Visa Inc. NYSE:V
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 30, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.47

1.46

(0.68 %)

1.45

6.20

7.23

Revenue  (mm)

6077.99

6054.00

(0.39 %)

6107.29

25448.08

28411.03

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-30-2020 10:56 AM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.24

1.32

1.43

1.47

1.31

1.37

1.47

1.46

5.65 %

3.79 %

2.80 %

(0.68 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

Mike Milotich
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Vasant M. Prabhu
Vice Chairman & CFO

ANALYSTS

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Dan Dolev
Macquarie Research

Daniel Rock Perlin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Harshita Rawat
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Trevor Ellis Williams
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Visa's Fiscal First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's
conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mike Milotich, Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations. Mr. Milotich, you may now begin.

Mike Milotich
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jordan. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Visa's Fiscal First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Call. Joining us today are Al Kelly, Visa's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Vasant Prabhu, Visa's
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer.

This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.investor.visa.com. A
replay will be archived on our site for 30 days. A slide deck containing financial and statistical highlights
has been posted on our IR website.

Let me also remind you that this presentation includes forward-looking statements. These statements are
not guarantees of future performance, and our actual results could differ materially as a result of many
factors. Additional information concerning those factors is available in our most recent reports on Forms
10-K and 10-Q, which you can find on the SEC's website and the Investor Relations section of our website.

For historical non-GAAP financial information disclosed in this call, the related GAAP measures and
reconciliation are available in today's earnings release. And with that, let me turn the call over to Al.

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

Mike, thank you, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.

2020 is off to a strong start with Visa's first quarter performance. It's a reflection of our focus on clients
and commitment to moving money globally, seamlessly and safely. In our time today, let me first touch on
our results and then discuss how we're going to grow our core C2B or consumer payments business and
capturing new payment flows, which is all part of our network-of-network strategies.

To start, our first quarter results. We had a terrific quarter, and the business is performing well. We
reported net revenue growth of 10%, but if you adjust for exchange rates and very low currency volatility,
our net revenue growth was approximately 13%. Our EPS growth was 12% or 14% on a constant dollar
basis, excluding the impact of acquisitions made after Q1 last year.

Key business drivers were largely consistent with the fourth quarter as we expected. For the first time in
our history, total network volume this quarter was over $3 trillion. Payment volume grew at 8% globally,
10% excluding China and the U.K. Cross-border volume rose 9% on a constant dollar basis, and we
processed nearly 38 billion total transactions on our network, up 11%.

Let me touch briefly on holiday spending, starting with the United States, where growth was similar to the
2018 and 2017 holiday season, which were both strong years. Credit growth was slightly better than last
year, and debit growth slowed slightly due to lapping tax reform, which had a positive impact on U.S. debit
growth throughout all of last year, including the holiday season.

E-commerce grew 3 to 4x faster than non-e-commerce. E-commerce also drove more than 1/3 of all
consumer spend, up 2 percentage points versus last year. Retail spend growth was stronger than last
year, fueled mostly by e-commerce. However, that was offset by slower growth in travel and restaurant
spending.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

To give you a brief sense of the holiday season in the other major markets, Brazil and Canada saw slightly
stronger growth than last year. The U.K.'s growth was similar to last year's level, and growth in Australia
slowed slightly.

Now let's look at the core business overall for the first quarter. We are growing our core payments
business in 3 ways: through large clients and markets; number two, making progress to capture the
opportunity in emerging and other markets through new partnerships, including wallets and fintech; and
three, all while helping the ecosystem remove friction.

We continue to have significant renewals and wins amongst some of our largest financial institutions. Visa
renewed our issuing agreement with Capital One effective January 1 of this year. We're very pleased to
continue our long-standing relationship with Capital One.

We recently renewed our agreement with DKB, our largest issuing bank in Germany, and we're looking
forward to developing new services and products within this exclusive innovation partnership.

In the Caribbean, we have renewed a multiyear contract with Royal Bank of Canada for credit and debit.
This agreement also includes some new debit wins covering 17 Caribbean countries and territories.

In Latin America, we're pleased to have won the credit and debit business for Santander in Brazil,
Argentina and Uruguay.

This leadership position with financial institutions also extends to merchants as we are the leader in
co-brand with 13 of the top 20 portfolios globally. This quarter, we continued to solidify our leadership
position. In the United States, we were selected for the new Venmo co-brand credit card, a reflection of
our strong partnership with PayPal. The opportunity for this product is quite significant as Venmo has over
52 million users currently.

We're excited to continue growing our long-standing co-brand relationships with Caesars Reward and
Harley-Davidson. Sony has relaunched both of their co-branded credit cards connected with the Sony
Rewards program. Together, Sony and Visa are partnering in a number of ways to grow these programs
and bring compelling offers to their cardholders.

We already have a strong relationship with Costco as their co-brand provider in the United States, Taiwan,
South Korea and Mexico and just this quarter, secured the China co-brand.

In Europe, Visa extended our co-brand partnerships with Norwegian Air Shuttle and S Group, respectively.
In CEMEA, we renewed the Emirates NBD's credit business, and half of that portfolio is represented by the
Emirates Skywards co-brand program exclusively with Visa, and the rest of the portfolio is bank branded
credit.

Our wins are not limited to just large issuers and merchants as we continue to make progress to capture
the opportunity in emerging and other markets through wallets and investments. In Africa, we have
recently taken several steps to help accelerate the shift to digital payments.

On the credential side, mobile money wallets are already prevalent across Africa. But without a virtual or
physical network credential associated with them, many international online services are unavailable to
users. To help solve this problem, we announced a collaboration with MFS Africa, which is Africa's largest
digital payments hub connecting through 1 API to more than 180 million mobile wallets on the continent to
distribute Visa payment credentials across the continent.

In an effort to build acceptance, we recently announced an investment in partnership with Flutterwave, a
pan-African digital payments platform that enables multipayment acceptance and processing. Together,
Flutterwave will further scale its consumer payments service called Barter and its merchant acquiring
service called Rave through Visa products such as Visa Direct, Visa QR and virtual cards.

In addition, Visa established a strategic partnership and will acquire a minority stake -- equity stake
at Interswitch, a company focused on the digitization of payments that processes more than 80% of
domestic transactions in Nigeria and sells payment processing across 23 other countries in Africa and
operates the largest domestic debit card scheme on the continent with 23 million cardholders.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Our partnership will help accelerate Visa deployments of payment experiences leveraging Interswitch's
processing and integration capabilities and scale their bill pay services across Africa.

As we grow our business in emerging markets and with new players across the globe, we're ever focused
on improving the point-of-sale experience and reducing friction for the entire ecosystem.

In the card-present environment, we continue to see meaningful momentum in tap to pay, what we
consider to be the most friction-free way to pay in person. We have reached a point where 1 in every
3 card-present transactions that runs over our network is tapped versus 1 in 4 a year ago this quarter.
This past year, we've doubled the number of countries whose face-to-face transactions are at least 2/3
contactless.

Transit continues to be a key user case and an important way to habituate tapping behavior. In New York
City, on the MTA, Visa crossed 2 million taps in November from the beginning of the pilot and 3 million in
January. The MTA recently announced the tap-to-pay expansion to their entire system by the end of 2020,
and we are currently pacing a 350,000 Visa taps a week on the MTA, and nearly 1 in every 10 transactions
in the New York Metro area is a tap to pay on a Visa card.

We also launched Africa's first contactless transit system in Johannesburg this quarter in addition to
launches in Ho Chi Minh City as well as Taiwan, Sweden and Ukraine.

In the e-commerce environment, click to pay or what we once called Secure Remote Commerce, seeks to
streamline the digital payment experience across networks, offering greater security and improved sales.
You may recall, we launched with a select number of merchants in October, and by the end of December,
more than 40 merchants had adopted the new click-to-pay solution.

Now that the holiday season is over, we recently completed the migration of 5,500 U.S. merchants to click
to pay. We expect to complete the migration of the remainder of Visa Checkout merchants in the United
States over the coming months. Additionally, all 50 million consumers who are already enrolled with Visa
Checkout were automatically converted to click to pay.

Globally, we continue to make progress on securing the ecosystem with tokens. Introduced in 2014,
tokens have expanded into 107 countries, equating to 6 billion tokenized transactions in 2019. We
now have over 750 million tokens globally. Over the past 18 months, Visa signed and is now live with
the majority of large e-commerce platform for card-on-file tokenizations, including Adyen, Braintree,
CyberSource, PayPal, Stripe as well as some big e-commerce companies, including Amazon and Netflix,
amounting to hundreds of millions of new tokens, which is accelerating the pace of e-commerce
transactions now processed over the Visa token service. Collectively, we have secured merchant and
partner commitments for tokenization in the e-com space that will add up to approximately $1 trillion in
Visa payment volume. Putting it together, our core business remains strong as we continue to win with
traditional players, new players and seek to remove friction.

Outside of our traditional C2B business, we're making progress in capturing new payment flows. In the
card-based B2B space, we had several wins in the first quarter. In Singapore, we won the government
procurement card for Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation or OCBC. With the Singapore government
mandating to digitize payments by 2023, OCBC is targeted to capture a significant public sector
procurement volume.

Within the CEMEA region, Visa signed a partnership with NEC Payments, a digital banking and payments
processing platform, to expand NEC's regional and international issuing business focused on virtual card
for B2B payments such as travel and insurance. In Hong Kong, we partnered with Neat, a fintech offering
digital business account services, to be an exclusive partner with Visa to issue virtual commercial cards.

Visa Direct served P2P, B2C and even B2-small business with over 700 million transactions in the first
quarter of 2020. This quarter, we wanted to highlight significant progress in the B2B cross-border space.

MoneyGram announced it is now live, enabling international transfers that rely on Visa Direct. The new
service, which has been available within the United States in September, is starting with transfers to Spain
and the Philippines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

TransferWise, a global technology company for international payments, will also begin offering its
customers the ability to send and receive funds in real time through Visa Direct. The integrated capability
currently available in 6 countries, including Spain and Poland, will soon be available across more countries
in Europe.

Our continued progress with Visa Direct speaks to our network of network strategy for consumers,
businesses and governments to move money to anyone anywhere. Each new network end point, be it a
car, the consumer or a business account or a wallet, compounds the value of the capabilities we offer to
partners and improves the customer experience through a single Visa connection.

As we talk about network, it's hard not to mention Plaid, although I'm not going to cover it in too much
detail until the transaction closes. We see Plaid as having the potential to deliver real value to Visa in
multiple ways. We have received a number of questions on their revenue model, so I thought I would
cover it quickly. Similar to us, they have a usage-based revenue model. Pricing is structured on a pay-per-
API call basis and varies by product depending on the type of financial data consumed by the customers of
the fintech, which speaks to the power of their network. We are truly excited about the acquisition.

To close, we're off to a strong start in the first quarter with much to be excited about as we look forward.
We are deepening partnerships with traditional players in markets and expanding assets with new players.
We're removing friction in the ecosystem, and we're making significant progress to capture new flows.
This is all part of our network-of-network strategy as we continue to focus on clients and moving money
globally, seamlessly and safely.

I want to take a quick moment to mention our Investor Day on February 11 here in San Francisco,
which will simultaneously be webcast. You will hear from our knowledgeable and deep bench of leaders,
who will discuss our view on the evolution of the ecosystem and how we intend to deliver Visa's future
growth through our customer consumer payments business, new flows and value-added services. The
formal presentation should run from about 8 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Pacific Time, and we look forward to your
participation.

With that, let me turn it over to Vasant.

Vasant M. Prabhu
Vice Chairman & CFO

Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone.

We had a strong start to fiscal 2020 with results coming in consistent with our expectations. Excluding
acquisitions and investment gains, constant dollar net revenue and EPS growth were 11% and 14%,
respectively.

Exchange rates reduced revenue growth by over 1 point and EPS growth by approximately 1.5 points. The
4 acquisitions completed in the last 6 months increased reported revenue growth by approximately 0.5
point and expense growth by approximately 3 points.

Starting in fiscal 2020, we are providing adjustments to our GAAP numbers each quarter to help investors
better track ongoing business performance. Non-GAAP results will exclude 3 items: one, the impact
of equity investment gains and losses; two, amortization of acquired intangible assets or acquisitions
completed in fiscal year 2019 and forward; and three, certain nonrecurring acquisition-related costs.
Prior non-GAAP results were also adjusted to reflect this change. This quarter, the impact of non-GAAP
adjustments is de minimis.

In addition, you will find a helpful schedule on the first slide of our earnings presentation. In addition
to GAAP and non-GAAP results, we provide the growth rate impacts of exchange rates as well as the
inorganic impact of acquisitions. In other words, the revenue expense and EPS impact that acquisitions
had on our reported numbers this year, which were not in our reported numbers in the first quarter last
year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

A few highlights from the quarter. Key business driver growth rates, payments volume, process
transactions and cross-border volumes were stable and consistent with prior quarters. Net revenue grew
10%. However, the underlying growth trend in revenues is masked by 2 significant drags related to
currencies. First, a stronger dollar reduced nominal net revenue growth rates by over 1 point. Second,
currency volatilities were at the lowest level we have seen in over 5 years. As may be expected, this sharp
decline in currency volatility had a significant impact on international fee revenue. If you adjust for the
drag from unusually low currency volatility and the drag from the strong dollar, underlying net revenue
growth is robust at approximately 13%.

Constant dollar payments volume growth of 8% slowed by 1 point compared to last quarter. This trend
-- this change in trend is driven by differences in processing days when compared to the first and fourth
quarters of last year. The processing day impact was over 1 point in the U.S. and several points in Canada.
Excluding the processing day impact, Q1 payments volume growth was similar to last quarter and second
quarter service revenues associated with these volumes will be in line with our expectations.

Constant dollar cross-border growth rates, excluding volumes within Europe, were also stable at 9%. Our
reported constant dollar cross-border growth rate accelerated 2 points to 9% as we are now lapping the
pan-European e-commerce platform, which reoriented acquiring across countries last year, converting
transactions from cross-border to domestic. As we have discussed in the past, this shift had minimal
revenue impact to Visa as cross-border transactions within Europe have revenue yields similar to domestic
yields.

We repurchased 13 million shares of Class A common stock at an average price of $179.71 for $2.3 billion
in the quarter. Our Board has authorized a new $9.5 billion share repurchase program. With this additional
authorization and the $1.7 billion of remaining authorized funds as of December 31, 2019, we have $11.2
billion available for share repurchases. Including our quarterly dividend of $0.30 per share, we returned
approximately $3 billion of capital to shareholders in the quarter.

Turning now to our key business drivers and financial performance. Payments volume growth in constant
dollars was 8%. Credit was up 6%. Debit was up 11%. Growth excluding China and the U.K. was 10%.
As a reminder, Chinese domestic volumes are impacted by dual-branded card conversion, which have
minimal revenue impact. U.S. payments volume growth was up 8% with credit growing 7% and debit, 9%.
Excluding the processing day impact I described earlier, growth accelerated almost 1 point due to a partial
lapping of the Cabela's conversion and modestly higher fuel prices. Underlying consumer spending growth
was largely consistent with the last quarter.

International payments volume growth in constant dollars were 8% and 12%, excluding China and the
U.K. Growth in CEMEA remained robust, 22%, with strong growth across Russia and the Middle East. Latin
America also remains strong at 17% driven by some wins and strong performance at existing clients. Asia
Pacific, excluding China, grew 8%, decelerating over 2 points, primarily due to slower growth in Japan,
Australia and Hong Kong. Europe, excluding the U.K., grew 12%. U.K. growth remains weak and slowed 1
point after improving in each of the last 2 quarters.

Process transactions continued to grow at 11%. Constant dollar cross-border growth of 9% was up
2 points from the last quarter but stable at 9%, excluding volumes within Europe. Both travel and
e-commerce growth were in line with the last quarter, excluding volumes within Europe. Outbound
commerce accelerated from Russia, Africa and across Europe, which was offset by weaker growth out of
the U.S. and Asia. Inbound commerce accelerated a bit into the U.S. but decelerated a little into Europe,
which is consistent with the weakening dollar compared to the pound and euro. Growth into China and
Hong Kong remains weak.

Net revenues grew 10% or 11% in constant dollars, excluding acquisitions. The impact of our acquisitions
on revenue growth was approximately 0.5 point. Service revenue growth is consistent with the last
quarter at 9%. Data processing revenue growth was also in line with the last quarter at 16%.

International transaction revenue grew 9%, [ decreasing ] 2 points from the fourth quarter despite a
smaller exchange rate drag due to the unusually low currency volatility. Other revenues grew 22%,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

slowing 13 points from the fourth quarter as we lapped ASC 606 impacts from last year, partially offset by
faster growth in our value-added services.

Client incentives were in line with our expectations at 22.4% of gross revenue, up 80 basis points from
last quarter. As we told you in October, we expected client incentives to step up from our fiscal 2019 exit
percentage to the lower end of our full year outlook range in the first quarter due to the level of deal
activity this quarter and last year.

GAAP operating expenses were up 14%. Excluding the amortization of acquired intangible assets and
nonrecurring acquisition-related costs from the 4 acquisitions that closed in the last 6 months, non-GAAP
expense growth was 13%.

Personnel expense growth is primarily driven by increases in staff to drive our growth initiatives, which we
stepped up in the second half of last year. Acquisitions and some nonrecurring expenses also contributed
to personnel expense growth.

Marketing expenses decreased 1% due to the timing of some spending as well as the reporting change
that shifted some expenses to the general and administrative line. The impact of acquisitions added 2
points to non-GAAP expense growth. Exchange rates reduced reported expense growth by approximately 1
point.

Nonoperating income/expenses include equity investment gains of $13 million, which we are now
excluding in our non-GAAP results. Investment income also includes a small nonrecurring benefit, which
is exactly offset in personnel expenses with no impact on earnings. Excluding these nonrecurring items,
investment income is lower this year due to falling interest rates and lower cash balances.

Our tax rate of 17.7% was lower due to some items that are unique to our first quarter each year. This
was anticipated and reflected in our outlook for tax rates this year.

Moving now to our outlook for the second quarter and the full year. First, let me share business driver
growth for the first 4 weeks of the quarter. Through January 28, U.S. payments volume growth was 10%
with U.S. credit growing 9% and debit, 12%. Processed transactions grew 13%. Cross-border volume
on a constant dollar basis grew 8% or 7% excluding cross-border volume within Europe. Cross-border
volumes in the last 2 weeks of January are negatively impacted by the shift in the Chinese New Year with
potentially some initial effects of the coronavirus outbreak.

As we look ahead to the second quarter of fiscal year 2020, we are assuming stable growth trends on key
business drivers: payments volumes, processed transactions and cross-border volumes. The exchange
rate drag on net revenues in the second quarter could be approximately 1 point, 50 basis points better
than our prior outlook and consistent with the first quarter due to some weakness on the dollar since
September. More than offsetting this small benefit could be the unexpected drag from currency volatility.
The unusually low currency volatility so far this fiscal year continues to persist into January.

As may be expected -- as expected, client incentives as a percent of gross revenues, will climb to the
upper half of our outlook range of 22.5% to 23.5%. Helped by the extra day in a leap year, second quarter
net revenue growth rates are expected to be in the low double digits and modestly better than the first
quarter.

Our second quarter revenue outlook does not reflect the potential effects of the recent coronavirus
outbreak in China. It is too early to assess this impact.

Second quarter expense growth is also expected to be modestly higher than the first quarter. As we
had indicated in October, expenses will grow at the highest rate for the year in the second quarter as
marketing expenses ramp up relative to a low level of spend last year. Also, as the dollar has weakened,
the exchange rate benefit on reported expense growth will be about 1 point, 50 basis points lower than we
had anticipated in October.

Our nonoperating income/expense in the first quarter had a run rate of around $65 million when you
exclude the $13 million gain from equity investments and the small nonrecurring benefit I mentioned

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

earlier. The run rate of nonoperating expenses will be somewhat higher in the second quarter due to lower
interest income as a result of lower cash balances and lower interest rates.

Our tax rate outlook for the second quarter remains unchanged at 19% to 19.5%.

Overall, we are maintaining our outlook for fiscal year 2020. I will mention a few adjustments and trends
that we are monitoring.

On the net revenue front, we are still expecting low double-digit net revenue growth in constant dollars.
Based on current exchange rates and future expectations, the currency translation drag could be at the
lower end of our previous 1 to 1.5 percentage point range at approximately 1 point. The 4 acquisitions we
have completed in the past 6 months are still expected to add around 0.5 point to net revenue growth.

As we highlighted in October, a significant factor impacting fiscal year '20 net revenue growth is the
unusually high volume of renewal activity. In fiscal year '19, we renewed 30% of our payment volume with
15% renewed in the fourth quarter alone. And we indicated fiscal year '20 renewal activity could be front-
loaded with another 15% to 20% of payment volume renewed in the first half. Since then, it has become
apparent that renewal activity in fiscal year '20 could be even higher with 3 to 4 large unplanned renewals
now under discussion, which would bring this year's level of renewal activity almost on par with last year.

We are pleased about this since, in most of these situations, we will most likely not only renew our
existing business but would also gain a larger share of these clients over the term of our new contracts.
One major client renewal is already complete and the others could get done in the next 2 or 3 months. As
such, we now expect client incentives as a percent of gross revenues to be at the high end of our outlook
range of 22.5% to 23.5% in FY '20.

Excluding acquisitions and last year's MDL-related special item, our outlook assumed core expense growth
in the mid- to high single-digit range in constant dollars or 7% to 8%. This climbs to low double-digit
growth when you add in the 4 acquisitions we have closed on in the past 6 months, which contribute 3 to
4 points to expense growth. Based on current exchange rates and future expectations, nominal expense
growth is likely to benefit by 1 point. As such, our expense growth for the year is expected to be in the
double digits with 50 basis points -- which is about 50 basis points higher than we expected in October.

As I indicated earlier, nonoperating expense had a run rate of approximately $65 million in the first
quarter. This expense will move modestly higher in each successive quarter this year due to declining
interest income from lower rates.

Our full year outlook for tax rates remains unchanged at 19% to 19.5%. Q1 tax rates were lower than
the full year outlook due to some items that are unique to our first quarter each year and were largely
anticipated in our full year outlook. Excluding the 4 acquisitions, our outlook for adjusted fiscal year
2020 EPS constant dollar growth remains in the mid-teens built off fiscal year '19 EPS of $5.40. Four
acquisitions are expected to dilute EPS by $0.05 to $0.06, a 1 point drag on EPS growth.

Based on current exchange rates and future expectations, exchange rates could reduce EPS growth by
approximately 1 point. Including the acquisition and exchange rate impacts of around 2 points, our outlook
for adjusted fiscal year 2020 nominal EPS growth would be in the 12% to 14% range. We still expect for
the fourth quarter to be the highest EPS growth quarter.

Our fiscal year 2020 outlook does not include any impact from the Plaid acquisition. We will update our
outlook when we have more clarity on the timing for closing on the transaction. When we announced the
acquisition, we gave you some preliminary estimates of revenue and earnings implications for fiscal year
'20 and '21.

With that, I'll turn this back to Mike.

Mike Milotich
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
We're now ready to take questions, Jordan.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So just wanted to start on the incentive side. I mean the guidance change here is really only 0.5 point, I
mean, if people were previously modeling the middle of the range. So I'm just wondering if you expect to
make up for that 0.5 point through better gross revenue. Or does it feel more like you just may land net
revenues slightly lower within that overall unchanged low double-digit guidance range, especially since the
currency volatility has fallen off as you guys pointed out?

Vasant M. Prabhu
Vice Chairman & CFO

Yes, a couple of things, Jason. Yes, we'll see how incentives play out for the year, but the way it looks right
now, the renewal activity will be higher. And so we are signaling that it could be at the upper end of the
range, and as you said, if people are in the middle of the range, that's 0.5 point higher.

On the other hand, we are signaling that if exchange rates stay roughly in the range they're in on where
people are expecting, that is about at the lower end of the range, too. So you pick up some of it there.

In terms of currency volatility, we were able to absorb most of it in the first quarter and still get very close
to, as you saw, what our expectations were. We're factoring that into our second quarter outlook. What it's
going to be for the second half, I think we'll wait and see. It's not something you can predict further out,
and time will tell.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Dolev from Macquarie.

Dan Dolev
Macquarie Research

So a quick question on cross border. It looks like a nice uptick. Can you maybe talk a little bit about that?

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

Well, I guess, remember, last year, Dan, you had a number of things going on at -- especially at the back
end of the quarter with government shutdown, Brexit, U.S.-China trade talks, et cetera. So we were
expecting some uptick off of some of those factors that had a negative impact on cross border at the time,
and so we're back up in what I think we would expect to be a fairly normal range at this point.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Everything looks really consistent here, but just looking at the regional volumes, just a couple questions
or clarifications. On the Asia front, it looks like it's slowed to the 4% zone. Curious what's the outlook here
based on what you see in -- with Europe, pretty stable, softened a touch to the low end of the 8% to 9%
range. But I know you guys have made a lot of investments there. What are your expectations for Europe?
Can you sort of break out of this zone based on some of the investments you've made? What do you see
there?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Vasant M. Prabhu
Vice Chairman & CFO

Yes. I might start, and Al, I'm sure, will add. In Asia, we highlighted 3 areas. Japan was really more of
a quarter-over-quarter comparison. There were some changes in consumption taxes in Japan that seem
to push some spending into the period ahead of the tax going up. So it was pushed more into the last
quarter, and so it's -- we don't think that's an ongoing issue.

The other one was Australia. Australia, you had some of the wildfire impact, and that seems to be one of
the bigger factors there.

And last was Hong Kong, and you saw -- you know what some of those are. We have seen impacts in
Hong Kong from some of the protests going on. So that was pretty much it. Across the rest of Asia, the
trends are very good.

In Europe, U.K. is a big chunk of our business. And the U.K. has been very weak and actually slowed
through the elections and had a very -- relatively weak holiday season and slowed by 1 point in the
quarter. If you take the U.K. out, growth was a pretty healthy 12% in the rest of Europe.

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

The only thing -- I'd add 2 points, Tien-Tsin. One is the consumption tax that Vasant referred to, now the
government has decided to rebate some of that consumption tax when people do contactless transactions
in Japan as part of the government's push on the cashless going into the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo. So
that's actually going to turn out -- hopefully be a good thing, not only to stimulate spending but to
stimulate tap-to-pay spending.

The other point on Europe, as Vasant rightly pointed out, the U.K. has been a bit of a drag for us, but
we've been extremely focused on the continent and had some -- we've had some good wins in fintech and
some good renewals. And those things are in the pipeline, and I feel pretty good about where Europe's
going to head over the next couple of years in terms of growth.

Operator

Our next question comes from Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

Just a couple of quick ones. One is on the -- look, the improvement in volume we're seeing in January
seems to really underscore the comments you made around like nuances in Q -- calendar Q4, like the
processing day. Just if you can comment on what you're seeing in terms of the consumer, given -- are
these improvements into January just timing? Or do you actually see a healthier type of spending trend?

And, Al, just one quick follow-up also was around the rebates incentives. Given so many are being done
now, can you just comment on the types of returns you're expecting to see for those? Are these longer
contracts than they used to be? Or are they coming with more value-add offerings? Something along those
lines would be great.

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

So I think, Darrin, other than in the U.K., the consumer has held up pretty darn well, and our volume in
this last quarter, when you factor in the processing day change, which is kind of a bit of an anomaly, but
if you look in September, the last day of September in 2018 was a Sunday, and a lot of merchants have
acquired whole volume on a Sunday. So what ended up happening, a bunch of 1 day's worth -- a lot of
volume in -- for 1 day got pushed into the first quarter of '19. We did not have that same phenomena this
past quarter because the last day of September this year was a Monday. So we just simply had a dynamic

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

that it was a -- we had a harder grow over. And so when you actually adjust for that, our growth quarter-
over-quarter was pretty similar.

So in general, I think the consumer has held up quite well, and there's no reason to see it go down other
than, again, depending upon where this coronavirus ends up going and who knows at this point.

Just to be clear, when you have to have rebates and incentives, the -- when I was referring to the rebate,
that was a rebate being given by the government in Japan. I don't know whether that's what you were
referring to. But in general, we are trying to obviously strike the right balance in terms of incentives that
we do in deals, try to make many of them, as many of those incentive dollars growth-oriented as possible
so that as a partner's volume picks up, their incentives pick up, but we're also getting the associated
volume with them.

And as I say, you probably know, Darrin, we obviously push for contracts that are as long as possible.
There's -- to some degree, most of them kind of fall in a 5- to 7-year cycle. Every once in a while, there's
some 10-year deals. And then there's issuers that like to do deals every couple of years, and those would
tend to be more of the issuers that are dual issuers.

So it's always a bit of a balancing act to try to get to the right level. But I think we try to structure these
incentives in smart ways where they're growth-oriented, they're focused on consumption of different
numbers of Visa products and try to build relationships with issuers that go well beyond just an issuing
relationship to encompass Visa Direct, to encompass tokenization, et cetera.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Wanted to ask about Capital One. I know Mastercard also announced the renewal with Capital One. So
maybe you could help us sort out how that contract breaks and if this is a net positive for both networks.

And then just secondly, Vasant, on expense growth, I think your comments last quarter was it was
expected to be similar to the fourth quarter, which I think was around 11.4%, and it came in a little bit
higher. Was there any pull forward in expenses because I think operating margins at The Street we're
expecting were a little higher than they came in?

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

Bryan, let me just -- quick point on Cap One, and then I'll let Vasant comment on acquisitions. Look,
Cap One has been a classic dual issuer, and it always depends on what portfolios each network happens
to have and how they perform at any given point in time. But they're a big terrific bank with a lot of
innovative people on their team. We love working with them. And so it's a good thing for us, and I'm sure
that, that's why I would say it's a good thing for them as well.

Vasant M. Prabhu
Vice Chairman & CFO

Yes, expense growth was a couple of points higher than we might have expected. Some of it is exchange
rate. So as you saw, the exchange rates were somewhat better than we -- the exchange rate impact was
somewhat better than we expected on revenues, which means on the expense side it was somewhat
worse. I think that was about 1 point. And as we -- and as I indicated in my comments, there were a
few other nonrecurring types of things that added another point. So in general, there weren't any real
surprises. They were pull forward of investments. It was just a couple of these kinds of items.

Operator

Our next question comes from Trevor Williams from Jefferies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Trevor Ellis Williams
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

This is a little bit higher level, but I'm curious internationally with a couple of government-backed systems
like Mir in Russia and TROY in Turkey that mandate domestic processing. I guess first, just how you see
your role in the economics you can earn in both of those markets over the longer term?

And then second, more broadly, if you're comparing today's backdrop to, I don't know, 5 or 10 years
ago, just what kind of threat you guys think nationalist payments agendas could pose to the international
business going forward?

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

Look, Trevor, I -- we -- some of these domestic processing platforms and domestic schemes are not
terribly new. Our objective is to work closely with both regulators to make sure it's an even playing field
and then work closely with our clients to make sure that we get a fair share of business.

Many times, our processing network of VisaNet actually just plain and simple has a lot more richness to
its various offerings. And people -- we've had cases where banks see that and prefer to process with us
because of the investment, the level of security, the level of innovation. So we'll continue to be up against
this kind of -- this backdrop. But I think it's still allowing us to grow at healthy levels, and we're trying to
partner in a thoughtful way as much as we can.

To your question about the backdrop on nationalism today versus 10 years ago, I think you'd have to say
it has become a little bit more pronounced simply because it wasn't that nearly as prominent a decade
or so ago. But again, I think our job is to continue to innovate, work closely with regulators and with our
clients to have as much of an even playing field as possible and continue to show that processing on Visa
or minimally partnering with Visa as your scheme has good advantages to it that people want to work with
us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Harshita Rawat from Bernstein.

Harshita Rawat
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Al, if I look at the long-term history of your growth versus your largest competitor, it's been quite stable.
More recently, though, over the last 1 or 2 years, you've seen some delta open up between your volume
metrics and your peers. So can you talk about some of the drivers of this? And more importantly, if you
look out next few years, can we expect the gap to narrow because of what you're doing with fintechs
internationally and also the strength in Visa Direct.

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Harshita. Look, both companies have performed extremely well on a number of dimensions. If
you look at this most recent quarter, we're very pleased with our results. And look, Mastercard had a great
quarter, and they've had some good quarters the last couple of years as have we.

That said, a few points. First of all, volume metrics are -- don't have any standards attached to them. And
it's always difficult to do an apples-to-apples comparison between the 2 companies and really understand
what's going on fully in terms of the volume.

On the revenue side, the revenue deltas have been a bit smaller in a number of the recent quarters.
There's huge mix differences in our business. We've got a very big position in the United States, and we
wouldn't trade that for the world. It's just, plain and simple, a much more mature market that doesn't
have the same high double-digit, mid-double-digit, even over 20% kind of growth prospects to it, but

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

we're certainly pleased to have the partnerships with the banks that we have and the position that we
have in the United States.

The last point I'd make is that my expectation is based on the investments that we're making in value-
added services, in new payments flows, in working with fintechs, working with neobanks, working on
engagement with our existing customers, building out our acceptance footprint, that I'm quite confident
that, over time, we will close that gap and continue to perform very well for our investors.

Operator

Our next question comes from Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

A question on Visa Direct. You mentioned the greater than 700 million transactions in 1Q. You've
highlighted previously that Visa Direct was growing in the triple digits. So I guess question one, is it still
growing that rate?

And then also, how are the yields tracking in Visa Direct? I mean is it sort of comparable to debit? I know
there's a lot of cross border in there, too.

And last one -- all related to Visa Direct, I promise. But you mentioned a few new partnerships. As you
complete the Earthport integration, what are some of the major use cases for Visa Direct you're seeing
rolling in as we move through 2020?

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

So first of all, Lisa, our growth in Visa Direct remains incredible. It didn't quite get to triple-digit growth
this quarter, but it was very, very high single digit -- double digits and close to that level.

In terms of yields, we really haven't talked much about it, but to your point, Visa Direct is going to
increasingly have some more cross-border transactions that will run over that platform and that -- our
push platform. And that is obviously a very good thing for us.

I think when we talk about use cases, I think they're going to fall into some of the same buckets they fall
into today, P2P, disbursements, remittances, and I think that those businesses will continue to grow. And
you'll see on Investor Day that we'll highlight a good number of Visa Direct use cases with quite a few
specific examples. So we look forward to taking you through it on the 11th.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Togut from Evercore ISI.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Given the ongoing weakness you're seeing in U.K. volumes and the incremental 1 point deceleration you
called out, could you update us, Al, on your growth pivot moving employees out of London and into some
of the higher-growth markets of Italy, Poland and Germany? And when might this growth pivot accelerate
your volume growth in Europe?

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

So David, we don't have any active plans to kind of move people out of the U.K. We're just, plain and
simple, as we grow the business, adding employees on the continent and certainly adding -- the vast
majority of employees we would add in that region are in market offices on the continent.

First, I'd also comment that I'm certainly hopeful now that at least there is some clarity around the Brexit
outcome that we might find a new normal in the U.K. that would allow their economy to pick up. Certainly,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

I was in Davos last week, and certainly the officials in the U.K. that I talked to feel as if that it's on the
verge of starting to come back. We'll see what happens.

In terms of the continent, in many of these markets, we've been behind, plain and simple. And over the
last 4 or 5 quarters, we've been -- after we got the integration behind us, we started investing in fairly
significant ways, and we're winning deals and trying to build our credit business, build our acceptance
footprint. And so it takes a little bit of time for the pipeline to work its way into the numbers. But I think
over the next couple of years, we'll start to see some real payback for the progress that we're making now
in -- on the continent in Europe.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I appreciate your commentary on the coronavirus, but I was wondering if you could dimensionalize the
cross-border China business and maybe any impact it may have and sort of how you could address it.

And then secondly, on the 3 to 4 unplanned renewals, is there any context as to why it's happening that
banks are choosing to renew early?

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

So on coronavirus, let me start with it's certainly just too early to know. When we look at our numbers,
we see some declines, but Chinese New Year this year was earlier this week, January 25. And last year, in
2019, it was February 5, and spending slows around the holiday.

So we're -- given that we're about 12 days earlier this year, it's hard to know what's really impacting the
volumes at this stage. There's -- that said, there's definitely going to be impact. I mean when planes are
being halted both in and out of China, and you're probably reading as we are that companies are telling
their employees to stay home, so even for the e-commerce world, employees are staying home, who's
picking -- and who's picking goods and shipping them? So I think, for sure, there'll be some impact, and --
but we'll have to see how pronounced it gets and how long it goes. I'm not in the predicting game for it at
the moment.

In terms of the early renewals, what tends to happen is probably about half the time it's us and half the
time it's the client who says -- as we're talking to them about deepening our relationship and we're talking
about them -- to them about all the dynamics that are going on in payments and/or we're talking to
them about building a deeper relationship by them consuming more and more of Visa's capabilities and
solutions, if a deal is going to be up in a year or 1.5 years or 2 years, usually that's no longer than that,
but as the deal's going to come up in, say, 1.5 years to 2 years or less, 1 of the 2 of us, us or the client,
will say, why don't we just get our deal done and extend it out a number of years so that we can focus on
all of these capabilities, and we can work together on trying to grow the business versus starting down a
path where a client is going to consume more Visa product and then we have to halt everything while our
teams on both sides go into negotiation mode, and it just slows down the wheels of the progress.

But I think what's happening, because payments is just more complex than it was 4 or 5 years ago and
the number of offerings is greater than it was even 2 or 3 years ago, I think that this is what's kind of
driving this -- I don't want to call it a phenomena but driving this occurrence.

And this year, as Vasant said in his remarks, there are 4 decent-sized financial institutions that were not
scheduled to be up this year. They were not built into our numbers or incentive. One of them is already
done. I referred to it in my remarks, which was Santander and the deal that we did with them in South
America. So there's 3 others where there's live discussion going on right now, and it's too early to tell
whether a deal definitely gets done or not, but my expectation is that, more likely than not, at least a
couple of them that were not planned will get done.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from James Faucette from Morgan Stanley.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the acquisitions that you've been doing and perhaps the change in reporting, what
that may indicate. And in the past, Visa has done a lot of investments in companies and fintechs, et
cetera, even before fintech was coined as a term. But seems like you've picked up, at least in the last year,
the pace of acquisition. Is this part of a -- should we expect more acquisitions and you to be more active
in actually acquiring companies than you have been in the past? Or is this maybe a little bit anomalous?
Just wondering how you're thinking about incorporating some of the development that's happening outside
Visa into Visa proper.

Vasant M. Prabhu
Vice Chairman & CFO

Well, I think Al may add some more things. We'll talk more about this at Investor Day but just a quick
response to that question.

I don't think we're deliberately stepping up the level of acquisition activity or investment activity and some
kind of change of direction. Our approach has always been we build any core capability, and if it is faster
or cheaper or there's talent that we can get from the outside that will be valuable, then we would consider
acquisitions, and there's a logic to every one of those we did.

On the investment side, typically, when it's complementary capabilities, we prefer to partner, and we
do lots and lots of partnerships as you know. Our business is built on partnerships. Occasionally, we
get into a situation where a company may like us to invest or we want to invest because we do want to
enhance our relationship, get closer, have a better commercial agreement, get some exclusivity and so
on. The reason the volume has gone up, to some degree, is because, as you know, there's a lot of activity
nowadays in terms of companies with business models and capabilities that are very valuable to us, either
as capabilities for us to own or capabilities to partner with.

So it reflects what's going on in the marketplace, too. And it'll -- the pace of activity will depend on exactly
applying the criteria I just mentioned. It could go up if we find more than meet our criteria or it could go
down.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Perlin from RBC Capital Markets.

Daniel Rock Perlin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Al, you went through a pretty exhaustive list of breaking down core versus new flows and then reduced
friction as kind of 3 big tenets of growth. What I'm trying to, I guess, parse out, is how do you break those
down? I mean is core like 80% of the growth as we think about the next couple of years then layering in
these other 2 to 3 assets? Or how should we kind of parse out that as we kind of think through all of these
opportunities for you?

Alfred Francis Kelly
Chairman & CEO

Well, again, Dan, on Investor Day, we'll talk a lot about all 3 of these [ categories ].

To be very honest, we don't have a debt mix that we're trying to get to across the 3 items that you cited.
We're trying to make sure that we do as well as we possibly can against all 3 to try to make sure that
we're delivering sustained good levels of revenue growth. And some of it will depend on what's happening
at a particular point in time in economies and where we end up choosing to put investment dollars.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

So there's a lot of factors that go into it. But we're not setting out to hit some certain mix. We're setting
out to do a really good job in our core business. We're doing it to try to extend the business through new
payment flows and value-added services and with the acquisition of Plaid, extend the business in our
network-of-network business even further. So that's really what our objective is, Dan.

Operator

Our last question comes from Dave Koning from Baird.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

When we look at cross border, the reported volume growth all through last year was pretty slow. And
I know that has to do with just currency, right? But the revenue growth was way, way above volume
growth. This quarter, volume growth has gotten better, but the disconnect, I guess, between volume
and revenue has gotten smaller. Like that gap between volume and reported revenue growth has gotten
smaller. Why is that? And should it be closer? Should it stay closer like that throughout this year?

Vasant M. Prabhu
Vice Chairman & CFO

Yes, the delta between volume growth and revenue growth are driven by a variety of factors. The most
important are currency related, right? Most of the time, the delta is driven by currency impacts. Clearly,
pricing plays a role. So there was some pricing in there that was causing the revenue growth to be
faster than volume growth. Currency effects can then move it one direction or the other. And then when
volatilities move in a big way, and this quarter we had a very big move, if you look at volatilities, we are at
5-year lows now, not seen since 2014. Historically, those have corrected over time, so that, we think, is a
transient thing. But when volatilities decline, the revenues related to those volatilities are also in that line.
And this quarter, those had a big impact.

If volatilities were the same year-over-year, our revenue growth would have been fairly comparable to last
quarter on the international fee line.

Mike Milotich
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Jordan. And thank you all for joining us today. If you have any additional questions, please feel
free to call or e-mail our Investor Relations team. Thanks again, and have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

VISA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

