Waters Corporation NYSE:WAT
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 04, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

3.01

3.20

6.31

1.69

8.80

8.99

2.16

9.78

714.34

716.29

0.27

527.72

2407.03

2406.60

(0.02 %)

2463.66

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-04-2020 12:45 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.73

2.11

2.13

3.01

1.60

2.14

2.13

3.20

(7.51 %)

1.42 %

0.00 %

6.31 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bryan Paul Brokmeier
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Sherry L. Buck
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Paul Richard Knight
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please
disconnect at this time.

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead, sir.

Bryan Paul Brokmeier
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation
Fourth Quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language.

During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding
future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance
regarding possible futures results of the company for the first quarter and full year 2020. We caution you
that all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ
materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual
performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the risk factors included in our
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, in Part 1 under the caption Risk
Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K.

We further caution you that the company does not intend to update any of its predictions or projections,
except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts or as
otherwise required by law. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 28,
2020.

During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the
non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our
earnings release issued this morning and available on the company's website. In our discussions of the
results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results, which exclude the impact of items such as those
outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this
morning's press release.

Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth
rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency
basis.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris O'Connell, Waters' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Chris?

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier,
joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters' Chief Financial Officer.

During today's call, I will provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full year 2019 operating results as
well as some broader commentary on our business. Sherry will then review our financial results in detail
and summarize our first quarter and full year 2020 financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines
to take your questions.

Briefly reviewing our operating results for the fourth quarter, revenue grew 1%, and adjusted earnings per
share grew 11%. The fourth quarter played out generally as we expected, with mixed market conditions

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

similar to those we experienced throughout 2019, but also with encouraging progress on key growth
initiatives, particularly the positive impact of our new products.

In the quarter, growth in large molecule pharma and biomedical research applications, driven by our new
product offerings, was largely offset by market conditions in our industrial markets, China and continued
capital spending softness in small molecule pharmaceutical applications.

Looking at the full year 2019 in total, revenue grew 1%, and adjusted earnings per share grew 8%.
Macro factors led to a more variable set of end market conditions that we had expected entering the year.
Customers in key markets we serve were more cautious in their capital purchasing throughout 2019 and
more willing to delay spending.

I'd like to review the 3 areas where we were most impacted by this dynamic. First, government policy
changes in China affected the food and pharmaceutical markets. As a reminder, China represents 18%
of our global revenue and continues to be a key growth priority for the company. Our business mix in
China is unique within our global portfolio as well as within the industry, with a higher concentration of our
business coming from pharma and food testing.

In 2019, China revenues were flat year-over-year, following double-digit growth in 9 of the prior 10 years.
In 2020, our initial view on China coming into the year is to expect stable end market conditions relative
to 2019 driven by cautious, but steady, pharma and industrial spending, moderate academic spending and
stabilization in the food market. That said, we are closely monitoring the coronavirus outbreak, and it's too
early to understand what impact this rapidly evolving situation will have on our business. Therefore, no
impact is included in our 2020 guidance. As always, the health and safety of our employees, their families
and our customers is our top priority, and we are taking appropriate caution in terms of employee travel
and activities.

Second, the global market for small molecule pharmaceutical LC applications, where Waters has
unique focus and capability, has been in a slower growth environment. In 2019, our small molecule
pharmaceutical business was down modestly, in line with the overall market.

Looking ahead to 2020, our assumptions assume stable market conditions relative to 2019. Meanwhile,
we remain confident in the underlying secular growth drivers of the small molecule LC market, including
steadily increasing prescription volumes as patient access to therapeutic medications rises around the
world as well as increasing quality and safety requirements in all markets. We continue to invest in
advancing our LC instrument portfolio and are well-positioned to benefit when demand normalizes.

And third, Europe was flat in 2019 as industrial market headwinds offset academic and governmental
strength. Looking ahead, we're encouraged that clarity around Brexit could help stabilize the European
macro environment. This stabilization contributed to our fourth quarter improvement and supports our
confidence in modestly better conditions within the region in 2020.

Market dynamics aside, we remain sharply focused on our core growth strategy of organic innovation and
are excited about the significant uptick in meaningful new product launches during 2019. We are pleased
with our market development activities to date and particularly encouraged by the increasing contribution
of new products in Q4.

Most notably, the BioAccord, Cyclic IMS, SYNAPT XS and our 2 new tandem quad mass spectrometers
all contributed more meaningfully to our growth in the quarter, and we expect that this new product
contribution will continue to ramp in 2020.

We remain very excited about our technology road map and believe that we are not only at the front end
of a major new product cycle, but also a durable improvement in R&D productivity and, therefore, a more
sustainable new product cadence into the future.

Taking a closer look at the business, starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level.
Sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category were flat for the quarter. Geographic strength in
Europe and India was offset by a decline in sales into clinical applications as well as softness in our China
pharmaceutical business, which is partly attributable to the difficult comparable quarter a year ago. The

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

global large molecule market and our performance within it remained robust, supported by our focused
investments in this category across LC, mass spec and chemistries. Conversely, the global market for
small molecule pharmaceutical applications remains softer than historical levels, with flat revenue in the
quarter.

For the full year, our pharmaceutical category sales were up 2%. Sales to our worldwide industrial
category, which includes the material science, food and environmental markets, were down 1% in
the quarter, with strength in food testing markets up during Q4, offset by weakness in materials
characterization.

For the full year, our worldwide industrial category sales were down 2%. Sales to our academic and
governmental categories were up 10% in the fourth quarter driven by the impact of our new technology
serving the pharmaceutical and biomedical research categories, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. For
the full year, our academic and governmental category sales were up 3%.

Next, I will review our sales performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia, our largest region in
terms of revenue, was flat in the fourth quarter. China declined 3% as pharmaceutical growth declined
modestly in the quarter on a difficult comp, partially offset by stabilization in food markets.

Looking specifically at the China generic pharmaceutical market, the second round of the GPO process,
previously referred to as the 4+7 program, played out as we expected, and the third round is now
underway. Our customers are maintaining a pragmatic tone through this process, and we continue to
see those customers, notably local big pharma companies and some multinationals, win tenders due to
the program's increasingly stringent quality requirements and their benefits of scale. We are also seeing
strong demand for our chemistry offerings from this customer base, which we expect to continue as the
GPO process supports rising generic prescription volume in China, bolstering our confidence that we will
see increasing instrument demand over time.

In India, solid growth was driven by the continuing recovery in the pharmaceutical market, partially offset
by food softness. For the full year, Asia grew 3%, driven by solid growth in India, Japan and Korea while
China was flat.

Turning to the U.S. Revenue was flat in the fourth quarter as strength in large molecule pharma, food
and biomedical research was offset by weakness in small molecule pharma, material science and clinical
applications. Overall, the Americas declined 1% in the fourth quarter, driven in part by expected weakness
in Latin America due to the ongoing political instability in both Mexico and Brazil. For the full year, the U.S.
grew 1% while total Americas revenue was flat.

In Europe, sales grew 5% in the quarter, a result of solid year-end budget spending by certain large
pharma customers and continued strength in academic and governmental, partially offset by a modest
decline in industrial. We saw particular strength in demand for our new mass spec instruments from both
academic and pharmaceutical customers. For the full year, sales in Europe were flat.

Finally, I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters-branded instrument
sales declined 1% in the quarter and 2% for the year. LC instruments declined moderately, consistent with
broader market LC trends that we spoke about earlier. Market dynamics aside, we are confident that we
can leverage our strong LC installed base and expanding product portfolio to support improving growth
when customer LC spending patterns recover.

In mass spec, growth in Q4 was driven by our rich portfolio of new products as well as solid demand in
the global food business. Momentum continues to build for the BioAccord as market development activities
progressed well across all geographies, producing a strong fourth quarter and furthering our confidence
in a multiyear revenue ramp. The new Cyclic IMS and SYNAPT XS made meaningful contributions to the
fourth quarter and were a key reason for the strong academic and governmental growth.

Lastly, the addition of 2 new tandem quads strengthened our overall portfolio, positioning us to benefit
from any pickup we see in the global food and applied markets. To attest to the enthusiastic reception
of our new products, we have already received 1 major award for the SYNAPT XS and 2 awards for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

the BioAccord, including SelectScience's Scientists' Choice Award for the best new drug discovery and
development product for 2019 and Frost & Sullivan's 2019 Global New Product Innovation Award.

Waters-branded recurring revenues, which reflect the combination of service and precision chemistries,
grew 6% in the quarter and 5% for the year. Chemistry strength was driven by our pharmaceutical
business. We saw solid growth across our chemistry portfolio, including HPLC columns, application kits,
UPLC columns and bioseparation columns.

Turning to our TA product line. Sales declined 8% in the fourth quarter, with TA Instrument system sales
down 12% and service sales up 3%. The weakness was largely due to reduced spending levels by our
largest polymer and chemicals customers, which was broad-based across our instrument portfolio and
geographies. For the full year, our TA product line sales declined 3% with TA Instrument system sales
down 5% and service sales up 3%. Despite the challenging market conditions we faced in 2019, we have
strong confidence in our TA Instruments team and product portfolio and expect to return to growth in
2020.

To recap 2019, challenges in the global macroeconomic environment impacted our customers who are
more cautious in their capital purchasing throughout the year than we expected.

Returning to the big picture. We remain steadfastly focused on executing on our 5-point value-creation
model. As we have consistently communicated, we aim to create shareholder value by: one, holding a
leading specialty position in structurally attractive markets; two, executing a focused growth strategy
driven by organic innovation; three, seeking opportunities for continuous operational improvement
in innovation, channel and operations; four, maintaining capital discipline; and five, operating with a
performance-oriented culture and management team.

Our goal remains to deliver strong, sustainable long-term growth. We are confident in the durability of the
growth opportunity in our end markets as well as our consistent corporate strategy that is highlighted by
innovation. Accelerated R&D investments over the past several years, which, along with a more disciplined
approach to project selection and portfolio management, is resulting in meaningful improvements in R&D
productivity.

Looking ahead to 2020, we expect to realize further benefit of our recently launched products.
Furthermore, we seek to supplement our organic innovation and growth by more actively deploying capital
to purposeful M&A.

Over the past 2 years, we have strengthened our internal capabilities and built a robust acquisition in
minority investment pipeline. Last month, we announced the acquisition of Andrew Alliance, broadening
our technology portfolio to include advanced robotics and software that will positively impact our
customers' workflows across pharmaceuticals, life sciences and material science markets.

With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a review of our Q4 and 2019 financials and our
outlook for 2020. Sherry?

Sherry L. Buck
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, we recorded net sales of $716
million, an increase of approximately 1% in constant currency. Currency translation decreased sales
growth by approximately 1%, resulting in flat sales as reported.

For the full year, sales grew about 1% before currency translation, which decreased sales growth by
approximately 2%, resulting in a full year sales decline of approximately 1% on a reported basis. In the
quarter, sales into our pharmaceutical category were flat, sales into our industrial category were down
1% and our academic and governmental category grew 10%. For the full year, the pharmaceutical market
category grew 2%. Our industrial market category declined 2% and our academic and governmental
category was up 3%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Looking at product line growth. Our recurring revenue, which represents the combination of precision
chemistry products and service revenue, grew 6% in the quarter while instrument sales declined 3%. For
the full year, recurring revenue grew 5% while sales for instrument product groups declined 3%.

As we noted last quarter, recurring sales were impacted by 1 additional calendar day in the quarter, which
resulted in a slight increase in service revenue sales. Looking ahead, there is 1 less calendar day in the
first quarter and 2 additional calendar days in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to 2019.

Breaking fourth quarter product sales down further. Sales related to Waters-branded products and
services grew 2% while sales of TA-branded products and services declined 8%. Combined LC and LC-MS
instrument platform sales were down 1%, and instrument sales were down 12% for TA.

Looking at our growth rates in the fourth quarter geographically. Sales in Asia were flat, with China
declining 3%. Sales in the Americas were down 1%, with the U.S. flat. And European sales were up 5%.
For the year, Asia sales were up 3%, with China sales flat. Sales in the America were flat, with U.S. up
1%. And Europe sales were flat.

Now I'd like to comment on our fourth quarter and full year non-GAAP financial performance versus the
prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 58.2% as compared to 59.9% in the fourth quarter of 2018.
On a full year basis, gross margin was 58% compared to 59% in the prior year. The lower gross margin
relative to the prior year in both the quarter and the year was driven by foreign exchange rates, lower
fixed cost absorption and mix.

Moving down the fourth quarter P&L. Operating expenses were 3% lower in the quarter and 1% lower
for the year on a constant currency basis. This was a result of lower variable expenses and disciplined
spending controls throughout the year.

In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was about 11% versus 12% in the prior year quarter. For
the full year, our effective operating tax rate was about 13%, which is flat against the prior year. The lower
tax rate versus our expectation is a result of the mix of profits in our tax jurisdictions and discrete items in
the quarter.

Net interest expense was $10 million, an increase of about $9 million from the prior year, as anticipated,
as we shifted to a net debt position over the course of the year.

Our average share count came in at 64.3 million shares, a share count reduction of approximately 15%
or about 11 million shares lower than in the fourth quarter of last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing
share repurchase program.

Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the fourth quarter increased to $3.20 in comparison to
$2.87 last year, an increase of 11%. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share increased to
$3.12 compared to $2.46 last year. For the full year, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were
up 8% to $8.99 per share versus $8.29 last year.

Overall, the non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share growth for the quarter and the year was a result of
lower expenses and our ongoing share repurchase program. On a GAAP basis, full year earnings per share
were $8.69 versus $7.65 in 2018. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the
press release issued this morning.

Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. I'd like to summarize our fourth
quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures
and excluding special items.

In the fourth quarter of 2019, free cash flow came in at $158 million after funding $54 million of capital
expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $19 million related to investment in our new Taunton
chemistry facility. In the fourth quarter, this resulted in $0.22 of each dollar of sales converted into free
cash flow and $0.24 for the full year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Now I'd like to provide an update on our fourth quarter activities related to capital deployment, which we
categorize into 3 areas: investing for growth; balance sheet strength and flexibility; and return of capital
to shareholders.

In terms of returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased 2.5 million shares of our common stock for
$560 million in the fourth quarter. These capital allocation activities, along with our free cash flow, resulted
in cash and short-term investments of $337 million and debt of $1.7 billion on our balance sheet at the
end of the quarter. This resulted in a net debt position of $1.3 billion and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of
about 1.7x at the end of the year.

Looking ahead, we remain committed to deploying capital in the context of our 3 priorities and will
continue working towards a capital structure of approximately 2.5x net debt to EBITDA. As a result, our
full year guidance reflects about $800 million of share repurchases, with approximately $200 million of
shares during the first quarter. Over the course of the year, we will evaluate our share repurchase program
and provide updates as appropriate.

Turning to working capital. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding came in at 77 days this quarter, up
slightly compared to the fourth quarter of last year. In the quarter, inventories increased by $29 million in
comparison to the prior year quarter, driven by planned inventory build related to both Brexit contingency
planning and to support the continued ramp of our new products.

As we look forward to the year ahead, I'd like to provide some broader context on our full year 2020
guidance. To summarize several points that Chris mentioned earlier, we expect increasing benefits from
our recent new product introductions, TA Instruments returning to growth, stable conditions in the LC
pharma market and stability in China, but note that potential impacts from the coronavirus outbreak
have not been factored into our guidance. These dynamics support full year 2020 guidance for constant
currency sales growth of 1% to 3%.

At current rates, currency translation is assumed to be approximately neutral to 2020 sales growth.
Gross margin guidance for the full year is expected to be in the range of 58% to 58.5%. Every year, we
look to balance growth, investment and profitability. Accordingly, we expect 2020 operating margins of
approximately 30% based on a combination of growth investments, normalization of variable expenses
and disciplined expense controls.

Moving below the operating income line. Other key assumptions for full year guidance are net interest
expense of $50 million to $52 million, full year effective tax rate of 14% to 15%, an average diluted share
count of approximately 62.5 million shares outstanding, and lastly, modest dilution from the acquisition of
Andrew Alliance.

Rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2020 earnings per fully diluted share are
projected in the range of $9.15 to $9.40, which assumes a negative currency impact on full year earnings
per share growth of approximately 1 percentage point.

Looking at the first quarter of 2020, we expect constant currency sales growth to be flat to 2%. At today's
rate, currency translation is expected to decrease first quarter sales growth by less than 1 percentage
point. First quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share is estimated to be in the range of $1.55
to $1.65. At current rates, the negative currency impact on first quarter earnings per share growth is
expected to be approximately 1 percentage point.

Chris will now make a few summary comments. Chris?

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Great. Thank you, Sherry. In summary, our fourth quarter played out largely as we expected with
the continuation of macro headwinds similar to what we saw throughout 2019. That said, we saw an
encouraging uptick of sales in our newly released products in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

As we look to 2020, our focus is on execution to deliver improving growth and balancing our industry-
leading profitability with the right investments to support our innovation strategy and long-term growth as
well as a consistent return of capital to shareholders.
With that, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

The first question is coming from Vijay Kumar, Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Chris, just one on -- share all the colors on end markets on the guidance, specifically, when you look at
the end markets, right, pharma, industrial, what are you assuming for 2020? Are you assuming pharma --
some of the weakness we saw in North America customers, is some of that coming back? Industrial, any
thoughts on how that segment is going to shake out? TA did that decline? And then I have 1 follow-up,
please.

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Sure. Thanks for the question, Vijay. As you know, we had a really variable set of market conditions
throughout 2019. And certainly, the business mix we have was particularly impacted in part by some of
the geographic considerations in China, the large mix we have in LC small mol pharma and some of the
industrial categories. As we turn the page to 2020, our starting point is really just a carryover of market
conditions from 2019. We're not assuming an acceleration until we see clear change in the market within
each geography and category. We're looking to balance both the opportunities and the risks.

With regard to pharma, as you point out, our assumptions include continued robust performance in large
molecule pharma market, which is about 30% of our mix overall, and continued softness in the small
molecule market, which is 70% of our mix. And that's why we have a kind of a moderate view of the
pharma market at this point.

From an industrial standpoint, the biggest impacts we saw, and you referenced TA, were in large polymer
and chemicals companies. If you look at our top 20 accounts, say, within TA, those are the big global
industrial polymers and chemicals companies. They were really soft through the year and particularly
in the fourth quarter. Interestingly enough, in TA, we actually added more new accounts last year than
we ever have to try to make up for that. But when the very large companies are down, it's challenging
to overcome that. And I would also say that we do support those same customers through our Waters-
branded products as well, and we saw the same exact phenomenon on the Waters side as we saw in TA in
that industrial polymers and chemicals.

So again, our assumption there is we're not assuming a major rebound, but we are assuming stable
conditions. And so until we see some different conditions where -- we thought it was prudent to just
assume a continuation of some of the continued -- some of the conditions we saw in '19 into the early part
of '20, and we'll update as we go along.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's helpful. And Sherry, just on the EPS guidance here. It looks like you're assuming a step-down in
margins here. I'm just curious. Is this a continuation of the gross margin dynamic that we saw in '19? Or
is this a step-up in maybe some of the commercial activities to support the new product launches? And
why would tax rate step up?

Sherry L. Buck
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So you've got a couple of questions buried in there, Vijay, so I'll try to cover them all. When you look
at our gross margins and really our operating margins, the lower gross margin guide, I'd say, overall, is
really a function of our top line growth. Peeling that back down a little bit, when you think about our gross

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

margin, the 2 biggest levers on our gross margin are volume leverage and FX. And years when we've
had higher gross margins in the 59% range, we had mid-single-digit-plus growth. So I'd say the gross
margin's really a function of our top line guide.

And similarly, with our operating margin and our operating expenses coming into 2020, we're really trying
to strike a balance between growth, investment and profitability. And so we're continuing to invest in R&D
and commercial capabilities. We also have some headwind coming into 2020 with normalization of our
variable costs and some expenses for Andrew Alliance. So that's our inputs for our guide of 30% operating
margin.

Moving on to the tax rate that you asked about. We ended the quarter -- fourth quarter tax rate more
favorable than we were expecting. That was due to some discrete items in the quarter as well as the mix
of our profits and our tax jurisdictions, and we're not expecting that to repeat in 2020. So after we came
out of tax reform, we're really looking at our tax rate for the business to be in that range of 14% to 15%.

Operator

Next question is coming from Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Chris, I'll start with the guide. If I go back to our conference a couple of weeks ago, you were highlighting
mid-single digits. I know that may be a longer-term target, but if I think about the drivers here, you've
got new products. You did highlight easy comps. Can you maybe just, in your view, talk about what it
takes to get this business back to mid-single digit and how much you're expecting from new products this
year? In other words, is the portfolio declining if you back out some of these new product launches?

And then also on gross margins. Is there any pricing headwind in there? I know you called out FX and
fixed cost. But was there any pricing sensitivity as well?

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Sure. Thanks, Tycho. Appreciate the question. Yes, absolutely. We think the underlying market dynamics
are -- and fundamentals over the long term are really strong. The underlying secular demand drivers,
our unique competitive position and our strategy would, over time, under more normal market condition
scenario, continue to support a mid-single-digit kind of long-range target. And that's exactly what we were
talking about -- at your conference is our belief and our confidence in the underlying fundamentals of the
market on a long-term basis.

And clearly, the difference between that and our immediate near-term outlook is simply a function of
some of the challenges that we faced in the markets where we're particularly exposed. And to be -- to
not assume that those change overnight that, as I mentioned before, that the starting point is more of a
carryover from the conditions that we saw. And so in terms of what it would take to get back up into the
mid-single-digit plus, it's really a normalization in demand in a couple of key market segments, notably,
the small molecule pharma segment, certainly, general conditions within China returning to reasonable
growth and a stabilization of the industrial markets.

We don't have to get huge growth out of the industrial markets. We have to get modest growth out of
the industrial markets and then more of a historic norm in terms of the pharma business. As I mentioned
before, the large molecule pharma space has continued to stay robust for the market and for Waters
through this whole period, and so it's really about that small molecule space perking up. And certainly,
with some of the deferred investment in that space, we do see pent-up demand building, but until we see
it come back into the market, we'll continue to remain cautious.

As it relates to pricing, there's nothing unusual in terms of pricing in our assumptions. We have seen quite
stable pricing on the instrument side. We continue to put small increases through on the recurring revenue

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

side. And despite the gross margin dynamics Sherry talked about in FX and all these other things, we've
seen no deterioration in our trade margin. So anyway, that's how I'd summarize all of that.

Sherry L. Buck
Senior VP & CFO

I'd just like to add on, on the gross margin for the quarter, just to break that down a little bit. Gross
margin in the quarter was impacted by about 90 basis points of FX, and the remainder of that lower gross
margin year-over-year was fixed cost absorption and mix.

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then just to flesh out a couple of pressure points you highlighted for China, is your assumption
for 4+7, that round 3, doesn't present an incremental headwind? And then any budget delay issues?
We heard about that in the high-end market from some of your peers. And then, Chris, separately, you
flagged clinical soft. I'm just wondering if you can elaborate on that issue.

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Let me try to cover those, Tycho. In terms of round 3, on the GPO, the 4+7, let me just quickly
summarize. It was about a year ago that we were coming to grips and the market was coming to grips
with what was really a pilot phase of the 4+7, 25 drugs in 11 cities. The second round extended that
same set of 25 drugs to 27 provinces, more widespread and accounted for multiple winners per -- the
third round bidding has been completed. There are 33 drugs that have been bid, and this is across 32
provinces. And so I think, as I said in my prepared remarks, we've seen a pragmatic response from the --
from our customers in this. Clearly, there's a shift in the market underway from a market that was more
purely focused on generic drugs to a market that's being encouraged to scale in that way, maybe in a
more price-competitive way, to bend the cost curve on generic drugs while encouraging investment in the
innovation sector. And actually, a lot of our customers are quite excited about that possibility. And there's
a couple of other regulations coming into the market that should support that, including the 2020 CHP or
Chinese Pharmacopeia, modernization of QC methods as well as revised drug administration law, which
encourages more R&D.

So I think taking all that into account, our assumption is for stability, but not necessarily a big bounce
back, but we think the foundations are being put in place for a sustainable growth picture in the future,
and we're investing to take advantage of that where it comes.

I think you asked about high-end capital purchases as well, if I understood the question correctly. Towards
the end of the year, we actually saw a nice improvement in our high-res mass spec sales because of
our new product launches. The Cyclic IMS and the SYNAPT XS in the high-resolution category finished
the year on a strong note. Those were back-half product introductions, and we're excited about a
reestablished leading position in that space and think there's opportunity this year. But we also saw a lot
of encouragement -- encouraging activity in the BioAccord, which continued to ramp through the year.
In fact, we sold more units in Q4 of BioAccord than we sold in the first 3 quarters combined, so we think
we have good momentum there. And baking that all in, we're assuming about 1 point of new product
increment in our -- in terms of our results into 2020.

Your last point, I think, was on clinical. That tends to be a fairly lumpy business. It's a smaller part of
our business overall, about 6% of our revenue. It does get baked into our trade class reporting number
on pharma, so it was a slight detriment to pharma. We grew -- we've grown over more rolling periods,
a couple of 3-year periods, the clinical business pretty consistently and pretty well. And clinical business
remains a priority for the company. And we think there's going to be ramping demand over time for mass
spec-based assays, particularly in newborn screening and therapeutic drug monitoring. So it tends to be a
lumpier business, and -- but we stay very focused on building our technology portfolio there.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

The next question is coming from Dan Brennan, UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Chris, I wanted to address kind of the LC small molecule market where you've obviously highlighted that
you're feeling the pain more than peers. Could you just discuss a little bit about market conditions versus
share loss or anything on the relative market share trends? And then importantly, kind of what drives the
improvement here? What are the signpost towards like why this market kind of will recover? I know you
talked about pill count and generic and population growth, which sounds great, but it's really hard for us
to distill that back to the model, particularly as there's all this excitement over burgeoning up biologic
pipelines.

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Sure. Yes. Thanks, Dan. I think as we look at the overall market, we've seen consistent feedback from
a lot of different sources that the small mol market has been in a tougher growth environment recently.
And what's most different about Waters is that we have such a large exposure there with pharma being
about 55% of our revenue overall and small mol being 70% of that. We're simply more exposed. As you
know, we have a unique mix that's in our LC business that's pharma-heavy and is QC-heavy. And so where
we play and what we see, we see our share as very stable. We're specked into the majority of workflows.
And within our installed base, the purchasing can come and go with capital purchasing cycles, but we see
the underlying utilization very clearly with our service and our chemistry business. And our chemistry
business, by the way, in pharma has remained very solid through this cycle. Chemistry is in pharma on
a global basis, is consistently up in the mid- to high single digits, which underscores the stability of that
installed base. And so our focus is simply to continue to serve our customers and position ourselves to
take advantage of when demand returns. Certainly, there have been some unique factors in the pharma
LC market. The tailwinds, if you will, in the middle part of the decade, particularly in China and India,
yielded to some headwinds as we got to the end of the decade with China and India. And on top of that,
the U.S. generic market has been a tougher environment in the last year with a spike in user fees and
some litigation noise in the environment. So I think we understand it all very well. We think the market
is fundamentally attractive, as you point out in your question. We've continued to invest in our portfolio,
and we're expanding our technology portfolio in LC, and we're excited for a rebound in that market when it
occurs.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Great, Chris. And then maybe just 1 follow-up to Tycho's question, just on new products. I know
you've talked about 1 point contribution. It still seems pretty modest given the number of new products
and the time you spend highlighting the unique features here. So can you just flesh out some details
maybe a little bit? I know you don't want to get in too far in the weeds on the math behind that. But why
can't the impact be larger? And what should we look for at kind of signpost towards the success of these
new products?

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Sure, sure. Well, we're committed to continuing to update these on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And like
I said, the product launches, particularly on the mass specs side last year, were spread across the year,
the larger systems geared towards the back half of the year while the BioAccord came in earlier and was a
market development process. That really began to bear some meaningful fruit by the end of the year.

I'd say, in very simple terms, Dan, the overall impact of the new products is somewhat impacted by the
market conditions that we face in our business. You can see segments where those products have a more
prominent impact have done better, such as the governmental and academic category, the large molecule
category. And so as market conditions improve, we should see a bigger impact of new products. But like I
said at the top of the call, the prudent assumption heading into the year is a starting point that's more of
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

a carryover of those market conditions until we see the change, clearly, in our business. And so we have
taken, I think, a pragmatic approach to forecasting the impact of the new products, but are -- continue to
be very, very excited about them. And certainly, the innovation strategy generally and the gains in R&D
productivity we're achieving inside are really motivating the team and making us excited for what's ahead
as market conditions stabilize.

Operator

The next question is coming from Derik Bruin, Bank of America.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

A couple of questions. So first one is -- and they're interrelated. The first one is the contribution from the
Andrew that's sort of embedded into your M&A for revenue contribution in 2020. And then just sort of
looking at the guidance you've given for the share buyback, roughly $800 million for the full year, $200
million in the first quarter. By our math, it's [indiscernible] take you about 2x levered by the end of the
year, sort of being $400 million to $500 million out there. And going back to the first comment on the
M&A. Is that $400 million to $500 million slug money on the table for potential deal activity to sort of get
you to the 2.5x or is the 2.5x somewhere in the future? Just sort of general thoughts on sort of what's
involved in the math.

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Thanks, Derik. Appreciate it. Let me make a couple of quick comments on Andrew, and then Sherry can
talk a little about the buyback program and the leverage targets and so forth. And I'm happy to add to it
as well. But Andrew Alliance, we're super excited about that technology. One of the most consistent things
that I've heard from customers as I go around regularly is the pressure point on sample preparation and
sample automation on the front end of a lot of analyses, and Andrew is truly a next-generation technology
platform in robotics but also in a cloud-ready software to tie it all together and to automate and replicate
experiments in a much more effective way. We're not going to break out revenue at this point. It's fairly
modest in the big scheme of the world. And we're also trying to get a handle on the opportunity not just
to sell Andrew products, but the beneficial impact that will have on pulling through Waters instruments,
which is a big part of our logic. The integration is going really well. In fact, the Andrew team's in town,
and I had a chance to sit down with them yesterday. And the people within our chemistry organization
that are leading the charge as well as the Andrew people couldn't be more excited. Everybody from
the organization is staying and working very closely together to take advantage of the opportunity. So
we'll give updates as we move along and look forward to sharing some more of that technology with the
investment community.

Sherry L. Buck
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. And Derik, just to follow up on the capital allocation question. As you know, after we came out of tax
reform, we started working towards a more optimal capital structure, and we've been executing against
that plan over the last couple of years with the higher return of capital through share buybacks. So as
we look at going into 2020, there's a variety of factors that we look at, our priorities from a business
standpoint, our performance, et cetera, and really looking at repurchases this year of about $800 million,
and that would put us, based upon our guide we gave today, in the low 2x leverage ratio. And so the
factors that could increase us towards our kind of near-term goal of 2.5x could be M&A opportunities. So
we just look at all the different factors. And this is where we set our guide for the full year, and we'll look
at it each quarter and make adjustments there, updates as we go through the year.

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes, Derik. As you know, it's hard to forecast that. While we do have a good pipeline, we are very, very
selective. We have been involved in a number of different situations and chosen to move forward just very

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

selectively, but it is purposeful and it is proactive. And we'll just have to take it as it comes, but continue
to focus on those investments in terms of what they can do for our growth, what they could do for the
accretion of EPS over time as well as the returns on invested capital, which are our key metrics there.

Operator

The next question is coming from Doug Schenkel, Cowen.

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

All right. I just want to start on margins, and then I just want to ask a couple of clarification questions as
we think about the outlook for growth in 2020.

So starting on margins. As I'm sure you guys appreciate, a key pillar to the bear thesis on Waters over
good times and bad has been the argument that you're pretty close to peak operating margin. And I can
see where your guidance for 2020 feeds into this a bit, especially given, I think, this would translate into
year 4 of operating margin coming in between 30% and 31%. How would you address that argument?
And building off of this, how would you like investors to measure the success of your planned 2020
investments and over what time frame? And I guess the third part of this is for 2020, specifically, and this
is really just to clean up, how much of an impact does Andrew Alliance have on operating margins?

Sherry L. Buck
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Doug, this is Sherry. I'll start off maybe with the last question there about Andrew Alliance. We
haven't done a breakout all the detailed line items specifically. There is some impact on operating margin
-- operating margins and operating expenses, and we gave in our guide that it's slightly dilutive to our
overall EPS. So a modest amount there.

And when you think about our margins, the 30% margin, one of the things we have in 2020 here is some
normalization of prior year variable cost. That's a headwind for us. But as we look at our overall operating
margins and getting beyond the 30%, it's really a function of our top line growth. So as we get back to
our goal of being mid-single digits or above, that's when we have opportunity for higher operating margins
and expansion. And so that's kind of the factor around that.

As far as measuring some of the investments we're making, I'd say, 2 key areas where we're investing
for growth is continuing to invest in our R&D pipeline. And that's really continuing to keep our product
pipeline robust and bringing new products to market. And that will play out in the top line growth. And
also we're investing in commercial capabilities, so tools for our sales force, and so our salesforce.com, it,
again, should play out in top line growth metrics. So that's kind of how we're looking at the investments
we're making in the business.

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And in terms of 2020 growth, you're targeting 2% total revenue growth. I think you
talked about new products giving you about 1 point. You noted that LC is expected to be stable and TA is
expected to return to growth. I think, just by process of elimination, this leads us to conclude that you're
expecting another year of moderating growth for Waters' recurring revenue. I just want to make sure
we're not missing something up here. And I guess, cutting to the chase, do you expect Waters' division
recurring revenue to get up into the 4% to 5% range? Or right now, are you embedding an assumption
that it's going to be a little bit lower than that?

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes, let me take a comment on that, Doug, and Sherry can add to it as well. I see how you're piecing
apart the math. And certainly, as we've said, we -- our assumption coming into the year is just
stable conditions. Nothing really better from the standpoint of the type of conditions we saw until it

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

actually comes through in the business plus some benefit of new products. And actually, our recurring
revenue assumption is very consistent in the coming year with where we've been. We saw a solid
recurring revenue performance in 2019 with some improvement over the course of the year, some
steady improvement over the course of the year and a really solid Q4. But all in, the recurring revenue
assumption stays about the same. And really, that does imply an instrument assumption that is flat to
maybe slightly down at the midpoint, but we think that's prudent and consistent with what we saw in the
prior year before the effect of new products. So I think a very balanced outlook that balances opportunity
and risk, and obviously, looking forward to updating that over the course of the year.

Operator

The next question is coming from Dan Arias, Stifel.

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Chris, just following up on the BioAccord. Obviously, 1Q can be a choppy spending quarter in pharma just
given the budget situation. Are you expecting BioAccord performance to be up sequentially? Do you think
that the new product momentum has placements or contributions up quarter-over-quarter? Or is the 4Q to
1Q spending dynamic the bigger factor there?

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Thanks, Dan. Thanks for the question. BioAccord, we thought, was a good story over the course of
the year, a lot of excellent foundational work throughout -- to get as many customers' exposure to it as
we could to work into some budget cycles for potential year-end money, and we saw a nice benefit there.
Like I mentioned, we sold more BioAccords in Q4 than we sold in Q1 through Q3 combined. As it relates
to Q1, we've seen quite a stable or modest purchasing dynamic in Q1 on a fairly regular basis. And so
we're not making any huge assumptions for Q1, as you know, from our top line guide of flat to 2%. We're
expecting, in a way, a modest quarter in Q1, consistent with sort of prior year experience. But -- so we're
not necessarily expecting a sequential move on BioAccord from Q4 to Q1, but certainly, we're expecting a
nice sequential move from '19 to '20 for the year overall to be very positive for BioAccord.

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then, Sherry, maybe just staying with profitability. This could be a little bit of a tough one. But if
you just look at the combined margin profile of the BioAccord, the Cyclic IMS and the SYNAPT, is that any
different than the corporate average? I'm just trying to understand that there's a benefit to be had there
as new product introduction -- new product contributions pick up?

Sherry L. Buck
Senior VP & CFO

I think, as we look at our new products, obviously, when we're bringing new products to market, we're
looking at our customer demands and have financial hurdles for those business cases. And so I'd say that
the operating margins on the -- particularly some of these mass spec products are at or a little bit above
our company average.

Operator

Next question is coming from Paul Knight of Janney.

Paul Richard Knight
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division

Chris, you had mentioned in your comments that you'll see a more sustainable market introduction or
a more sustainable new product introduction to cadence. Can you talk to that statement? Is there --
obviously, BioAccord seems to be pacing well. What else is different that you make that comment?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Sure. Absolutely, Paul. Thanks. Yes, we've done a significant amount of work in the R&D function across
the company and are really excited about our platform strategy. So we've done a ton of work in the
last 4 years to establish next-generation system components that can really serve as the foundation for
systems, more of a systems architecture with our products, where we effectively move from a kind of a
spot innovation model of one instrument at a time to families and value streams of instruments that can
be produced more repeatable cadence into the future. And BioAccord is a really good example of that.
So the fundamental architecture of BioAccord, which had common system controller, a new software and
firmware architecture and new hardware components that are durable over time, can be spun on a routine
basis to bring more capability into the market.

The original BioAccord launch a little -- about a year ago now, carried 3 core applications of protein
peptides and glycans. We successfully launched a new application in December, at the end of the year, for
oligonucleotides, which is a really significant need in the marketplace and has been very well received by
our customers. And the BioAccord platform will spin again sometime this year. And so as I've commented
before, BioAccord as a family, as a value stream is a platform that we can -- we'll spin 5 to 7 to 8 to 10
different versions over the coming years, depending on customer needs, but to bring new capability to
the marketplace on a routine basis. You can certainly apply that same thinking for systems architecture to
our other value streams and see where we may be going. And in addition to that, we've had the chance to
largely complete development and to begin the early commercialization process on waters_connect, which
is our next-generation software platform. So we've done a lot of the foundational work to move towards
a more sustainable cadence of new product introductions based on more of a systems philosophy and
excited about what that'll yield.

Operator

The next question is coming from Steve Beuchaw, Wolfe Research.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

I was going to ask you, Chris, one about the top line. And then I had a couple of margin questions for
Sherry if we have time for that. Chris, I wonder if you could put a little bit more color around the trends
in TA. Did the dynamics that you saw in the quarter with some of your larger chemical customers, were
those in line with expectations? Were those a surprise? And how do you expect that to play into the first
half of 2020?

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

Sure. Like I mentioned, Steve, the trends in TA were very much dominated by large polymer and
chemicals companies. About 2/3 of our revenue in TA is sold into the polymers and chemicals world. And
as you might imagine, we've got some large accounts in that space. I would say it was softer than we
expected coming into the quarter but directionally consistent. We saw those trends really all year long
among those top customers, and that's why I made the comment earlier that we spent a fair amount of
time actually creating new accounts. And that's actually exciting for the future because we've opened up
some new ground. But some of the newer, smaller accounts that were added in greater numbers than ever
before just can't make up for the big, large customers, which we expected to be soft at the end of the
year, but ended up being a lot softer than even our forecast. I think when we step back and look at the big
picture, those customers are still great customers. We have a very strong leading market share position
in all these technologies, very strong and stable team. And so looking at a year ahead, we expect those
type of market conditions to stabilize. And as I mentioned also we did see a lot of the same patterns in our
advanced polymer characterization product line and some of the other things we do on the Waters side in
LC-MS in some of those similar types of accounts. So I think we understand the picture pretty well, and
we're just focused on returning that. The other thing we're going to benefit from TA this coming year is
we've got some exciting new product launches that we'll talk more about as we get into the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And then, Sherry, as we're all trying to get underlying margin and spend trends, I wonder if you
might take a stab at just speaking to the underlying ex currency operating expense growth if it was, hey,
we didn't have Andrew added in the year. Would operating expenses accelerate and by how much?

And then just for those who are wondering about mix dynamics, can you just remind us what the mix
spread is at the gross or EBIT line between the TA business and the Waters business?

Sherry L. Buck
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So maybe to peel back a little bit your question on the operating expenses, over the course of the
year, Andrew -- without Andrew Alliance, it has a modest impact. So really, the bigger drivers as we
looked at the increase in our operating expenses and related to our operating margin guide is really
investments we're making in the business, with R&D and commercial capabilities. And then normalization
of variable expenses from 2019 are the bigger drivers on operating expense and operating margin. And
then could you repeat your second question?

Christopher James O'Connell
President, CEO & Chairman

I think we might be finishing the call here. So I think we're a little bit over time, and maybe Steve's
microphone is not live there.

So let me just wrap up the call. And Steve, we can certainly follow up on your question off-line here as
well as everybody else. But I want to thank everyone for your participation and questions.

Despite the more challenging capital purchasing dynamics in 2019, we remain focused on executing on our
innovation strategy, and we are excited with our early progress. While our end markets have shown some
near-term volatility, we are confident in their long-term growth potential and continue to invest for growth
in R&D, commercial operations and purposeful acquisitions.

So on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest
in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q1 2020 call, which we currently
anticipate holding on April 28, 2020. Thank you, and have a great day.

Operator
This will conclude today's conference. All parties may disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

WATERS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

