Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:WBA
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 09, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.20

0.83

(30.83 %)

1.33

5.46

5.88

Revenue  (mm)

34318.01

34631.00

0.91

34402.57

139079.47

143284.12

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-09-2020 1:13 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

1.41

1.41

1.46

1.20

1.43

1.37

1.52

0.83

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1.42 %

(2.84 %)

4.11 %

(30.83 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Gerald Gradwell
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Stefano Pessina
Executive Vice Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Third
Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice
President of Investor Relations and Special Projects. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.

Gerald Gradwell
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our Third Quarter Earnings Call. On the call with me
today are Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots
Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of
Walgreens Boots Alliance.

Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the
legal safe harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in
this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive
and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
vary materially. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this
presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise.
Please see our latest forms 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking
statements and note in particular that these forward-looking statements may be affected by risks relating
to the spread and impact of the coronavirus/COVID pandemic.

In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix
in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most
directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You'll find a link to the webcast on
our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and
webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months.

I will now hand you over to Stefano.

Stefano Pessina
Executive Vice Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Gerald, and good morning, everyone. This quarter, once again, a main theme for our call has
to be the global COVID pandemic and how it has impacted our business. So I want to start once again by
thanking our people for their outstanding effort and dedication in the service of their local communities
despite facing challenging situations. Our teams have continued to work tirelessly, demonstrating
exemplary dedication and commitment to help ensure continued availability of medicine and advice to our
patients and to maintain as efficient a supply chain as possible to our own pharmacies and our wholesale
customers. Our priority is to protect the health and well-being of our customers and our people as we
work to serve our communities, playing an essential role in the health care systems in many countries
around the world.

We made clear on our last earnings call that we had only begun to see the impact of the COVID virus. In
this quarter, the full extent of that impact is all too apparent. COVID has impacted all of our markets, but
for us, the impact has been more significant in the U.S. and especially in the U.K. markets. The immediate
measures to address the spread of the virus have fundamentally changed the way our customers have had
to approach managing their health and their daily shopping needs.

As lockdowns and restrictions were introduced, we saw significant declines in footfall in our stores, at
times, reducing to a fraction of the pre-COVID levels. At the same time, we needed to keep the majority
of our locations open to help ensure the timely supply of medication and to continue the vital support

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

we offer people in our local communities. We have leveraged all the resources available to us in order to
maintain our services while ensuring adequate safeguard are in place to protect our teams and customers.

As you would expect, we have seen unprecedented demand for home delivery and for online services.
The development of these services is a core strategy for us, and during the crisis, we have significantly
increased our capacity to serve this demand.

We believe that as the situation resolve, the process of lifting restrictions will be progressive, and we
expect the return to a normalized state will take some time. Furthermore, we also believe that it is highly
likely that certain aspects of customer behavior may change permanently. Obviously, we have taken a
hard look to our key strategic priorities and validated that they are still very relevant.

As you know, our digitalization program was 1 of our 4 key strategic priorities, and you will see
an acceleration of these over the coming months together with the major expansion of our mass
personalization and customer engagement platform that our recently announced agreement with Adobe
and Microsoft will deliver.

We are also accelerating our Transformational Cost Management Program. A strong focus on controlling
and reducing costs, it's even more important now. Investing the savings to drive future growth is one of
our top priorities.

Of course, we remain absolutely committed to developing our health care offering across our network
and making our store major health destinations. We have taken a key strategic step forward here by
expanding our partnership with VillageMD. This brings physicians and pharmacies together, both in
physical location and through a virtual platform. It will also allow both companies to accelerate our
virtual health care solutions and fits well with our own digital strategy. We believe the capability to access
physicians alongside pharmacists in a closer and more coordinated manner is the future of community
health care.

I have already taken the first steps to ensure that as a management team, we accelerate our strategy
with appropriate focus and clarity. I have asked Alex and Ornella, our Co-Chief Operating Officers, to
become more geographically focused rather than dividing their responsibilities by operational discipline.
Recognizing the significance of Walgreens as our largest single business, Alex will now focus entirely on
our U.S. operations. Boots will now reporting to Ornella, along with the rest of our international operation.

Our businesses were broadly on track prior to the COVID crisis. Both Alex and Ornella are very clear on
the need for us to move quickly to ensure we emerge from the current situation in a position of strength
and prepare to return to sustainable long-term growth.

I will now ask James and Alex to take you through our earnings presentation. James?

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Thank you, Stefano, and good morning. As you have seen from our earnings release, our third quarter
results were significantly impacted by COVID. Firstly, the Boots impairment charge led to a third quarter
EPS loss of $1.95, and constant currency adjusted EPS was 43.4% lower than prior year. This decline was
mostly due to an estimated negative COVID impact of $0.61 to $0.65.

Retail Pharmacy USA delivered sequential improvement in total comp sales with continued improvement
in retail performance offsetting a slowdown in scripts. We were faced with significant footfall declines
across most of our markets in Retail Pharmacy International and especially in the U.K. This was only partly
compensated by much-faster growth from our online businesses. And finally, Pharmaceutical Wholesale
delivered yet another strong performance.

The other 2 bright spots in the quarter were cost management and cash flow. A little later, I'll talk you
through the great progress we are making on our Transformational Cost Management Program. In
summary, we are increasing our annual cost savings target to in excess of $2 billion by 2022.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

I do want to highlight that we remain in a solid financial position. Year-to-date free cash flow was $2.4
billion, up 24% versus prior year. During the quarter, we moved quickly to increase our financial flexibility
by over $5 billion. And today, we announced a 2.2% increase in our dividend.

First, let's look at the estimated impact of COVID on the third quarter results. Overall, we estimate a
negative adjusted operating income impact of $700 million to $750 million. However, COVID impacted
each of our divisions very differently. In Walgreens, solid comp retail sales performance partly offset lower
gross margins and a fall-off in scripts versus pre-COVID levels. Comp script growth decelerated due to a
drop in doctors' visits and hospital admissions. Comp scripts slowed from 4.9% in the pre-COVID second
quarter to 0.4% in the current quarter, consistent with the market as a whole. By contrast, U.S. retail
grew faster in the third quarter with comp store sales up 1.9% compared to 0.6% in the second quarter.
Although foot traffic was down around 20%, this was more than offset by a bigger basket.

While retail comp sales improved, gross margin was under pressure as consumer spending shifted from
higher-margin discretionary categories to lower-margin essential categories and more customers shopped
online. Adjusted retail gross margin declined by 85 basis points versus prior year, whereas in the second
quarter, gross margin was 65 basis points higher than the prior year period.

We managed SG&A quite well. COVID-related operational costs were a little over $100 million in the
quarter, including onetime bonus payments for certain employees and higher cleaning and safety cost.

Our U.K. retail businesses were sharply impacted and accounted for around 46% of the overall impact
on adjusted operating income. And ultimately, our review led to $2 billion of impairment charges in the
quarter. Strict lockdown conditions led to a sharp reduction in high street footfall, and Boots U.K. retail
comps declined 48% in the quarter. We did much better on our online business. Boots.com delivered very
strong growth with sales up 78% in the quarter. Orders exploded, and we quickly added new capacity to
meet demand. And boots.com exited the quarter in much stronger shape.

However, this came at a cost. Retail gross margin declined 440 basis points in the quarter as a result of
higher fulfillment cost, reflecting increased online orders, and a significant shift from in-store pickup to
home delivery. Boots U.K. was also hit by higher operational costs, but these were largely offset by U.K.
government programs, including temporary abatement of property taxes.

Let's now look in more detail at the results. Third quarter sales were up 0.1% and up 1.2% on a constant
currency basis with the performance held back by an estimated COVID impact of around 2%. Adjusted
operating income declined 46.4% on a constant currency basis almost entirely due to COVID, which
accounted for over 40 percentage points of the year-on-year decline.

Let's turn now to the financial performance for the first 9 months of the year. Constant currency sales
increased 2.5%. On a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS declined 18.3% with around 13 to 14
percentage points of the decline coming from the COVID impacts we encountered in the third quarter.

Let's now look at the performance of our divisions, starting with Retail Pharmacy USA. Sales increased
3.2% in the quarter. Total comp sales increased 3%, slightly faster than the second quarter growth rate.
Adjusted gross profit was down 8.7% with declines in both pharmacy and retail. Retail gross margin
declined versus pre-COVID levels due to higher fulfillment costs and adverse product mix. Adjusted SG&A
spend decreased 0.4% versus prior year despite over $100 million of COVID-related cost in the third
quarter. Adjusted operating income declined 38.4%, of which we estimate the COVID impact accounted for
around 26 percentage points of the year-on-year decline.

Now let's look in more detail at our pharmacy business, which encountered a slowdown in comp script
growth compared to the previous quarter. Total pharmacy sales increased 4.6% versus prior year due
to higher brand inflation and specialty sales. Central specialty sales continued to grow nicely, up 15.9%
versus prior year. Comp pharmacy sales were up 3.5%, and this was pretty much in line with the second
quarter but with a different composition. As mentioned earlier, comp script growth slowed to 0.4% growth
in the quarter, and this was quite a bit lower than the pre-COVID second quarter growth of 4.9%. This
was partly offset by higher brand inflation. While comp scripts declined 5% in both April and May, we are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

encouraged to see improved script growth in June of around 8%. Note that this includes some benefit from
phasing and the dayfall-adjusted figure is closer to 3%.

Turning next to our U.S. retail business, which delivered improved revenue growth, although with a lower
gross margin. Retail sales declined 0.7% in the quarter, including the impact of store closures. Comp sales
increased 1.9%, a sequential improvement from the second quarter. Excluding tobacco and e-cigarettes,
comps were up 3.5%. Although consumers were shopping less frequently, they were buying more per
visit. Our flagship health and wellness category performed particularly well, up around 9%, led by demand
for vitamins and new PPE products. Personal care grew 5% and grocery was up 8% despite a weaker
Easter. Discretionary categories remained under pressure with beauty down 9% and photo down 34%.
Geographically, we are seeing buoyant sales in rural areas with the overall result held back by sizable
declines in urban locations.

Turning now to store gross margin. And I should point out that it is a slightly different definition than the
adjusted gross margin numbers used on Slide #5. Store gross margin represents scanned gross margin,
and it is a good measure of core margin movements as it is less impacted by timing or phasing.

In the third quarter, store gross margin declined 80 basis points versus prior year, and this compares
unfavorably to the 95 basis point increase we delivered in the second quarter. This negative impact was
due to a shift in consumer spend from higher-margin discretionary categories, such as photo and beauty,
to lower-margin everyday essentials. A good example here is the 34% decline in photo sales, which led to
a 90 basis points negative impact on gross margin. While store gross margin improved somewhat in June,
we are still tracking around 50 basis points below prior year levels. In May and June, we saw improved
retail sales trends as stay-at-home orders were relaxed, but footfall remains very weak, and it was only
partly compensated by strong dotcom sales.

Turning next to the Retail Pharmacy International division, which was most heavily impacted by COVID. As
usual, I'll talk to constant currency numbers. Sales declined 26.2% as the global COVID pandemic caused
severe disruption across all of our international markets. The U.K. had a more stringent lockdown than the
U.S. with stay-at-home orders imposed nationwide on the 23rd of March. As an essential retailer, most
Boots U.K. stores were required to remain open. However, high street footfall ground to a halt and fell by
as much as 85% at its peak. Additionally, our premium beauty and fragrance counters were closed for
almost 10 weeks. And given Boots' position as a leading beauty retailer, this had a significant impact on
comp sales. Additionally, on official advice, most of our 600 Optician stores were closed. The impact was
sizable as this business had annual sales of almost $500 million and comp sales declined by over 70% in
the quarter.

The combination of high fixed cost stores and sharp sales declines led to an adjusted operating loss of
$143 million in the third quarter compared to adjusted operating income of $165 million in the third
quarter of last year. Overall, the estimated COVID impact on adjusted operating income was $365 million
to $390 million.

On a brighter note, our retail JV in China is performing very strongly with third quarter percentage sales
growth in the mid-30s. As of the end of May, the JV had more than 5,700 stores.

Let's take a look now at some of the U.K. trends. Boots U.K. pharmacy comp sales declined 1%. We saw a
pull-forward of demand ahead of the lockdown but a decline in April and May, as you would expect, as the
pull-forward corrected and we saw fewer new prescriptions. Retail comp sales declined 48% in the quarter.
Note that retail comps do not include boots.com direct-to-home sales.

Again, we saw some increased demand prior to the lockdown but a very significant reduction after the
stay-at-home orders were imposed. As I've said, although the majority of our stores remained open,
footfall virtually ground to a halt, and Boots was not a destination for consumers making a single-weekly
grocery shopping trip.

By contrast, we saw very strong growth in our online business, and we moved quickly to increase capacity.
Towards the end of the quarter, volumes reached Black Friday levels on a daily basis, and May sales
increased almost 120% with June sales growth even higher. The success of our online business has been

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

encouraging, but it did have an adverse impact on retail gross margin, which fell 440 basis points year-on-
year, mostly due to higher fulfillment cost.

Since quarter end, comp retail sales have shown a gradual improvement. Almost all of our Boots U.K.
stores and the majority of Opticians are now open. But while we have seen a slow return of consumers for
the high street, footfall remains significantly down on last year, and we estimate comp retail sales decline
by around 40% in June.

Turning now to the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, which I'll also discuss in constant currency.
Pharmaceutical Wholesale delivered another strong performance with sales up 5.3% versus prior year, led
by the U.K. and Germany. Adjusted operating income increased 5.1%, reflecting sales growth and a higher
contribution from AmerisourceBergen partially offset by lower gross margin.

Turning next to free cash flow, which, on a year-to-date basis, increased 24% versus prior year. Free cash
flow was strong in the year-to-date period with $2.4 billion delivered in the first 9 months of the year,
up $467 million on the same period last year. We estimate a COVID-related inventory build of around
$500 million at quarter end, and this was mostly offset by reductions in capital expenditures and cash
inflows from government support initiatives. We took proactive action in the quarter to increase short-term
financial flexibility by $5.1 billion, including a $1.5 billion bond offering and $3.6 billion of credit capacity.

We are increasing our dividend for the 45th consecutive year, and we have decided to suspend activity
under our share repurchase program for the time being. Year-to-date, we repurchased $1.3 billion of
shares, whereas we previously targeted $1.75 billion for fiscal year 2020. Please note that our anti-dilutive
program is unaffected by this decision, and we will continue with our anti-dilutive share repurchases.

Next, let's go to the Transformational Cost Management Program, where we continue to overdeliver. We
are increasing our savings target to in excess of $2 billion in annual cost savings by fiscal 2022, reflecting
continued momentum and better line of sight to savings. Our store closure program is broadly on track,
and we're actually slightly ahead of target on the transition of our IT-run and operational services to TCS
by the end of the calendar year.

Last week, we selected Genpact as our long-term partner for our Finance for the Future program.
This multiyear program will lead to improved cost, capability and controls and help drive improved
business outcomes. Given the severity of the COVID impact in the U.K. and the uncertain outlook, we are
accelerating the transformation of our Boots U.K. and Opticians businesses. This reorganization will impact
more than 4,000 positions or around 7% of the workforce.

Now I'll give you some more detail on guidance. Last quarter, given the many variables surrounding
COVID, we decided to temporarily suspend guidance. Although there are still many uncertainties, we now
have a clearer understanding of the full year impact on our business. We are now introducing guidance for
fiscal year 2020 and expect adjusted EPS in a range of $4.65 to $4.75. Furthermore, we estimate the full
year impact of COVID to be in the region of $1.03 to $1.14 with the most significant impacts in the U.K.
While we do expect to see some improvement in sales trends, U.K. comp sales are expected to remain
very weak. Gross margins will remain under pressure in the short term, mainly due to adverse category
mix and higher fulfillment costs.

In the fourth quarter, we expect U.S. script growth of around 3% to 3.5%, and this remains below the
4.9% pre-COVID run rate. In U.S. retail, sales are off to a strong start in June and suggest a fourth
quarter comp sales growth of around 2% to 3%. However, the U.S. retail result will be held back by
continued adverse category mix. June margin is around 50 basis points below prior year and it's likely to
be in that kind of range for the rest of the quarter.

In the U.K., we expect Boots U.K. retail comps to decline by around 40% with retail gross margins down
around 400 to 500 basis points. As I said earlier, the U.K. margin declines are mostly due to increased
fulfillment costs, reflecting a significant increase in online sales and home delivery.

These assumptions lead to an adverse COVID operating income impact of around $500 million to $575
million for the fourth quarter with around 60% from international. A word of caution here. This guidance

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

is based on the trends we are seeing in the month of June and does not factor in a potential reversal of
these trends.

In summary, COVID had a significant impact on our third quarter results with an estimated $0.61 to $0.65
hit to adjusted EPS. We are seeing some improvement in sales and gross margin trends, but the nature
and duration of the recovery is uncertain. However, we are introducing full year adjusted EPS guidance
in a range of $4.65 to $4.75 as our best estimate of the likely full year outcome. This assumes COVID-
related adverse impacts of $1.03 to $1.14 per share.

While COVID has presented a huge challenge, we remain in a good financial position led by excellent free
cash flow delivery. We've increased our financial flexibility, we've suspended our share repurchase program
for the time being, and we're raising our dividend for the 45th consecutive year. What's important now is
that we're taking swift action both operationally and financially. We've raised our savings target for the
Transformational Cost Management Program, and we're quickly scaling up our omnichannel and health
care investments to spur future growth.

I'll now hand over to Alex, who will bring you through our plans for investing in future growth.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Thank you, James. As you've heard, the COVID pandemic has impacted all areas of our business. First and
foremost, I would like to send my sincere thanks to the incredible teams we have working in our stores
and behind the scenes. Our teams have faced many challenges to help ensure communities continue to
receive medications and services. Throughout this, the dedication on a daily basis to serving our patients
and our customers has been outstanding in what has been a very difficult time for many, both at work and
at home.

Now I'll update you on the significant progress we have made against our key strategic priorities, starting
with health care. As you know, creating neighborhood destinations across the country is one of our core
objectives. So I'm delighted that we've agreed a significant expansion of our partnership with VillageMD, a
major step forward for both of us. Our goal is to provide an integrated primary care and pharmacy model
that will drive better health outcomes, reduce costs and provide a differentiated patient experience to the
communities we serve.

We'll be opening between 500 and 700 colocated full service Village Medicals in more than 30 U.S.
markets within the next 5 years. These doctor-led clinics located at Walgreens pharmacies will provide
comprehensive primary care services and will focus on developing relationships with patients to manage
their long-term conditions. Once we've completed this initial rollout, we intend to build several hundred
more clinics in at least 20 additional U.S. markets.

Very importantly, beyond the physical locations, we will be developing home-based monitoring and
telemedicine services leveraging VillageMD's integrated data and technology and our own Find Care
platform. We're investing $1 billion of debt and equity in the partnership over the next 3 years, including a
$250 million equity investment announced yesterday. On completion of this investment, we expect to have
ownership interest of approximately 30% in VillageMD.

Another core strategic priority is the digitalization of our business, where we've taken significant steps
in the quarter. We're now accelerating our plans, and we'll be further increasing our investment in digital
initiatives in the coming months.

The pandemic has, of course, significantly increased demand for omnichannel products and more
convenient services. We've extended our reach to customers in-store and online, acting swiftly to provide
new products and significantly expand fulfillment services, for example, extending a drive-thru service
to include retail products, such as health and wellness and household essentials. Customers can now
order online in advance and have products ready to collect at around 7,300 drive-thru windows without
leaving the safety of their car. We're also rolling out curbside collection for online orders and other delivery
alternatives.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

Omnichannel performance in the quarter was very strong, as you'd expect, driven in part by changing
customer behavior during the pandemic. And we've increased capacity in our online operations threefold to
improve service to our customers. Sales on walgreens.com were up 23% versus prior year. Total digitally
initiated sales were also up around 23%, and mobile app traffic was up over 200%.

Finding alternative ways to receive care while staying safe has become paramount, with many turning to
telehealth offerings. Our Find Care platform traffic was up 48% versus the second quarter to over 3 million
visits and up 14-fold versus last year. Demand for a 1- to 2-day Walgreens Express pharmacy delivery
service with FedEx increased significantly, with the volume of prescriptions delivered up 78-fold since the
last quarter.

A program to roll out mass personalization facilitated by new technologies is already well advanced. For
the second straight quarter, this boosted retail performance, increasing sales in the third quarter by 95
basis points. Last week, we announced a strategic partnership with Microsoft and Adobe to launch a world-
class marketing technology and customer data resource which will form the basis of a new customer
engagement platform. This will further transform our already successful retail mass personalization
activities, allowing us to create a personal experience for each individual customer in pharmacy, health
care, wellness and beauty.

Turning next to our third strategic priority: To transform and restructure our retail offering. We have
expanded our role in the community during the pandemic to offer vital health care services. We are
working to establish a comprehensive testing solution across our U.S. store network to provide self
testing, in-store testing and lab-based testing solution that will provide every patient with virology and
serology tests as appropriate in a way that best suits their needs. To do this, we are working with a
number of partners, including expanding our partnership with LabCorp alongside other solutions to provide
the range and capacity of testing we need.

Looking forward, we are of course all hoping for a vaccine to develop soon. Once this happens, we believe
we will have a key role to play in protecting patients by administering the vaccine quickly to those who
need it among the 8 million customers we interact with daily.

Also in retail, we've upgraded our electronic accessory offering to focus on the high-quality brands that
customers are seeking, including an agreement with Apple to sell their branded accessories.

And finally, the benefits from the Kroger partnership have been even greater during the COVID pandemic,
and we're continuing to explore how we might be able to expand this partnership.

Next, Boots U.K. This of course has been a very difficult quarter. And as you've heard, the COVID
pandemic had a far greater impact on our U.K. operations than it's had in the U.S. Today, we announced
a program to restructure Boots, accelerated to adapt to the changing operating environment and reduce
fixed costs in the wake of COVID. This has been a very tough decision, but we are taking this action to
ensure a sustainable future at a time of economic uncertainty and a shift in customer behavior towards
online and digital channels. We are proposing a reduction of over 4,000 roles in total across Boots U.K.
and Boots Opticians, representing around 7% of the current workforce. This includes a proposed reduction
of approximately 20% of our employees in our head office, around 7% of our store colleagues and the
closure of 48 Boots Opticians.

As you heard, COVID has caused a dramatic and radical shift in our business, but our teams have
responded rapidly to the challenges. In pharmacy, we are playing a key role in supporting NHS. We quickly
developed and implemented drive-thru testing, in the quarter, undertook more than 330,000 COVID
tests. We trained our Boots pharmacist team to support the NHS medical help line. We have increased
the capacity of our online pharmacy to meet demand for home delivery. And again, working with NHS, we
have stepped up deliveries for vulnerable patients.

Turning to our retail operations. As James mentioned, Boots' online business has grown significantly since
the start of the pandemic, increasing 120% in the month of May. To meet this increased demand and
make it as easy as possible for our customers to get the products they need, we have moved swiftly to
reconfigure our online operations and significantly increase capacity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

In beauty, we built online advice and tutorials which have gathered momentum in recent weeks. And
building on our online presence, we recently undertook our first global digital skincare product launch, No7
Advanced Retinol. The product had over 100,000 customers on the waiting list ahead of launch and has
been well received. That said, the most popular categories online continue to reflect the core offering that
Boots is so well known for: Health and wellness, beauty and personal care.

Let me now pass it back to Stefano for his closing comments.

Stefano Pessina
Executive Vice Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Alex. In the company, we are facing some significant challenges and are moving fast to
overcome them. Many of our businesses have been operating very successfully for many years, and they
faced extraordinary challenges and disruptions in various markets in that time. We have always been able
to survive, adapt and thrive. And I am convinced that we will come out of this crisis in a strong position
with a clear path to sustainable long-term growth. I'm encouraged by the tangible progress we have made
in the quarter in developing our strategic priorities.

Our agreement with Microsoft and Adobe, it's hugely significant and will deliver a significant step
forward in our ability to offer a personalized service to our customers. The increased saving goals for
our Transformational Cost Management Program gives us even more capacity to react quickly to the new
market environment as we implement the amount of savings to invest, to grow. And most importantly, I
am very excited about the huge step forward we have taken in our health strategy through our extended
partnership with VillageMD, which will transform our community health care offering.

Despite the challenges of COVID, we continue to be a well-positioned company with robust and defendable
cash flow and a solid balance sheet. This will allow us to invest with confidence in our business at a time
when many other companies do not have the same capability.

As you have heard, 2021 will be a year of increased investments to pave the way for a return to
sustainable, predictable growth. The strength of our company, the dedication of our people and the
response of our customers as they recognize our commitment to serving them and supporting their
communities gives me great confidence in the future of our business and if anything, further strengthens
my own resolve to deliver the changes we need to drive sustainable growth.
Thank you. Now we will take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Eric Percher from Nephron
Research.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Thank you for your efforts on behalf of consumers and patients during this time. Given the strong U.S.
comp, I think the impact on gross margin is quite striking. I understand the front-end shift which you
outlined. But to what extent is there pressure on the pharmacy? And beyond reimbursement pressure,
you would expect, are there pressures from movement from 30 to 90 or from commercial to cash and
Medicaid? Could you help us on that front?

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Eric, it's Alex here. The pharmacy trend in margin was really as we had expected. So we saw some
decline, and you see the IQVIA data as the pandemic come through on commercial. So that's recovered as
people have come back into employment to some extent. But really, it was as expected. There was really
no other change. And as we've come through now to June, again, we're watching this, as you can imagine,
very carefully. And there's nothing within that trend that went beyond what we had expected to see.

What is very different is new to therapy, which I think James has covered in his comments, where, again,
we're seeing a reduction of just -- of I think of 20% according to IQVIA data in new to therapy. So the
volume through this quarter was substantially less than we had expected.

Having said that, we were quite worried, as I think we -- as we saw the mail order number shift,
particularly in the early weeks of the pandemic. But again, we're more relaxed now to see that the mail
order and the retail business has stabilized, particularly in the last 6 weeks. So that really has been the
story of the pharmacy margin. It's more of a volume story than it is of any shift in the margin from our
perspective.

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Yes. And I'd confirm exactly what Alex said. If you look at the U.S. business, with an impact of around
$300 million to $315 million, 2/3 of the impact was due to gross profit and 1/3 was due to higher SG&A
as a result of bonuses for select employees plus cleaning and sanitary expenses. When you go back to
the gross profit, which is around $225 million, $250 million, all of it is due to rate and it's all in the retail
business. So essentially, we didn't have a volume impact because the negative trend that we saw on
pharmacy scripts, and that was entirely due to medical visits and the impact on new prescriptions, was
entirely offset by continued buoyancy on our retail business.

So it was actually, just to answer you, to summarize, everything on the gross profit was rate. And the
best example is the one I gave in the script, is we have a fairly large photo business with quite attractive
margins, and the decline in that business in the quarter essentially cost us 90 basis points of margin just
due to how profitable it is compared to the average of the business. I hope that's helpful.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

Yes. Sorry, I think I was on mute. Maybe just to follow up quickly on Eric's question, which is on -- when
we look at the June trends at 3%, have we started to see within that new scripts accelerating as people
kind of come back to the physicians?

And then secondly, the VillageMD partnership sounds great, Alex. What does that say to the other pilots
you had been doing with Partners in Primary Care, with Humana, MedExpress, with United and even with
LabCorp? How do those kind of fit in with the new strategy, it looks like, you're embarking on?

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Charles. Yes, we are seeing a recovery in new to therapy, but it is still, I would say, unpredictable for all
the obvious reasons as we're seeing a further spread of the virus in many states across U.S.A. So we are
seeing a return, and James has given you the number we saw in June for scripts. So encouraging, but still
not completely predictable and certainly not back to the number it was before the pandemic.

In terms of second question, we just had a really successful trial in Houston with VillageMD, which we
have accelerated with a very good management team. They are agnostic to payers. They work within
every payer in the marketplace in every health care system. They do both fixed; they do fee-for-service;
they do, of course, taking risk. And most importantly of all from our point of view, they take care of
people with long-term conditions. We know the $4 trillion of spend in the U.S.A., 85% of that is long-term
conditions. So they come to us with a full file from doctors. They move that file through their very strong
technology, to move from fee from service on to taking risk. And the model just works really well for us
and really very quickly, and therefore, we're very keen to accelerate it.

We still have very good relationships with UnitedHealth. And we're working with them, as you know, in
the Las Vegas area, both on centers for enrollment, but also importantly, centers for primary care. And of
course, we continue to expand our Partners in Primary Care model, we've opened 3 more of them as well.
So we continue to believe strongly in the neighborhood destination concept. We believe we'll have to have
more partners than just one. But at the moment, the partner who really has performed the best for us has
been VillageMD, and we're very committed to accelerating in the way we described.

Stefano Pessina
Executive Vice Chairman & CEO

Stefano here. You remember probably that we have tried many different formats of clinics. And as always,
we try, we are patient, and we want to see where we have the return. And with VillageMD, we found the
model where we could see a real return in a relatively short term or medium term, and we see really a
complement with our pharmacies, with what we normally do in a pharmacy. After many trials, we have
found that this model is probably the one which fit best with our pharmacies. And when we have seen this,
we didn't hesitate to invest heavily in this model.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

And just finally. Sorry, Charles, I missed LabCorp. LabCorp are really important partners to us. We have
about 110, 112, I think it is exactly. So that rollout continues. And we're developing, of course, new
models with them for testing. And obviously, we're continuing to work very closely with that team. So
again, we feel very good about our partnership with LabCorp.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I just wanted to get a little bit more detail on the impact, the delta between your online sales and your
inside-store sales. Sort of what they were, what's the difference in gross margin on that? And sort of what
are your expectations going forward? Is this the new normal, or do you expect foot traffic to increase and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

online sales to sort of stay where they are? I'd love to sort of get a take on the impact now and sort of
what you expect the mix to be going forward.

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Yes. I'll take a bit of a shot at that. Our biggest online business is actually in the U.K. It's a $500 million-
plus business and has a very strong position in beauty. And what we're looking at right now, and I said in
the prepared remarks, foot traffic in our stores was down 85%, we saw was a tremendous impact in the
U.K. So effectively, it was at a standstill. And at the beginning of the crisis, we didn't have enough capacity
in our online business, and we've exited the quarter with sufficient capacity for the future.

So what are we seeing right now? We are seeing in the U.K. that there is a slow recovery on the high
street, but transactions are still down 46%. Again, it's a huge number. But our online business over the
last weeks and months is running in excess of 120% growth, and we would expect that to continue at
least for the next quarter.

And I think what the job we have now is how do we move this business from being a $0.5 billion business
to a $1 billion business? So we're setting different goals, and we actually don't want the market to define
what we want to do. We want to define a much stronger e-commerce business in the U.K. where we
actually have a very strong set of assets. We have a very powerful loyalty program with, I think it's 17
million, 18 million members. The second thing is strong starting position. And we clearly want to stake out
our #1 position in -- as a beauty retailer online.

Regarding the permanency. I think as you build models into next year, I think you have to assume we will
have transaction declines for the first half of next year. And I think you will see that as well in the U.S., but
it's less exaggerated in the U.S. But you will also see a very strong online business.

And to get back to your margin question, this is quite unusual. So in the quarter, we had a 78% increase
in online sales, and that's a weak start for the quarter and running at 120% in May. The biggest issue on
margin, though, is not necessarily the absolute increase in the online margins because we actually have
had a very attractive margin profile in the U.K. on our e-commerce business. The issue is prior to the
COVID pandemic, 70% of the orders were picked up in store, and right now, it's less than 20%. And the
biggest incremental cost we have is the fact that it has a 0 cost if somebody is picking it up in store, and
it's probably costing you $3 to $4 more to actually ship it to somebody's house.

So we believe that will reverse, but it's probably 6 months away. So as consumers get much more
comfortable coming back to the high street, they will also become much more comfortable at pickup in
store, which will reduce the headwind on margin as we move forward. But this will be a month-by-month
kind of thing, where we're actively managing the situation. And secondly, we did put in place some short-
term distribution gap fillers that obviously have a higher cost right now. And as we put in place more
permanent omnichannel delivery methods, the cost will come down.

The U.S. market is a little different. The margins are not attractive in the U.S. market. It's a $300 million
to $400 million business, so we're quite behind the competition. And maybe I'll pass it over to Alex
because we have a very aggressive strategy in mind to really build a strong omnichannel presence in
the U.S. We do recognize we're behind the market and we're scaling up the investment as we speak. So
maybe I'll pass it to Alex, and he can bring you through some of the vision for the next 6 to 18 months.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Thanks, James. Yes. Hi, Kevin. Yes, I think that the way we see it, and one of the key numbers reported
was a 200% increase in our mobile app usage, which is very encouraging. And therefore, as we see all
decline in physical stores and as customers adopt new omnichannel methodologies from how to do the
shopping, we are very committed to accelerating the use of the app and the conversion of the app into
sales, both retail and health care sales, particularly in Walgreens.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

You saw an announcement a few days ago about the Adobe-Microsoft partnership. That's really about
a new approach to marketing which we've tested for about 12 months. And we're really excited by the
performance, seeing significant increases in sales in that performance. So as we go forward, we believe
that our ability to personalize our marketing, turn the dollars we spend today into different types of dollars
that personalize marketing for customers, we believe that we'll be able to convert more people in mobile
app, drive, as James has said, in the U.K., which has been very successful for us, buy online, pick up
in store, also drive-thru windows and convert more and more people into this idea of omnichannel and
ultimately a platform strategy. As I mentioned, I think, in prepared comments, this idea of a customer
engagement platform is one we're investing in very heavily, focused on our pharmacy, focused on health
care, focused on all the partnerships we've created, including the VillageMD partnership, as Stefano
referred to a few minutes ago.

So we remain convinced that our stores are beautifully placed as forward distribution hubs in the
communities, and we're now investing to make sure as people more and more move to omnichannel ways
of getting their goods and services, including health care, we are absolutely convinced our investment
strategy will come through strongly in the years ahead.

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Yes. And maybe the part we didn't cover was what's happening in the U.S. front of store. Right now,
the transactions are down somewhere between 10% and 12%, but the basket size is up considerably.
So we're doing a lot of work on retention of [ customer ]. But we expect -- we've seen a dramatic
improvement over the last weeks as the lockdowns relaxed.

So currently, these transactions are 11%. The drug channel is a channel that was losing transactions
over a multiyear period, call it 3% to 4%. But the gap is starting to close on transactions, but we're quite
surprised, pleasantly surprised, by our ability to retain basket size. And this -- there is a shift happening
in the market where convenient locations have an advantage here, that we're becoming a destination.
It's less frequent right now, but the destination when they come to it, are picking up a higher selection
products.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

And just one other number that's important to understand is that we do have a lot more urban stores than
some of the direct competition, which I think is an advantage in the long term. But at the moment, the
urban areas are most affected by the risk and the fear of the pandemic. So for example, in New York City
and Manhattan, we have almost 100 stores in Manhattan alone. And you can imagine the footfall and the
sales and the transactions are heavily down in these markets.

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Yes. It's quite interesting because it's -- as Alex said, it's very geographically dispersed. So we have a
large proportion of our stores are rural, and they're up about 8% in the quarter. And you've got a small
number of urban stores, maybe 300 to 400 urban stores, and they're down 18%. So as you move out of
the big cities, which have been disproportionately impacted, our performance is much, much better.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So my question actually kind of picks up right where you left off, some of the geographic discussion in
the U.S. I'm not sure if you're able to comment on this or not, but some investors are wondering whether
you're seeing any dichotomy in the most recent trends in Sun Belt states, like Florida and Texas, versus
trends in the Upper Midwest and Northeast, where things are more stable now. So separate from that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

rural versus urban, I think just people are focused on the Sun Belt. Just any comments you can make
geographically given some of the investor concerns around rising COVID cases in some key states, it
might also be helpful.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Thanks, Steve. It's Alex here. The reality of it is there are hot spots where we're seeing some pantry-
loading and then some quieting down. But really broadly, it's pretty consistent apart from the urban areas
via the suburban areas, which James has mentioned.

So again, it's -- the patterns are there when you look -- when you click down a level or 2. So for example,
if we take Houston as maybe an example of it, we did see evidence of some pantry-loading a couple of
weeks ago. But they are in very specific areas, and the trend is not really that clear from the numbers that
we are seeing. The really clear trend that go back to what James quoted before is a very clear trend. And
we're watching this every single day.

And of course, we're continuing to take all the actions we have to take to keep our stores, our pharmacies
clean and applying all the rules, which are so important and of course, making sure the #1 priority is
keeping our people safe and secure and our customers safe and secure in our premises. So there's no real
trend beyond the one that James has said, that we've really picked up.

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Yes. We did see slight outperformance in May in Texas and the Southwest on a transaction basis because
they relaxed sooner. But these things are moving around. It's not 15 points of growth, it's more like 2 to 3
as a difference. It's really metropolitan compared to rural and suburban, that's where you see the biggest
shift.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

I mean, one thing I would say, and again, it's been well commented on, is that the local, smaller stores
are doing reasonably well. Again -- so again, we feel confident about the position of our pharmacies and
the size of our pharmacy in their boxes. Again, that's another comment I think that's coming through in a
lot of market research that I've seen, for sure.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Alex, I just want to go back to the comment that you made around VillageMD and how well the pilot had
gone in Houston, and that's the reason that you've chosen them as your big partnership going forward.
What did you measure that on? What -- did you see a lift in pharmacy comps? Like what's going to be the
best metric for us to look at when we think about the success of the partnership? Again, is it the pharmacy
comp? And can you share with us potentially the lift that you saw?

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Yes. So absolutely, pharmacy comp is a big one for all the obvious reasons. And I think as we said already,
Lisa, they bring in a full file of patients with them. So these doctors come in with a full file. So from day 1,
they are writing prescriptions for all the patients who fall then into the surgery.

We love this idea of the family doctors. Really clear from market research that the family doctor, the PCP,
is the person that people really trust. They are the quarterback of the health care system. And when you
put them in partnership in physical stores and in digital assets with their pharmacists and their nurses,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

then you get quality care in a way that really reduces costs, improves care and particularly helps people
to manage long-term conditions in the way we described. So that is definitely one driver, along with other
health care products which are associated with that doctor's practice and what the doctors recommend
and what, of course, people pick up inside of the pharmacy as OTC.

The other thing that's important to understand in the short term has been the NPS score. And the
NPS scores are over 90%. And so this is a really fantastic feedback. And the way that these particular
VillageMDs are designed is really strong from the point of view of your local surgery, quite different. And I
hope you've seen the picture to what many local surgeries look like today.

And last but not least, of course, they are very good as a practice and as a company with the software
they have. They are able to really use that software to help doctors to spot gaps in care and make the
best next step. So closing, improving Star ratings and all the things that really drive the more risk-based
models, which is very strong in their software. And again, we expect, as we go forward, this will become
more and more of an integrated care model and there will be more opportunities for ourselves and other
partners to provide the solutions that long-term patients with chronic conditions needs going forward.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And I understand all that. Is there a number that you can quantify? Like -- so if you think about that
specific market. And again, we're not looking to extrapolate it across that 500 to 700, but just any kind of
qualitative number you could give us?

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Well, what I can describe is that Walgreens, I guess, has a 20% of an average market share. You can
expect us to be well above 50% when these -- of market share when these settle down.

Operator

And our final question today will come from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just to piggyback on some of the other questions that were asked on the cost side. Can you talk in a little
bit more detail about where the incremental transformation costs are coming from? And then specifically,
could you comment on how you sort of view CapEx for rest of this year and how you sort of balance that
need for CapEx spend versus the -- some of the transformational costs?

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Yes. Sure. As we look at why did we raise the guidance on the Transformational Cost Management
Program is it's the savings we're seeing year-to-date. And then two is, we just have greater visibility to
the future programs and the degree of certainty has gone up dramatically. And I think we alluded to that
on the prior call. So it's not a specific program, it's a combination of programs over a multiyear period.

We did see some delays as a result of COVID. We had to move quite a lot of supply chain and operations
people away from transformational cost management programs. And we estimate that probably cost
the program, in the year, about $45 million. But we were easily able to absorb that with other actions to
contain costs.

So we think if you look against the peer set out there and the amount of incremental overhead some of
them have incurred, we believe that our $100 million in the quarter is quite a low number compared to the
peer set. And we tried to manage that as closely as we could. So we think we've done quite well on that.

Your cash flow question is a good one. This is kind of interesting because there is a lot of moving pieces
here. One is we do estimate that at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $0.5 billion of higher

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

inventory to fulfill the actual volatility in demand. And whether that's across pharmacy or across retail, we
took a conscious decision that we were privileging, having availability in store. And we exited the quarter
with very, very strong availability.

So that $500 million will work itself -- some of it, out of the cash flow by the end of the year. But we
actually believe that with a risk of a potential second wave, we will probably retain somewhere between
$200 million and $300 million of excess inventory at the end of the year. And when I say excess, that's to
cover volatility that's increased significantly.

Some of that is offset by a good [ question ] on capital programs. And a really good example here is we
had to halt for a period of time our SAP rollout in the U.S., which is a huge program, because we couldn't
go into a store when they were struggling to fulfill demand and in a very complex environment. So we will
have a deferral of capital expenditures of probably $150 million to $250 million. And I give a deliberately
round range because I'm not sure how much of that will impact next year. So there will be -- the inventory
will probably go down next year compared to this year, but capital expenditure will go up because of
deferrals this year.

And then the last part is there have been some assistance from the U.S. government in terms of the
deferral of cash contributions on payroll taxes and other items, and there's been some in the U.K. as well.
That probably benefited our cash flow to the tune of $300 million. And as you look forward, that will work
itself out of the system going forward.

So it's -- in summary, we added a lot of inventory, $0.5 billion, and that was offset by government
contributions and the -- government contributions and the capital expenditure phasing. So we effectively
exited the quarter with a 0 impact on cash flow as a result of COVID. We do think it's probably a good idea
that we keep excess inventory as we exit the year, and that will have some impact on the profile next year.
I hope that's helpful as you're thinking through the impacts.

Operator

I would now like to turn the call back to Gerald Gradwell for closing remarks.

Gerald Gradwell
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Lisa. And just to say, I know that there were a number of you that didn't get to ask questions
today. As ever, we ran out of time, but the IR team are here and available to take your questions over the
coming days and weeks. So please feel free to reach out to us.

Thank you very much, indeed. And we look forward to speaking to you on the next quarter.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 09, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

