Whirlpool Corporation NYSE:WHR
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, May 01, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.56

2.82

Revenue  (mm)

4292.81

4325.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-01-2020 12:00 AM GMT

10.16

0.75

1.75

11.79

14.80

4138.82

18120.18

19193.21

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.71

3.90

4.27

2.56

4.01

3.97

4.91

2.82

8.09 %

1.79 %

14.99 %

10.16 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Roxanne Warner
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Curtis Smyser Nagle
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Eric Bosshard
Cleveland Research Company

Kenneth Robinson Zener
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Glaser Dahl
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Samuel John Darkatsh
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Susan Marie Maklari
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Whirlpool Corporation Q1 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Roxanne Warner, Head of
Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Roxanne Warner
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter 2020 conference call. Joining me today are Marc Bitzer, our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Peters, our Chief Financial Officer. Our remarks today track
with a presentation available on the Investors section of our website at whirlpoolcorp.com.

Before we begin, I remind you that as we conduct this call, we will be making forward-looking statements
to assist you in understanding Whirlpool Corporation's future expectations. Our actual results could differ
materially from these statements due to many factors discussed in our latest 10-Q and other periodic
reports.

We also want to remind you that today's presentation includes non-GAAP measures. We believe these
measures are important indicators of our operations as they exclude items that may not be indicative
of results from our ongoing business operations. We also think the adjusted measures will provide you
a better baseline for analyzing trends in our ongoing business operations. Listeners are directed to
the supplemental information package posted on the Investor Relations section of our website for the
reconciliation of non-GAAP items to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.

Also, as we highlight on Slide 2, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and potential impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, our discussion of the potential impact of COVID-19 on the company's
business results reflects our best estimate based on what we know today. [Operator Instructions]

With that, I'll turn the call over to Marc.

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Roxanne, and good morning, everyone. Before we discuss our first quarter business results,
I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the unprecedented circumstances we're all currently
experiencing and the efforts we have undertaken as an organization to support our people, consumers and
communities.

The health and safety of our employees continues to be our top priority as we navigate through this crisis.
I'd like to take a moment to thank them for the hard work and ongoing efforts during this challenging
time. These efforts began in early January with the creation of a cross-functional and cross-regional task
force to aid in developing and driving globally aligned communications and action plans. In February, we
took decisive action to ensure the safety of our 77,000 employees around the world, including banning all
domestic and international employee travel while also ensuring our corporate and manufacturing locations
abide by all local state and federal guidelines and safety measures. Additionally, we implemented our
work-from-home policy, resulting in 95% of office roles now being performed remotely. Also, we continue
to safely operate our plants and manage through periodic slowdowns and shutdowns as they arise.

As it relates to business continuity, we took decisive actions in late January to ensure we were able
to continue supplying our consumers with our essential products and services. These actions focused
on ensuring ample supply of critical components, and detailed review of inventory across key product
categories. We also have remote-enabled call centers that allow us to maintain reliable post-purchase
service to our consumers. Now more than ever, families across the globe are relying on our products and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

services to take care of their families. They are depending on our products to clean, cook and to provide
proper food and medicine storage in their homes while also providing a place in the kitchen for them to
come together as a family.

Finally, we took a number of actions to give back to local communities in which we operate, including
providing funding to support COVID-19 research in local hospitals, donations of PPE and appliances to
hospitals and organizations, as well as providing additional donations to local food banks, shelters and
small businesses.

Overall, thanks to the strong actions and efforts of our teams, we've been able to significantly limit the
number of cases in our companies around the globe.

Turning to Slide 5, I'm highly confident in our ability to manage through these uncertain times, and I
strongly believe that we have the right actions in place to protect our operating margins and the financial
strength to protect our liquidity position throughout 2020. Thanks to the hard work of our employees and
our relentless focus on delivering on our commitments to consumers, we delivered strong Q1 results,
demonstrating our resilience as an organization. As the depth and the duration of this crisis remains
unknown, we are taking strong actions to mitigate the anticipated impact of volume deleveraging and
sustain our operating margins. Further, we have positioned ourselves well, with ample liquidity and the
financial flexibility required to weather this current crisis.

Lastly, we remain committed to investing in our future while also taking actions now to win during the
eventual economic rebound.

Now I'd like to turn it over to Jim to review our first quarter results.

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. On Slide 7, we show our first quarter 2020 highlights. We
delivered organic net sales in line with the prior year with an ongoing EBIT margin and EPS of 6.1%
and $2.82, respectively, highlighting the resilience of our global operations given the growing impact
of COVID-19 throughout the quarter. Our North America, Latin America, and Europe, Middle East and
Africa regions demonstrated their strength and agility, delivering solid year-over-year margin results
despite operational disruptions related to COVID-19. Lastly, we delivered free cash flow improvement of
approximately $100 million due to strong working capital management, particularly in accounts receivable
and inventory.

Turning to Slide 8, we show the drivers of our first quarter EBIT margin. Price/mix negatively impacted
margins by 175 basis points due to onetime product transition expenses and unfavorable product mix
shifts due to COVID-19-related consumer purchases. As we highlighted on our Q4 call, we launched new
lines of dish and laundry products in Q1 2020, driving a onetime transition expense of approximately 75
basis points. Furthermore, as consumer behaviors changed due to COVID-19 safety guidelines, we saw
increased demand for microwaves, low-end refrigerators and freezers, resulting in negative price/mix.

Although we expect product transition expenses to return to normal levels in the second quarter, we
expect these changes in consumer purchases to be a headwind during the crisis. This unfavorable margin
impact was fully offset by accelerated cost takeout actions and favorable raw materials, leading to a
margin impact of 175 basis points. Lastly, strong cost discipline related to marketing and technology
investments partially offset the impact of currency. Overall, we are pleased to deliver margins in line with
the prior year. This is indicative of our strong cost discipline across the globe, and we are confident these
actions will continue to sustain our 2020 margins.

Turning to Slide 9, I'll review our first quarter regional results. In North America, we saw a stable industry
for the quarter and delivered net sales in line with the prior year. Additionally, we delivered EBIT margins
of nearly 12% as strong cost discipline partially offset negative price/mix related to increased product
transition expenses and lower mix related to COVID-19 consumer purchases.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

In our Europe, Middle East and Africa region, we experienced positive industry demand across key
countries through mid-February. However, the growing impact of COVID-19 resulted in operational
disruptions and demand declines towards the end of February and throughout March, particularly in Italy
and France. We are pleased to see continued momentum from our cost reduction and strategic initiatives,
which delivered the fifth consecutive quarter of EBIT improvement, with margins expanding 40 basis
points despite significant COVID-19 demand and operational disruptions. Although we expect to see
intensified demand pressure in the second quarter, we remain confident that our underlying business
continues to make strong progress in our return to profitability.

In Latin America, we saw solid industry demand across Brazil and Mexico, along with strong share gains in
Brazil, driving organic net sales growth of over 20%. EBIT margins were approximately flat compared to
the prior year as strong cost discipline offset currency devaluation in Brazil. Finally, as a reminder, our first
quarter 2019 results include the impact of the Embraco compressor business in Latin America's results.

In our Asia region, revenue declined over 20% as China demand declined sharply in the quarter due to
COVID-19-related disruptions. This was followed by a government-enforced shutdown in India which
has now been extended into early May. In China, our manufacturing facilities have returned to normal
operating levels, and we have seen demand stabilize with some initial indications of a rebound as
consumers slowly reenter the marketplace.

Overall, we are very pleased with our first quarter EBIT margin results of 6.1% given the approximately
150 basis point EBIT margin impact from COVID-19. These results clearly demonstrate the agility and
resiliency of our global operations.

Turning to Slide 11, Marc and I will discuss our current perspective on 2020. I will now turn it over to Marc
to begin.

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Jim. The broader macroeconomic environment continuing to rapidly evolve, the full impact of
COVID-19 on our business results remain highly uncertain and we're unable to provide a meaningful full
year guidance at this time. That said, we want to provide the answers to 3 fundamental questions, which
I'll go into more detail on the following slides.

First, what's the shape of a recovery? In this section, I'll provide an overview of the current sell-through
trends in key countries and an update on our full year net sales expectations. We anticipate a U-type
recovery throughout 2020, resulting in a full year organic net sales decline of 10% to 15%. Second, can
we sustain our operating margin? Here, I will discuss the fundamental difference in our margin profile
entering the COVID-19 crisis compared to the 2008 recession and also highlight the additional cost actions
we will drive throughout 2020 to help sustain our operating margins. Thirdly, what's our liquidity position?
Finally, Jim will discuss our strong cash and liquidity position which will allow us to cope with the economic
uncertainty we continue to face across the globe.

Turning to Slide 12, I'll highlight the preliminary data that supports our perspective of a U-shaped
recovery throughout 2020. Please note that we do not intend to share this data going forward but we felt,
given the uncertainty of the current situation, that this data will provide valuable proof points as we all
assess the impact of COVID-19. As we monitor the development of COVID-19 cases and its related impact
on appliance demand within China, Italy and the U.S., we've begun to see similar U-shaped demand
patterns emerge. China, we see clear signs of a U-shaped demand pattern with recovery closely linked
although slightly lagging to the reduction of new COVID-19 cases.

Turning to Slide 13. While Italy's trends are not as mature as China's, the demand patterns are well in
line.

Turning to Slide 14. Even though the U.S. is obviously at an earlier stage of battling the COVID-19,
early signs point to a similar U-shaped demand trend as seen in China and Italy. It is important to note,
however, that the demand decline in the United States is clearly not as pronounced as in China and Italy,
and we are currently experiencing sell-out declines of around 20% to 25%, which is less than half of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

what we've seen in other markets. We see 2 reasons for this fundamental difference in demand patterns.
One, the U.S. has a very significant portion of replacement sales of more than 50% of our total industry,
and two, the home improvement channel kept stores open during this crisis, allowing consumers to
continue purchasing appliances. Based on the consistent demand trends we are seeing across 3 of our key
countries, each at different phases of crisis, we are expecting a full year 2020 organic net sales decline of
10% to 15%, with a majority of the decline occurring in the second quarter, followed by a slow recovery in
the third quarter and a slight growth in fourth quarter.

Turning to Slide 15, the EBIT margin chart highlights the clear difference in starting position entering the
COVID-19 crisis compared to the 2008 financial crisis. In the quarters preceding the 2008 financial crisis,
we delivered EBIT margins of about 5%. Upon entering the 2008 financial crisis, we saw EBIT margins
drop sharply to around 3.5% before bottoming out at a negative 1% in the fourth quarter of 2008.
Contrast this with our current starting point in which we recently delivered 2019 ongoing EBIT margin of
7% or greater from second quarter on and over 6% margins in the first quarter of 2020, inclusive of 150
basis points impact of COVID-19.

We are starting from a fundamentally stronger place due to the decisive actions we took post 2008
recession. We took many difficult but necessary actions related to the fixed cost structure of our business,
including restructuring actions, plant optimizations and the exit of certain nonprofitable product segments,
ensuring that we would be able to withstand the next crisis. Since that time, we've remain disciplined in
our approach to fixed cost management. Fixed cost discipline has structurally improved our margin profile,
allowing us to enter this crisis in a position of strength.

Turning to Slide 16, I'll discuss the additional strong actions put in place to sustain our margins over
the near term. First, as our teams monitored the spread of COVID-19 from Asia to Europe and then to
U.S. and beyond, our operational teams acted early and decisively to ensure we appropriately matched
inventory levels and our supply base to demand. Second, we aggressively target significant reductions in
both structural and discretionary costs, including a reduction in discretionary marketing and promotion
spend and strict headcount control across all regions as well as unpaid leave, furloughs, among other
actions.

In parallel, we implemented a controlled trial process and put rigorous guidelines in place to manage our
expenses going forward. Third, we continued to focus on ensuring we capitalize on the deflationary raw
materials market. Finally, we've maintained our strict focus on working capital management, ensuring
we have a proper risk mitigation plan in place, dual-sourcing strategies enacted and are appropriately
managing our inventory levels across the globe.

With these additional actions in place, we are now targeting over $500 million in net cost and raw material
savings in 2020, up over $300 million from our previous guidance.

Moving to Slide 17, I now turn it over to Jim to highlight our overall financial position and ability to
weather this current crisis.

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Marc. As a result of the strategic actions we took leading up to this crisis, we entered the crisis
with a strong balance sheet. First, we have a very strong liquidity position as evidenced by our current
cash position of $2.8 billion, with approximately $2 billion available in remaining committed credit
facilities. This is inclusive of a recently executed $500 million short-term credit facility. Second, anchored
by our strong balance sheet, we maintain ample buffer to withstand increased debt or a reduction in
earnings without tripping our covenants. Our debt-to-capitalization limit is 0.65 and we are currently at
approximately 0.5, while our interest coverage ratio requires a minimum of 3x and we are currently above
10x. Third, we have access to additional levers to unlock cash. We continue to evaluate additional liquidity
options, and from an operational standpoint, we will continue to effectively manage our working capital.
Fourth, I'd like to highlight that we refinanced EUR 500 million of long-term debt in February of this year,
and have no additional bond maturities until the second quarter of 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Furthermore, I'd like to remind everyone that we pre-funded our U.S. pension in 2018, which effectively
suspended our need to make further payments until 2023 or beyond. It is through our strong financial
position and our continued actions that we strive to maintain our investment-grade credit rating.

Lastly, I'd like to touch on our capital allocation plans which have temporarily changed in light of our
current situation. Although we repurchased approximately $120 million in shares in the first quarter, we
will be suspending additional share repurchases until our future liquidity needs become clear. That said,
we did declare our quarterly dividend and remain strongly committed to returning value to shareholders
through these difficult economic times.

Overall, we are confident that we have the liquidity needed to support our operations during this crisis,
and remain focused on our long-term commitment to our gross debt-to-EBITDA goal of 2x.

Now on Slide 18, I'll turn it back over to Marc to discuss why we're well-positioned to win in the economic
recovery.

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Jim. I'd like to take a moment now to discuss how we are well-positioned to capitalize on the
eventual economic rebound in the short term, while simultaneously well-positioned for future growth
over the long term. Throughout this crisis, where necessary we have slowed our operations, adjusting
operating line layouts and speed to adapt to government orders, new safety guidelines and dramatic shifts
in appliance demand. This will allow us to quickly respond to positive demand changes and rapidly ramp
up to normal level of operations. Additionally, we anticipate there will be pent-up demand in the short
term as discretionary purchase have largely been delayed.

As a clear leader in home appliances across the globe, we are extremely well-positioned to capture this
demand upon its return. To further take advantage of a recovery, we are leveraging our best-in-class
manufacturing supply chain operations, remaining agile in our approach to production and inventory
management. As we look longer term, we believe that we are uniquely structured to take advantage of
post-crisis demand changes. One of the changes we expect to remain is the rediscovery of the home and
the kitchen as a center of living. Needless to say, this will be a positive catalyst for our entire industry, and
our unmatched brand portfolio and innovation pipeline clearly gives us a head start in capitalizing on this
trend.

Additionally, we are anticipating an acceleration in the adoption of online purchasing for large home
appliances post-crisis. As such, the investments we have and continue to make in e-commerce and in
direct-to-consumer sales as part of our digital transformation journey are key levers of our long-term
growth.

Lastly, we remain committed to our ESG priorities. As highlighted in our recently released sustainability
report, we have a long-standing history of investing in the safety and well-being of our employees and the
environmental efficiency of our products and operations and in support of the communities we call home.

In closing, I'd like to summarize our key messages on Slide 19. We remain committed to the health and
safety of our employees around the globe and will continue to adapt our policies and procedures as the
situation with COVID-19 continues to unfold. Our Q1 results highlight the strength and the resilience
of our business, and we will continue to take decisive cost actions to ensure the health and viability
of our business for the long term with a continued focus on sustaining strong margin throughout the
crisis. Additionally, we have ample liquidity to weather any demand recovery scenario and remain fully
committed to driving our business towards our leverage goal of 2x over the long term.

Further, we are well-prepared to swiftly ramp up operations and leverage our global leadership position
to win in the eventual economic recovery. It is because of these actions and the strong experience of our
management team that we're confident in our ability to weather this crisis and emerge in a position of
strength. We remain firmly focused on executing our business priorities and are fully committed to driving
strong shareholder returns.
Now we will end our formal remarks and open up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

First, I was hoping to get a sense of decrementals, and I apologize if I missed that in some of the opening
comments. But particularly what I think a lot of companies have done and -- by the way, almost none
of them have kind of laid out their thoughts for a full year sales impact, so very much appreciate that
perspective. But one of the other areas that I think has been helpful is to try and get a sense of how to
think about decrementals in the second quarter, which certainly, generally speaking, are the most extreme
given some of the abrupt shutdown and inefficiencies that occur, and how those decrementals might
improve throughout the year as the cost savings that you've outlined kick in.

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael, let me maybe just take your question and split it up in 2 pieces. First of all, obviously, everything
depends now on the revenue assumptions. And the overall demand pattern where we all recognize there's
a very significant amount of uncertainty. And -- but I think our perspective and today with the information
which we have is a U-shaped recovery or demand development, which means we expect the majority of a
negative in demand to occur in Q2. I do expect a slight drag still in Q3 and Q4 recovery. So that gives you
a little bit of a sense of what we anticipate from a broad demand perspective.

That being said, that also means we have the biggest deleveraging effect on operations in the second
quarter and maybe some elements also in the third quarter. As we -- and I think we mentioned that in
some previous earnings call. Of course, the leverage effect you have on production is extremely different
by production type, factory, occupational level, et cetera. But I think as a rough, and I underline, a very
rough rule of thumb, you can obviously assume about 18% to 20% is our leverage factor, i.e., every
dollar you lose is about $0.20 of deleveraging. I think it's, however, very important to highlight that in the
significant increase of our net cost takeout, we already factored in the negative effect which we will have
from deleveraging. So that is all factored in on the cost side. Of course, the margin side is a different one.
So we anticipate that we can absorb it, which is not going to be easy, and on top of that increase our net
cost take out.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. I appreciate that, Marc. And I guess -- so if I understand your comments correctly, and it kind of
leads me into the second question in any case. So just to clarify that response, are you saying that $500
million would off -- would negate the decrementals or would negate a worse-than-expected impact on
the decrementals in the 2Q period where you're going to have that higher level of inefficiency due to
the abrupt nature of what's going on in 2Q? And then the heart of the question for my second question
really is if you could give us a sense of the breakdown of that $500 million of net cost takeouts across the
different buckets that you manage and if any of those might be temporary that you could layer back in, in
a 2021 time frame, commensurate with the improvement in demand?

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So Michael, first of all, to clarify, the $500 million is a full year, and we haven't given the specification
about how much comes in Q2 and Q3. But as you can imagine, it takes a little to ramp it up. But to be
clear, the $500 million is after already all these inefficiencies. So that is net-net of everything. So it's a
pretty clean number. So it's after the negative impact of deleveraging. In terms of a composition of the
$500 million, and as you may recall, in the opening earnings call of this year, we roughly indicated about
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

a $200 million. So what you have in between -- first of all, as you indicated, you lose some, and that's
the inefficiencies, which are -- I mean you take the number which we gave you before and you also have
a negative currency impact because a lot of materials we buy, for example, in Brazil, we have a negative
currency impact.

On the good side, you have a slightly better raw material, which we have factored in. But then, in addition,
we have very significant expense control, expense management, SG&A efforts and also people cost. And
that is a combination of both, to your point, kind of temporary actions but also structural actions. So it's
not only temporary actions. So there is quite a bit of structural cost takeout which we have factored in, in
this $500 million. But again, I want to reemphasize, it's after all these negative deleveraging effects.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.

Michael Glaser Dahl
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Marc, just a follow-up on the last line of questions. I guess if I'm thinking about that bridge and applying
20% decrementals on your full year sales guide and then adding back some cost takeout, it seems to
suggest that the math would get you to EBIT that's only modestly down for the year and I think margin
percentage would actually be up. So I guess I'm just struggling to bridge that a little because a number of
other companies have talked about more like 40% decrementals, 2x normal. And then after cost takeout,
maybe getting back towards normal. So it just seems -- I appreciate you guys are around that tailwinds,
but it seems a little out of sync with what we're hearing from some others. So maybe a little more color on
that, please.

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

So it's -- Michael, then, let me first start and maybe Jim is also going to add to this one. First of all, on
the -- specifically on question of raw materials, yes, we see a slightly more positive tailwind from raw
materials. But as I mentioned before, keep in mind, about half of that additional tailwind is already eaten
up with currency losses. So on a full year basis compared to what we had before, maybe give you 1/4 to
1/2 a point more takeout from pure raw materials. But it's not as dramatic as you may assume because
steel prices are largely locked in because these are annual contracts. You have a little bit of incremental
benefit on plastic and resins, but that's about it.

Having said all that, so yes, our $500 million net cost takeout, that is our big lever which we have to
protect our operating margins. We have not given and will not give a full year margin guideline because
there's a lot of other parameters coming into place. But yes, that's our tool to predict our margins. But
keep also in mind you have, even on the top line, not only the overall revenue growth, but the mix, which
-- and that is not very untypical from the prior recession, but mix you should expect throughout the crisis
is slightly negative. So you can't anticipate the same kind of positive price margin effect as we've seen in
the last 1 or 2 years because an economic crisis is not necessarily the environment where you get a huge
positive mix. So you have a negative mix also in the full year assumption.

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, Mike -- this is Jim. And just to kind of reemphasize what Marc said is -- I mean you can
already see in Q1 we're seeing the benefits of some of the reduction in raw material costs. And as we said,
we extrapolate that across the year. That's about where we expect to be. The additional cost savings will
continue to build throughout the year, but we're not giving any further guidance beyond that, just due to
the macroeconomic factors that we really can't predict at this time. And there are things in there such as
currency and other things that are very highly unpredictable right now.

Michael Glaser Dahl
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Okay. That's really helpful. And then second question. And again, these weekly charts depicting some of
the trends are really helpful, especially showing the beginning of recovery in China and Italy. So thank you
for that. Marc, I think you said that sell-in -- or sell-out was tracking down 20% to 25% in the U.S. and
in the chart, it seems like it was more mid- to high-teens. So I wanted to ask if your comment on 20% to
25%, is that in dollar terms including negative mix and is -- versus the chart maybe in units? And then
could you comment on what your sell-in looks like relative to that sell-out right now in North America or
U.S.-specific, please?

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So Michael, I mean just on these sell-out charts. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we
usually wouldn't include these ones, but given that we're all trying to read into how will the demand shape
up, what kind of recovery we see for us, sell-out is still the best early indicator of what we're likely to
see happening. And we have it at least for our products in Italy and U.S. We have it on a weekly basis.
And that's why we -- for once in a while, I want to share it with you, just to give you also same kind of
information that we look at every day.

With that in mind, particularly about U.S. question, the 20%, 25% is revenue related because as you
highlighted, on top of volume, we have a slight negative mix. And that's, again, that's not atypical for
these kind of recessions. I think it's -- and I want to reemphasize what I also said earlier is I think what
we -- and that's good news, well, relatively speaking, good news relative to some of the other markets.
We do not see the U.S. market dropping as much as we've seen in Italy, France or China. Very simple,
because of a high degree or high percentage of replacement demand, and the fact that we still have the
home improvement, but also some independent retailers open right now. So the consumer has a place to
go and fulfill that replacement need. And that's a fundamental difference in the U.S. compared to many of
the other markets which we see throughout the world.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.

Susan Marie Maklari
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

My first question is just thinking also not just about the decremental margin, but the incremental margin.
And with all the benefits that you've done in terms of the cost structure, just the $500 million, but then
also just thinking about the last several years, what you've done with the business, how should we think
about the incremental margin as demand starts to come back and to normalize a bit? Should it be higher
or better than it has been in the past, and especially maybe thinking about the '08, '09 scenario and when
you came out of that?

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Well, Susan, here's what I would start with. I would say that to begin with, as the volume begins to come
back, the incremental volume that comes back, you should assume at the 18% to 20% that we kind of
quoted earlier, and that's how it will build back. Now over time, we will see the benefits of the cost takeout
running in and that will help our margins in the long run.

And again, if you look back to 2008 and 2009 and what we did with fixed costs back then, and we're able
to keep it out till now, it will be the same thing as we continue to reduce our cost level, but those will be
benefits that will be seen more in 2021 and beyond as things begin to stabilize. I think the other unknown
as I talked about this year is we do have a lot of currency fluctuation within there. That could also have
an impact on our bottom line, at least in the near term. So I think just for the remainder of this year, you
should start to think about the incremental volume in the 18% to 20% type of range.

Susan Marie Maklari
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then can you talk a little bit to Europe? Obviously, there's a lot of
moving parts there now. Just how do we think about the work that you've done on the cost side relative
to, obviously, the current conditions? And maybe how that can all trend as Europe starts to reemerge and
you start producing there again?

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Susan, just on Europe. So first of all, Q1, you need to keep in mind Europe was impacted earlier than,
for example, U.S. from the COVID crisis. And the depth of a demand drop has been more severe than
we right now see in the U.S. I mean again, you saw Italy, the numbers, and they will be very similar if
you look at markets like France or some of the other markets. So the impact has been earlier and even
stronger. Now in a certain way, you can look at the Q1 numbers even though in absolute terms, we still
made a loss, but it was better year-over-year.

So in a certain way, that tells you how much progress we've done in the cost takeout in getting this
business in a much better structural run rate. Because, as you can imagine, with these kind of volume
drops, under normal circumstances, you would have a very, very negative impact even year-over-year.
So I would see -- in a way, I would even see Q1 as a confirmation we were on the right track because
they got run right track. We got to get through a storm which will also be obviously very severe in Q2. But
structurally, from a pure cost takeout and how we are refocusing the business, I still believe we're on a
really right track here.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.

Samuel John Darkatsh
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Marc, Jim, a couple of questions, if I might. Didn't really talk about Latin America at all, either in terms
of April trends and/or what you're seeing in the Mexican geography, both in terms of demand as well as
some of the forced production shutdowns that we've seen in other areas. Could you help add some color
to that geography?

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Sam. Maybe I'll start off with it. One, what we saw in Q1 within Latin America, and we talked about,
we actually saw organic sales growth within Q1. So Latin America was probably one of the least affected
regions even heading into March. And so we're just beginning to see the downturn there as we've seen
some of the retailers shut in Brazil and other places. And I'd say what we're seeing, at least from an initial
sign is that, that curve isn't much different; it's just to what level that curve will go but it's not much
different from other parts of the world in terms of the rate that it's going. And that's why we don't really
show anything on Latin America right now because it is a little bit further behind. The second thing is,
obviously, within Mexico, we continue to monitor the situation, and certain products have been deemed
essential and certain products haven't. But also, we continue to monitor our supply chain there as we
don't see any significant issues yet due to that.

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Sam, it's Marc. Let me maybe expand a little bit on the supply question and go beyond Mexico. In
very simple terms, you got to look at the supply chain stability from 2 perspectives: one, how do you keep
your factories up and running; and two, how can you make sure your components keep on coming into
the factories. On the factories, we made early on the conscious decision to keep our factories running even
though at a much lower pace and a much lower volume. And in a certain way we basically ran them very
inefficiently because we -- our assumption is that even a slow but steady supply chain is better than a
stop and go. Now obviously, we still had to follow sometimes certain government lockdowns or in some

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

cases, we had to clean and sanitize the factory, but at any given time over the last weeks, we had 80% to
85% of our factories running. So the factories are in a pretty stable and good situation.

Now in components, as you can imagine, our first focus on components supply and steady was related
to China. That was our first area of concern. And I would say with an extraordinary amount of effort and
hard work, our team was able to get the supply chain situation in China in control. And we did not --
not without challenges, but we did not experience any significant component shortages coming out of
China. Right now, our focus, as you alluded to, is a little bit of Mexico because the Mexico guidelines have
not been synchronized with the guidelines of Canada and U.S. So we had some issues of stop and go of
certain suppliers. I think they're being worked through, but they have not been completely resolved, but
we remain confident they will be resolved in the next coming weeks.

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'd say the other thing, too, Sam, as we look at just the mix of product that comes out of Mexico,
especially into the U.S., refrigerators have been deemed essential there, and that's a big part of the mix
that we bring up from Mexico. And so there's no disruption in that supply chain at this time.

Samuel John Darkatsh
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

My second question, if I might. The -- I apologize for rehashing this from other questioners, but it's pretty
important and material to numbers. I just want to make sure I understand. So you would have us take
20% decrementals and then add to that, call it, the extra $300 million of cost takeout? I just want to
make sure everybody's math is accurate. And if you could be specific.

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sam, I think you're thinking about that the right way because we have said, yes, we'll increase $300
million more of cost takeout but you've got to take that volume piece out on top. And within -- that's the
volume that comes out of the margin side, as Marc alluded to earlier, said there are costs due to the lower
production, but we've already incorporated those into our net cost, in that we will partially off -- we will
fully offset many of those with other cost savings around the company.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Curtis Nagle with Bank of America.

Curtis Smyser Nagle
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I just wanted to go a little bit more into, I guess, a recovery path and sort of what gives you confidence
in what I think it sounded like growth in 4Q. I understand the sequential nature of improvement here. And
again, the charts you showed are really helpful. But is it perhaps a bit premature to call that? I guess the
reason I say that, particularly in, I guess, any region, but you sort of look at the United States. I think
you're expecting pent-up demand, but given where unemployment probably still will be and consumer
confidence, is it reasonable to assume that growth comes back in 4Q?

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So Curtis, first of all, we were first ones to admit, we don't know, okay. I mean if anybody knows
exactly the shape of a recovery, then good luck. As you know, there has been all letters of the alphabet
being used to describe a potential form of recovery. And what we're seeing is right now, we believe the
most likely scenario is a U-shaped recovery, but that's not a certainty. What I -- before I get to the U-
shape, what I would exclude right now, I would say, very low probability, the V-shaped recovery. I know
there are some folks talking about it. We would love to see it. I just don't think it's happening.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

And at this point, you also cannot exclude an L-shaped kind of development of this whole crisis. But again,
I would argue the odds right now which we see are in favor of a U-shape. The reason why we say that is
for -- again, as I mentioned before, for 2 reasons. One is the early demand patterns which we see coming
out of the China market. Some European markets clearly point towards the U-shape. And that's very
different from financial recession because the depth of the crisis is more severe than financial crisis, but it
appears from what we see from these markets that the kind of duration of the crisis is shorter.

The other reason, and again, that's probably more macroeconomic, we should also not lose sight of the
-- this coronavirus falls on a different environment than it did in 2008. There is no housing bubble. Quite
the opposite. The financial institutions are in a much stronger shape than they were in 2008. I think it's
a different macroeconomic context where this coronavirus happened. But again, that's -- right now our
most likely assumption, I think time will tell. Is it a U? Is it an L? We believe it's a U, but not an immediate
recovery before Q4.

Curtis Smyser Nagle
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. Fair enough. And then just wanted to go into a little more detail on the mix pressure. So Jim, I think
you'd mentioned you were seeing higher volumes of some lower margin product. But what about, I guess,
kind of likes for likes, are you seeing trade down in some of the core large appliance products you guys
sell?

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Well, Curt, as I'd say, as I stated, some -- what we saw in the first quarter, if you broke it down, was that
we did have some new product introductions, and that's something that we do see going away. But those
were things we had talked about in the past and having about 3/4 of a point impact on our margins. The
mix down that we saw, the bulk of it was selling more freezers, microwaves and lower end refrigerators,
which is typically a sign that we see as people are preparing to stock up on more goods within their home
and carry those kind of things. I'd say, as we look forward throughout the rest of the year, obviously, there
still will be a little bit of a mix impact due to that type of what we'll call a crisis-type mix. Additionally,
depending on the economic situations, what you'll see is a lot of -- duress purchases will continue. And
many a times, in some of the more difficult times, duress purchases do mix down a little bit. But overall,
we don't think that will be a significant impact on the rest of the year.

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

And Curt, just maybe just an addition because I think you may have also alluded to the promotional
environment. I would say, compared to other periods, it's not very intense. And that's just the nature
of that demand with duress and replacement customer. We're not attracted by "deals." So -- and so
right now, it's not a very intense promotional environment from that perspective, but yes, there is a
fundamental, slightly different product mix which is being sold through crisis periods.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

And just listening to the taped lead-in at the top of the call as we were all waiting to get on and listening
at all the things that you're doing around the world to help out, it was pretty impressive. So thanks for
what you guys are doing there. I hope Elizabeth Warren's listening. I wanted to just ask you about the
$500 million and see if you could lay that out by segments and give us a sense of just does it map roughly
in step with revenue proportions? Or how should we think about allocating that out?

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Yes. David, I would say that's typically the safest way to do it because right now, we're attacking costs
in all regions of the world. But if you just take raw material costs, it's typically pretty ratable across the
globe on what the impacts are. Obviously, if you look at things like currency, you would weight those more
heavily, especially to the Latin America region, where they're seeing a very significant impact there. But I
think that's probably the best way to think about it.

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Okay. And then, I guess just following up on a previous question with respect to European costs. I guess
I wanted to ask more about the top line in Europe. And just where does this leave you in Europe as you
work to rebuild your listings? And as you come out of this whole thing, do you pick up with kind of the
trajectory you were on before the virus? Or does this provide you with an opportunity to leverage your
scale advantage and kind of accelerate, I guess, the recovery of the market share?

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

David, of course, we now need to see how Q2 the demand patterns evolved in Europe. But it's even 1
or 2 smaller comments. Even in this sell-out chart which we showed for Italy, and that is our sell-out, so
you also even saw the beginning of the year we actually picked up nicely volume until the virus hit. So we
actually felt pretty confident, and that's just Italy. But I would say we have seen similar developments in
other markets.

So we started the year pretty well, which is probably a good indication of our listings which we got with
different retailers. But now we, of course, like everybody else, being hit with the virus. But I'm actually
pretty confident that we can pick up on where we started in Q1. I would also argue, because of a very,
very strong supply chain management in Europe where we limited the number of factory closures really to
the bare minimum, our supply base inventory situation and stability of the supply base is actually a pretty
good one. So we're confident we can get out of the gate pretty good. We have a good availability, always
with some limitations, but given what the overall crisis did to everybody, we're in a pretty good shape to
come out of this one.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.

Eric Bosshard
Cleveland Research Company

Two things curious about. First of all, in the U.S., could you help parse a bit what you're seeing between
channels? I think you commented earlier about the home centers remaining open, and that's helped
sustain sales in the U.S. relative to other countries. But could you talk a little bit about, by channel, how
things are performing in the U.S.? And then secondly, could you just frame or scale a bit what the mix
outcomes could be in 2020? Obviously, mix, price/mix has been a positive margin contributor. Marc, your
comment about the down 20% to 25% relative to the units and talking about mix in that, could you just
give us a little bit of comfort of what ranges the price/mix could be in 2020, either on a revenue or a
margin impact?

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So Eric, so first of all, on the U.S. channel, of course, that is heavily impacted simply by the fact
which stores are open and which ones are not open. As you know, first of all, from a broader environment,
the U.S. market is, compared to other international markets, still with heavy buys on the in-store as
opposed to the e-commerce market, which, of course, here right now in the crisis, the e-commerce
side has increased quite a bit, but it's still a very store-based shopping purchase in the U.S. So as such,
what we saw in the channels right now is heavily driven by which stores were open. And that's just the
reality. And a lot will depend on Q2 in terms of at what pace do the closed stores come back online and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

are reopening. And that's I think how you should read it. But right now, in the broader scheme, yes, by
definition, what we saw in March and April, there is a heavy shift towards the home improvement channel
in the U.S. And again, that's entirely driven by store openings.

To your point about the mix, and again, it's not atypical what we saw so versus 2008 and 2009. In
particular, the outset of this crisis, you see a heavy mix down. And particularly now there was -- when
people were hoarding, they bought a freezer, they bought a second fridge, and these don't come with
high mix. Typically, and what we see also already happening in China, that starts stabilizing as the crisis
progresses. But for the premium and super premium purchase to then pick up, I think you will still have
to wait a couple of quarters. And then again, that's not entirely surprising because that's the discretionary
purchase which is often very driven by an entire kitchen remodel. So I think until we see the really -- the
rich part of the mix coming back, I think we will talk a couple of quarters.

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think just to kind of add to what Marc said is the 3/4 of a point that we saw due to the new product
introductions, we had anticipated that. And that was built into our estimate at the beginning of the year.
But Q1 and Q2 is when we'll see more just the shift in mix due to the crisis. And then that will eventually
come back to a more normal level.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc.

Kenneth Robinson Zener
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Just want to follow up on -- for the U.S. mix, so we're talking the replacement cycle, you believe, is
supporting less volatility. But could you talk about -- and you talked about the negative mix in terms
of lower price points and I guess large freezers. So could you talk about the discretionary component,
which could be consumer confidence, the suites which are probably impacted by -- I know you've made
comments about that, that's probably like large kitchen remodel. And then could you talk about your view,
given you're involved with new home construction delivery of appliances. If you could just kind of go into
those to give us a sense of how the actual shelter-in-place and distancing has affected those lines?

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So Ken, first of all, on the replacement, as we said in earlier conference calls, right now for 2020,
we assume that the replacement part of entire industry demand is more than 50%. I think what, 52% or
53%, what we gave you as a number. So if we see a market decline, that comes out of a nonreplacement
side of a business. So as a percentage, is now even higher, but it's in absolute terms. So that's a pretty
steady number from replacement. And we also clearly positioned that replacement side almost as a floor
of a market because we're still comping against the low years of 2008, 2009, 2010. So we feel pretty
good. That's the floor, and it will not drop a whole lot further. So that's the steady side.

The high end discretionary one is, I think, where you, in the short term, and I would say, 2 to 4 quarters,
you will see still some negative, and that's not surprising. And by the way, very, very similar to what we've
seen in 2009 and 2010. Particularly in your question about the new homes and the builder channel, keep
in mind we are at the very tail end of any house completion. Appliances are one of the last products which
come into any build. And as you all have seen with the builders, the builders had a very strong order
intake and starts pretty much until early March, mid-March. I think there has now been some drops in late
March and April. But the projects and the houses which the builders have started, they will complete.

So we do see from our side, certainly in Q2 and Q3, still a very steady stream of new homes and what we
do there with the appliances. The key question, of course, is then how does the broader builder markets
now develop. And I think there's arguments made why it will continue to grow, like the low mortgage
rates and fundamental demand still. But of course, consumer confidence will play a key factor. As long as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

this overall recession is limited in duration, I don't think we will see a major lasting impact on consumer
confidence. But of course, that's one of the big uncertain elements right now.

Kenneth Robinson Zener
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Jim, I'm going to go back to what's been asked a couple of times because it's rather astounding, the
implication for your margin degradation. But looking again at just North America, in '08, your sales fell
about 10%, you had about a 300 basis point decline in margin, realizing margins were different in terms
of the base level. But specifically, I mean, we keep going into this. So your fixed costs are lower. You guys
removed a lot of fixed cost last cycle. With the cost -- so obviously, a lot of your 20%, you have a lot of
variable costs. So with the material declines that you expect, meaning the $500 million, can you just --
is it really that fixed cost is different that is supporting the math because the labor -- the material costs
you're following, but is it really the fixed cost that is so different in 2020 if sales are down high single
digits in the U.S. versus what we saw in '08?

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Ken, here's what I'd say is what we've talked about with the fixed cost is when we took those fixed
costs out in the 2008 to let's say, 2011 time period and improved our margins as they began to grow back
in 2012 and beyond is we kept a lot of those fixed costs out. And so what you were seeing is that we kept
the fixed cost as we grew revenues and grew volumes across the globe and especially within the U.S. And
now as we've had the decline, it's not as significant as it was back then as an impact to our bottom line
because of that already low fixed cost base we're starting on. Then in addition to that, as we talked about,
is we will target taking out and we will take out additional costs here. Now some of those will be fixed,
some will be variable and that's just how you've got to look at it go forward.

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Ken, let me maybe add off an additional comment on this one is -- and that's also why we included this
chart where we compared 2008 and the current crisis. First of all, if you compare 2008 to the current one,
the starting point of our margins in 2008 coming into the crisis were lower. And as you've seen on my
chart, in the first quarter, as a company in total, North America, we basically barely made a profit.

Actually, we had a small loss on the EBIT base. Now fast forward to the current one, the volume drop
right now, and that's what we forecasted, is more than a financial crisis. So under normal circumstances,
if you would take out 2008 picture, yes, that will be very painful for us. But -- and that's to Jim's point,
we manage fixed costs. And to put that differently, our breakeven point in all the factories is significantly
lower than it was before. So we will be able to absorb that volume loss in a much better way than we did
in 2008. And that's been the work over the last couple of years.

The other comment I also want to make is, yes, the coronavirus as such -- yes, you can call it a black
swan event, which came with our preannouncement. The recession as such is not a complete shock. And
we've been working already over the last year on additional cost take-out, on balance sheet measures. So
and that has just allowed us to now ramp up a cost take-out even more so compared to 2008. And that's
-- and we started that in not just now, we started pretty much some time ago and now we just ramped
it up in addition. So I think the situation is very different, our preparedness is a little bit different and our
fundamental starting point and breakeven point in factories is very different.

Operator

Your final question comes from the line of Seldon Clarke with Deutsche Bank.

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Can you just give us a sense of how the cost targets shake out across different regions? And I apologize
if I missed this, but did you realize any net cost savings in the first quarter? And if so, could you just
quantify those?

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We did realize net cost savings in the first quarter and kind of what we talked about earlier is that just
on materials, it was about a positive point to our margin in terms of just raw material deflation. And then
we had about 3/4 of a point of additional net cost takeout that we saw within the first quarter. And then
we also reduced some of our marketing and technology expenses as we just put strict controls on some of
our discretionary spending. I think as you think about this for the rest of the year, obviously, that rate will
ramp up throughout the year. And as you look at it across the globe, we would see it being pretty similar
across the globe if you just use revenues to kind of spread it out ratably that way. As we are taking cost
measures in every part of the world right now, and we're seeing different impacts that we have to offset in
every part of the world. But I think that's the best way to think about this.

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And just switching gears, obviously, it kind of questions [ on back line output ]. How do you
decipher between what's actually a replacement purchase versus a new purchase? And how do you kind
of determine the state of that appliance that a consumer is replacing? Just trying to think through the
consumers' ability or willingness to delay some of these purchases if things are a little bit tighter for longer
for consumers?

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

Seldon, first of all, we know from different markets from multiple different tracking tools, some externally,
some internally, you know which consumer purchase is a strict replacement duress and which one is a
discretionary, which particularly comes as I have an upgrade or as part of an entire kitchen. So there's a
pretty good data set, and that's all pretty comparable. And we provide the data also for multiple years and
we can give you a little bit more detail behind this one. So we feel pretty good about that number.

I think the point which you asked earlier, can replacement purchases be delayed? I would say, to a
very limited extent. And again, that's where you have some experience from 2008, 2009 helps. So a
dishwasher which can be replaced or needs to be replaced, yes, then it can be delayed. But even in 2008
and 2009, we didn't see these kind of things delayed more than 1 or 2 quarters. A washer or refrigerator
replacement will not be delayed. We've not seen that in 2008 and 2009, and we don't see that right now.
So the vast majority of replacement purchases are hard to delay and will not be delayed by consumers.
And we didn't experience that so far.

James W. Peters
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And I think even if you look at 2008 and 2009, what we did see is we saw a step-up at times wherein
repairs, which impacts our spare parts business and we saw an increase in that during that time period.
Now I would say today, as we look at that in this type of time period, it's probably less likely that someone
is going to have someone in their home to repair. So it would lead them to lean more to purchasing new
rather than repair, like we've seen maybe in some similar downturns.

Marc Robert Bitzer
Chairman, President & CEO

So given that we are at the end of the Q&A session and already 5 minutes over time, let me just wrap up
here.

First of all, I appreciate you all dialing in. Appreciate all your good wishes. I also want to echo yours. Stay
healthy, stay safe. As you've seen before, it's kind of -- it's an environment which none of us have really

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

fully planned for, but it's where we are. And as painful as an environment it is, I feel pretty good about
where we are as a company. Q1 was a really -- I would really characterize as a demonstration of strong
results and resilience in our underlying operations. We all know Q2 will be difficult. We have a perspective
on full year, but I think you also heard where we as a company, we're not only prepared to weather the
crisis, but we're committed and we're convinced we will come out as a winner out of this crisis.

So with that in mind, looking forward to talk to you either before the next earnings call or latest at next
earnings call, and stay healthy.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

