Walmart Inc. NYSE:WMT
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 17, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.19

1.34

Revenue  (mm)

131534.75

133752.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-16-2020 2:27 PM GMT

12.60

1.69

1.43

5.37

5.59

144635.97

547705.02

554122.73

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.44

1.09

1.26

1.19

1.38

1.18

1.56

1.34

SURPRISE

(4.17 %)

8.26 %

23.81 %

12.60 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Daniel Thomas Binder
Vice President of Investor
Relations

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of
Walmart US

Judith McKenna
Executive VP, President & CEO of
Walmart International

M. Brett Biggs
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Charles P. Grom
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Peter Sloan Benedict
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Edward James Yruma
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Seth Ian Sigman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Karen Fiona Short
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

Presentation

Operator

[Audio Gap]

[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference
over to your host, Dan Binder with Investor Relations.

Daniel Thomas Binder
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to Walmart's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. I'm
joined by several members of our executive team, including Doug McMillon, Walmart's President and
CEO; Brett Biggs, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; John Furner, President and CEO
of Walmart U.S.; and Judith McKenna, President and CEO of Walmart International. In a few moments,
Doug and Brett will provide you an update on the business and discuss third quarter results. That will be
followed by our question-and-answer session.

Before I turn the call over to Doug, let me remind you that today's call is being recorded and will include
forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from these statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not
limited to, the factors identified in our filings with the SEC as well as risks and uncertainties resulting from
the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Please review our press release and accompanying slide presentation for
a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements as well as our entire safe harbor statement
and non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at stock.walmart.com. In addition, we have posted our fiscal
year 2022 earnings release dates on our IR website, stock.walmart.com.

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Doug McMillon.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone. We're happy to visit with you about another strong quarter. As this
challenging moment in history continues, we've seen the best in our associates. They keep showing up
and stepping up. They're adapting and becoming what we must become to thrive in the next generation of
retail. Our leaders are learning and applying new skills at a new pace. We're grateful for and proud of how
they're bringing our purpose and values to life.

With the outbreak of COVID-19, the retail world clicked to a fast forward, and our ability to adapt quickly
has been crucial. Changes in customer behavior have accelerated the shift to eCommerce and digital.
We were well positioned to catch and ride these waves given our previous work and investments. Our
eCommerce and omnichannel penetration continue to rise, accelerating trends by 2 to 3 years in some
cases. We're convinced that most of the behavior change will persist beyond the pandemic and that our
combination of strong stores and emerging digital capabilities will be a winning formula. Customers will
want to be served in a variety of ways, and we're positioned to save them money, provide the variety of
product choices they're looking for and deliver the experience they choose in the moment.

Now let me cover some quarterly highlights. Despite an unusual and softer back-to-school season and less
benefit from government stimulus spending versus the first half of the year, revenue for the third quarter
increased 6.1% in constant currency and adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.34, an increase of 15.5%
versus last year.

Walmart U.S. had another strong quarter. Comp sales increased 6.4%, and we significantly reduced
operating losses in eCommerce. Consistent with the second quarter, we saw customers consolidate
shopping trips with larger baskets and fewer transactions. Comp sales accelerated from the beginning of
the quarter helped by food, consumables and health and wellness.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

eCommerce grew 79%. Growth was strong in pickup and delivery as well as direct-to-home, with the
highest growth coming from marketplace. We also launched Walmart+, and we're excited to have that
important piece of the puzzle in place. We launched it with an initial set of benefits that we know are
important to our customers. Over time, we'll evaluate the program against our broader set of assets with
the aim of improving the value proposition and deepening our relationship with customers, including
earning a greater share of wallet.

Our merchant and replenishment teams are working hard to ensure we have products available for our
customers. In-stock levels have improved from Q2, but we're still below where we want to be. The team
is being flexible when it comes to meeting demand. For example, we've turned on nearly 2,500 stores
to fulfill online orders. We can quickly flex this number as the holiday season progresses to help relieve
pressure on our eCommerce fulfillment centers, if necessary.

This holiday season will obviously be unique. While many family gatherings may be smaller, we do believe
families want to decorate, celebrate and enjoy food and gifts. They want a sense of normalcy, and our
traditions help bring some joy and comfort to this difficult year. With the importance of social distancing
in mind, we planned several holiday shopping events this year so customers can enjoy special items and
pricing over a longer period of time and shop in the way that's best for them.

At Sam's Club, strong comp sales of 15.3% minus fuel and tobacco included a good balance of increased
ticket and transactions. Great items drive the club business and our merchandising offer is compelling. Our
strength in fresh food and the uniqueness of Member's Mark continue to make it special to be a member.

Membership income is vital for Sam's, and we're encouraged by our performance. New member sign-
ups were strong. Overall renewal rates increased nicely. And renewal rates for Plus Members increased
more than 350 basis points. Consistent with the growing popularity of a contactless shopping experience,
Scan & Go penetration is up more than 600 basis points, and curbside delivery has been well received by
members and is growing well above our overall comp sales.

Outside the U.S., we had another solid quarter performance-wise. And we announced additional portfolio
actions to increase our focus on priority markets. Overall, net sales increased 5% in constant currency,
and comp sales were positive in 8 of 10 markets.

In India, Flipkart and PhonePe had strong results for the quarter. The number of monthly active customers
for these platforms is at an all-time high. At Walmex, we continue to see good results as comp sales once
again outpaced the overall market. eCommerce is also accelerating with growth of more than 200% for
the second consecutive quarter. Customers are increasingly looking for omnichannel solutions, and we're
providing it for them.

In Mexico, we completed the rollout of same-day delivery to all Sam's Club locations. And in Central
America, we opened our first store with omnichannel capabilities.

In Canada, we saw broad-based strength across categories, especially in food and consumables. We see
strong growth in eCommerce in this market, too, with sales growth of 177%. We're focused on providing
more digital solutions for customers to make shopping easier. With a national rollout, mobile check-in
customers can now use their phone to check in when picking up their online grocery order.

We continue a series of actions to increase our focus on priority markets. We've recently announced the
sale of our businesses in the U.K., Argentina and Japan. These teams have been an important part of
Walmart, and we'll miss them. They'll continue to innovate and grow under the new ownership structures,
positioning them for future success.

We're committed to our stated priorities, and you can see it with these actions, along with others in the
U.S., including Jet and VUDU. We know where to invest, and we'll be aggressive where we should be while
taking action in other areas.

Before closing, I'd like to touch on a few additional points. The recent rise in COVID cases throughout
the country reminds us we must remain vigilant. As we've done since the beginning of the outbreak,
we'll continue being disciplined about the safety protocols throughout our stores, clubs, distribution and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

fulfillment centers. We're reinforcing our messaging to customers, members and associates regarding
wearing face coverings, social distancing and other safety measures.

While the health and safety of our customers, members and associates is our first priority, we realize
the increasing cases will put more pressure on small businesses that have been heavily impacted by the
pandemic. As various governments around the country tighten up to help keep people healthy, it will be
imperative that elected officials in Washington work together to deliver the help so many small businesses
need to get through this next phase of the pandemic.

Leading on social and environmental issues has become part of our core business for over 15 years now.
And so despite COVID-19, that work has naturally continued. ESG work is part of who we are. Across the
company, creating economic opportunity for associates through jobs and advancement is something we're
proud of. We were pleased to adjust our store structure and increase wages for around 165,000 associates
in Walmart U.S. and more than 20,000 received increases in Sam's Club U.S. We're also pleased to have
hired over 0.5 million new associates during the course of this year globally, as so many of them need to
work.

A few other recent examples include the work we're doing to increase racial equity and address climate
change. We created shared value networks made up of Walmart associates, who are looking at ways we
can make a difference in education, financial, health care and criminal justice systems. They're finding
natural overlaps between our core business and opportunities to advance racial equity. For example, we
launched a new race and inclusion curriculum, and we've seen hundreds of thousands of associates access
it since August. We also have a new requirement for U.S.-based officers to complete racial equity training.
And to drive further transparency on the progress we're making, we launched a first-ever midyear
diversity report.

As for our environment, we've set a goal of becoming a regenerative company. We want to do more
than slow down the damage to our planet. We want to reverse that process and actually add back and
strengthen nature. We're working to restore, renew and replenish our planet, and we encourage others,
including our suppliers, to do the same. We've set a date of 2040 to target 0 emissions without relying
on carbon offsets and our own operations and fleet. This build on our leadership as being the first retailer
with a science-based target for emissions reduction. Please take a few minutes to learn more about what
we're doing by referencing our ESG report on our corporate website and accessing the virtual Milestone
Meeting we recently hosted, which you'll also find there.

Last, I want to wrap up by saying congratulations to President-elect Biden. We look forward to working
with the administration and both houses of Congress to move the country forward and solve issues on
behalf of our associates, customers and other stakeholders.

We thank you all for your interest in our company. Happy holidays.

M. Brett Biggs
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results were strong and highlight the
continued progress in our omnichannel strategy. We continued delivering solid results while positioning
the business to win long term. We also continue to allocate capital toward the most compelling long-term
opportunities, demonstrated by continued investments in supply chain, eCommerce, technology and store
innovation, while reshaping our global market portfolio.

Despite the challenges of this unique time, associates around the world continue to do an outstanding
job responding to the customers' need for greater shopping flexibility by accelerating omni initiatives.
We're creating and launching new products and services, such as Walmart+, helping us develop deeper
relationships with customers. In fact, we've doubled the number of U.S. store associates supporting digital
and omni initiatives this year. We believe we have the customer-focused strategy to win long term.

Now let's discuss Q3 results. Total constant currency revenue growth was strong, up 6.1% to more than
$135 billion. Walmart U.S. comp sales increased more than 6%. International net sales grew 5% in
constant currency. And Sam's Club grew comp sales more than 15%, excluding fuel and tobacco. The

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

health crisis continued to shape shopping behaviors with trip consolidation, larger baskets and growing
eCommerce penetration.

Gross profit margin was strong in each segment and increased 50 basis points in total aided by strategic
sourcing initiatives and fewer markdowns, while eCommerce margins also improved. SG&A leverage
of 18 basis points in Q3 was aided by lapping last year's noncash impairment charge of approximately
$300 million or 23 basis points, but was negatively impacted by nearly $600 million or 44 basis points of
COVID-related costs. We continue to see operating efficiency improvements around the company.

Adjusted operating income on a constant currency basis was up more than 16%. And adjusted EPS of
$1.34 was a 15.5% increase versus last year's Q3 adjusted EPS. GAAP EPS was $1.80, which includes an
unrealized gain on our investment in JD.com, partially offset by a $0.34 loss on the sale of Argentina due
primarily to foreign currency losses.

Operating cash flows year-to-date has been exceptional and was up approximately $8.3 billion versus
last year to nearly $23 billion. Free cash flow was $9.7 billion higher due to increased sales, continued
operating discipline and lower CapEx, some of which is timing. Inventory increased about 60 basis points
in Q3 due primarily to timing of holiday events. We resumed share repurchases in Q3 with more than $450
million repurchased during the quarter.

Now let's discuss the quarterly results for each operating segment. Walmart U.S. had another strong
quarter with comp sales, excluding fuel, up 6.4% and eCommerce sales growth of 79%. eCommerce
sales were strong in all channels throughout the quarter. Walmart.com traffic has been robust with solid
increases in repeat rates and good momentum in marketplace sales, which grew in the triple digits.

As we noted when we announced Q2 earnings, third quarter sales started out a bit softer, particularly
in the U.S., due to a delayed back-to-school season. However, sales picked up in September and the
momentum continued through October. Consistent with prior quarters, we saw continued strength in
home, electronics and sporting goods.

We're pleased with market share gains in several general merchandise categories, according to NPD.
Grocery sales also strengthened throughout the quarter led by strong comp sales in food categories,
helped by expanded store hours, improving in-stocks and strong price positioning.

We continue to see trip consolidation and significantly larger baskets in Q3, resulting in an average ticket
increase of about 24% and a transaction decrease of about 14%. Customer transactions began to improve
after we expanded store hours, and we expect this trend to continue as we further extend store hours this
month.

Gross profit rate was strong, up 33 basis points, due primarily to strategic sourcing initiatives and fewer
markdowns. We continue to make progress on eCommerce margin rates as we drive faster growth of
marketplace sales and improve product mix. Also, the phased reopening of the auto care centers and
Vision Centers during Q3 has alleviated some of the negative margin pressure experienced during the first
half. The carryover of last year's price investment continued to negatively affect margin rate.

Incremental COVID-related costs of more than $430 million negatively affected expense leverage by about
50 basis points. As a result, the U.S. segment deleveraged 9 basis points.

Operating income was up 9.9% for the quarter, including a continued reduction in eCommerce losses.
Inventory increased 5.5%, primarily reflecting the timing of holiday merchandise flow and the continued
recovery of in-stock levels from earlier in the year. We're making good progress to get certain categories
to higher in-stock levels. And overall, we feel good about our position for the fourth quarter. While it's still
early in the quarter with big sales days in front of us, we expect it to be a good holiday season.

International delivered strong Q3 results with net sales up 5% in constant currency, including 56%
eCommerce growth. Currency fluctuations were a headwind to sales of approximately $1.1 billion.
eCommerce penetration continues to accelerate and grew nearly 500 basis points this quarter. 8 of 10
markets posted positive comps, with sales in Canada and Mexico particularly strong, including triple-digit
eCommerce growth in both markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

Flipkart continues to perform well and recently completed its best-ever Big Billion Day sales event
in October. Their third quarter GMV continued to reflect strong demand post-COVID lockdowns with
significant growth in monthly active customers.

Canada comps increased more than 7% with broad-based strength, both in stores and online. And
China saw continued strength with double-digit comp growth in Sam's Clubs and eCommerce growth
of over 60% despite some softness in hypermarkets. Comp sales in Mexico grew more than 5% as the
omnichannel strategy continues to accelerate.

International adjusted operating income was strong, aided by government stimulus in various markets,
Flipkart's improved margin mix as well as cost savings initiatives in Mexico. The quarter included
incremental COVID-related costs of approximately $65 million. Operating income increased 70% on a
reported basis and about 22% on an adjusted constant currency basis, excluding the benefit from lapping
last year's impairment charge.

Sam's Club had another terrific quarter, with comp sales growth of 15.3%, excluding fuel and tobacco,
with contributions from both increased transactions and average ticket. Strength was broad-based across
categories, with food and consumable leading the way. eCommerce sales grew 41% with strong demand
for direct-to-home delivery and increased Club Pickup. We're pleased with the strong membership trends
at Sam's as membership income grew 10.4% in Q3, the best quarterly performance in 5 years. This
reflects higher renewal rates, robust new member sign-ups and rising Plus penetration. Strong sales and
gross margins more than offset the approximate $80 million of additional COVID-related costs, resulting in
an operating income increase of nearly 32%.

Consistent with prior quarters, we aren't providing FY '21 financial guidance due to continued uncertainty
around the key external variables related to the health crisis and their potential impact on our business
and the global economy. The health crisis continues to create both tailwinds and headwinds for our
business. In Q3, we saw strong sales aided by some stock-up buying and continued stimulus spending,
albeit to a lesser extent than the first half of the year. Q4 will feel different from past years as customers
shop differently and shopping events are spread out. eCommerce and omnichannel penetration continue
to accelerate, and we are in a good position to serve customers this holiday season.

We expect COVID-related costs to continue for some time, along with some general global uncertainties.
In addition, currency headwinds remain elevated. If rates stay where they are today, the top line impact
would be around $1 billion in the fourth quarter.

Despite the unique challenges this year, Walmart's financial position remains rock solid. And our strong
performance reinforces the advantages of our omni strategy. We'll leverage our scale, unique assets and
financial strength to continue positioning the company for growth in the U.S. and in key markets around
the world. I remain very optimistic about what this company can do in the future.
As always, thank you for your interest in Walmart, and we'd be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Michael Lasser with UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

The Walmart U.S. grocery comps have been strong, but increased half the rate as the conventional grocers
have been reporting. So as we look towards next year, when the grocery category retraces due to the shift
back to food away from home, should the Walmart U.S. grocery business slow less than others because it
didn't rise as much this year?

And also if you could give us some sense, has the Walmart U.S. eCommerce gross margin reached that
inflection point where it can sustainably generate increases year-over-year because of mixed third-party
contribution and the impact of Walmart+ subscribers? Have a good holiday season.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Michael, this is John Furner with the U.S. segment. Let me take the question on food first. In the quarter,
we were happy with the results. Our food comps in total were just in the, call it, the mid- to high single-
digit range, and we did see share improvements from the second quarter. We think in the second quarter,
our comps would have been influenced by shorter store hours. We were open only until 8:30 in the
evening. We've recently expanded it to 10:00 p.m. And in some locations where we felt it was safe,
we moved downwards to 11 p.m. at night. And those have had improvements -- or we've seen a trend
improvement on our food share in total over 2 quarters.

Looking at the food business in general, our in-stock position is much better, and the third quarter was
much better in the third quarter than it was in the second. And then generally speaking, our price position
was -- remained very strong in Q2 and Q3, which is in a better position than it was in the first quarter of
the year. So we're pleased with the improvements in share trends from the third -- in the third quarter
from the second quarter.

And then the last thing I'd say is the team has also done a very nice job with the online pickup business.
We've doubled the number of people that are working in that business up to about 140,000, which is
2x what it was a year ago. So overall, the improvements in food share has been pleasant from the third
quarter to the second.

I think your second question was on eCommerce margins specifically. And Michael, those results are a
reflection of mostly mix, as we described. Our home business has been solid online. Our apparel business
has led. And then the overall winner in the eCommerce business was our marketplace business, which led
the marketplace -- or led the e-com comps in total to 79% for the quarter.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Kelly Bania with BMO Capital.

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Also just wanted to ask about the reduced eCommerce losses. And curious about just how Walmart+ could
maybe change the trajectory of that at all? I know it's still early days, but just curious on how to think
about that longer term.

And then also just in terms of capacity for eCommerce, is it possible that stores could become a
permanent area of capacity in fulfilling online orders? Or given the significant growth this year, is there any
need to expand fulfillment center capacity?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

I'll start, Kelly. This is Doug, and then John can jump in. I think as it relates to Walmart+ and losses, we're
putting together an ecosystem. These parts are connected, and I do think Walmart+ can be helpful in a lot
of ways over time. The information that we'll have about customers, the ability to personalize, I think we'll
be able to serve them better. And both sides, the stores and eCommerce, will come to life in a way that
helps make Walmart+ even stronger.

But I wouldn't underestimate the significance of the other components as it relates to eCommerce losses
and eCommerce growth. Kind of the basic blocking and tackling; getting the contribution profit to a
healthy level; things like mix that John just mentioned a minute ago, apparel and home mix, in particular;
the ability to leverage costs to pick efficiently, obviously, getting things into one box as much as possible,
getting shipping efficiencies, all those kinds of things are going to generate a sustainable business as it
relates to eCommerce as a channel over time.

We will keep an eye on eCommerce as a business, of course. But also, remember, we've got all these other
levers. It's an omnichannel business. We've got a lot of variables on the store side. So when we think of
how we blend the combination of revenue, expenses and profitability together, we think of it in a holistic
fashion. It is great to see how stores have been playing a role with fulfillment.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Yes, Kelly, at a certain point this year, in the second quarter, we had up to 2,500 stores working as
fulfillment centers to handle demand. And then in the last few months, we've been able to open more
fulfillment center capacity, including staffing up to be able to pick orders and ship from store. And so I
think the important note there is Walmart has so many assets that can be used to take care of customers
in any way they want to shop, whether that's shop in store, pick up at the store or have orders delivered.

Operator

Next question is from the line of Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank.

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And very solid quarter. You spoke confidently about the holiday season likely to be a healthy and strong
one. Maybe just elaborate on your views on 4Q, maybe what you've seen to date and anything that we
should keep in mind from a modeling standpoint.

And then separately, would be really interested in you speaking to the specific transactions that have
taken place in Walmart International and just how we should think about the overall strategy and the way
you're managing that portfolio.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Paul, I'll start out. This is Doug. As it relates to holiday, let's keep in mind, we've got multiple markets and
a lot of different scenarios, but there are some common trends. People are at home more, they're eating
at home more, and they've all been through a difficult year.

So just emotionally, I don't know what you're thinking, but in my family, while it'll be a smaller group,
we're really looking forward to Thanksgiving and Christmas and New Year's and some sense of joy and
normalcy. And I think we'll see that play out as it relates to consumption patterns in the U.S. and beyond.

John, if you want to add some things for the U.S.? And then we've got Judith on today, and we'll go to her
for the International portfolio response.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

Sure. Thanks, Doug. Paul, we plan for a good holiday season. As Doug said, we are planning for what we
would describe as the new normal for customers this holiday, which will include staying at home, being
in smaller groups. We think there'll be, of course, more celebrations as groups are smaller all around the
country. Our events, which last year would have been more of a singular event, we have several events
that are planned, a few that are behind us and more to come. We plan these events to be omni-led. So
they gave customers the option of being able to buy online and pick up in store; buy online, have shipped
or shipped -- or shop in the store. And we made it very flexible so customers could do what is best for
them.

We've called this Deals for Days. We've had 3 events online already. We've had 2 events in stores, and
then we'll have more as the season goes on. And we're looking forward to the next 10 days of being ready
for customers to shop further for their Thanksgiving meal.

But overall, we feel good about our plan for the fourth quarter. We feel good about our in-stock and our
inventory position in general merchandise.

And then I'll turn it over to Judith to talk about the International transactions.

Judith McKenna
Executive VP, President & CEO of Walmart International

Paul. Really, [ 3 ] transactions in last 6 weeks announced at Argentina and Japan, completely in line with
the strategy that we set out earlier in the year of strong local businesses powered by Walmart and our
ability to be flexible in the ownership structures that we have, whether they're other public companies that
we've got minority ownership or majority ownership around the world. All 3 of those, we think, position
those markets to be very successful. In Argentina, we've divested fully. But in the U.K. and Japan, we're
retaining a stake in those businesses as we help them continue on their transformation journeys as well.

We're going to continue to focus [ a ] market at a time. Our priority markets are clear: India, China,
Mexico and Canada. But actually, every market that we have plays a role in the portfolio in some way. And
I think the Japan deal is a really good example, announced on Sunday, of really how we can bring together
people not only to do a digital transformation for Japan, but more importantly, how much Walmart can
continue to learn in that relationship as well. And we continue a relationship with them on a commercial
basis in respect of providing global sourcing.

This is a really new type of model that we're creating for International. We said we will be clear in our
priorities, and I think we are showing that we have done that. But at the same time, we still really benefit
from all of the good things about being a global retailer, not least of which sharing best practices and
innovation and talent around the world.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Karen Short with Barclays.

Karen Fiona Short
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

A couple of questions just related to your U.S. comp. I'm wondering if you could give a little bit more color
on what the impact would have been on your comp in this quarter, but I mean probably applies to 2Q
as well from the actual reduction in hours. And then you did mention that you've extended the hours by
another hour, I guess, in some stores. Any thoughts on going back to 24 hours?

And then the second question I had was with respect to Walmart+, would you be willing to provide a little
color in terms of what the average ticket is on those transactions? Because I think there's some view that
it could be very dilutive if the ticket is lower than you would have hoped for.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

Karen, it's John Furner. Let me take the first question on hours first. Let me first say I'm really
appreciative of the work that our associates have done this entire year. They have stepped up, as Doug
said earlier, and served their customers, served their communities and taking care of each other.

And I want to start with that because it's just important to reiterate that our first priority all year long has
been to do whatever we could to protect associate safety, customer safety and serve our communities.
And so the reduction in hours in the first and in the second quarter were primarily to ensure that
associates were able to cover the stores as needed. We also had changed our leave of absence policy,
which enabled associates to take off anytime they need it, if they weren't feeling well or they needed to
stay home.

The hours did change in Q3 so -- during the 3. So I wouldn't be able to give you a number that would say
how much it affected the results by, but we do know that the share losses in Q2 subsided and improved in
Q3. So we believe that this definitely has a part of it.

We don't have any guidance yet on whether we'll go back to 24 hours or at what point at this point.
We'll operate 7 to 10 or 7 to 11, depending on what the store is able to handle in terms of staffing and
whatever local regulations would allow for.

On the plus program, as we said earlier, we're excited about the offer. We think it's an important part of
the Walmart ecosystem for customers to be able to experience all of the benefits that Walmart has to
offer. We want this to be a very friction-free experience for the customer. And whether the customer is
shopping in the store with Scan & Go; or using our fuel discounts, which are available at our Walmart gas
stations, Murphy, Murphy Express and now Sam's Club; and then finally, be able to get unlimited delivery
on food consumables and general merchandise from the store, we think it's a really compelling offer that
customers will enjoy being part of and being able to benefit from.

The program is new, so we don't have a lot to share at this point. And we're still learning. We're focused
on the best experience we can possibly deliver for our customers. And we're looking forward to the impact
that the program will have.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Might be worth repeating the stat we've shared with you the last few years that when a customer
shops us in store and online, they spend about twice as much, and they spend more in-store. Those
are prepandemic stats, we're not updating those at this moment. But it is important to remember, once
they're engaged in the digital relationship and they're shopping us holistically like that, the value of that
customer relationship goes up.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Peter Benedict with Baird.

Peter Sloan Benedict
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

My question is just on the Walmart Health initiative. Just curious kind of the near-term and longer-term
plans, maybe how COVID has impacted that. I know it was a hot topic earlier this year, but certainly other
things have come up. So just looking for an update there and what your strategy is.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Peter, we remain excited about the opportunity in health and wellness in general, including Walmart
Health. We haven't made any changes to our plan. We've opened a few clinics since we most recently
spoke. And we are excited about the demand that we saw in the first 6 months of the year, including last
year since we opened our first clinic in Dallas, Georgia. We continue to work on mix and learn about the
types of services that we want to offer customers. And no change that I would be wanting to make at this
point.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I have 2 questions. The first one is on market share. The second is just another follow-up to plus.

On market share, I think stepping back, you're obviously having a very good year, both top and bottom
line, despite the challenging -- the challenges in operating. The -- you're growing above your normalized
rates, and your dollars are pretty big. But if you look across the rest of retail, you're starting -- you are
seeing robust results. And so it suggests you might not be gaining as much share. I don't think you're
losing. I think in food, it may be -- it's partly because the lack of promotions in some channels.

But I want to ask you if you -- when you look at your results versus others, how do you explain the
difference? You -- John just mentioned some store hours. Is it anything about inventory at this point? Or
maybe the customer not having the same wallet share shift.

And then the question on plus, maybe just a follow-up for John, if you're willing to share how it's
performing versus expectations. And then anything on the percentage of new customers coming to you --
to the platform.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Yes, let me take the share question first, Simeon. As we said, our share in Q3, the trend did improve in
total food. Our general merchandise share has gained in Q3 and also in the second quarter. Q3 did start
slower in general merchandise then picked up as the quarter went along. So we were pleased with that.

As far as the average ticket and pricing, we're seeing across the tire box what we describe as modest
deflation, a little bit of inflation in some food categories. But no major change there. Our price gaps did
widen in the second quarter versus what they had been in the first, and they remain wide in Q3. So
certainly, there are less promotions around the market. And I think our unit growth, as mentioned earlier,
in the transaction side, has benefited from those.

As far as the plus business, we're excited about the results. It's really early on. We just launched this in
the middle or to the late -- latter part of Q3, so we don't have anything yet. We're still learning. We're
excited about the offer. We know customers are excited about the offer. We do serve about 90% of the
population within a 10-mile radius. And just in the last quarter, we added another 230 stores that can do
pickup. That brings our total to 3,700 stores. And we've got 2,700 stores that are now offering what we
describe as Express Delivery. And we have examples even just this week of customers who are getting
their groceries from the time of order delivery in under a half hour. So we're really excited about the
ability to have services like that all across the country in big cities and small cities and everything in
between.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Robert Drbul with Guggenheim.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess the first quick question that I have, Doug and Brett, is it true that you guys were TikTok-ing this
morning before the call started?

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Brett was, I was just watching.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

But my second question then would be, can you tell us a little bit about the consumer -- what trends
you're seeing with the consumer in terms of pantry loading again, sort of move to volume versus
convenience and your ability to really manage in-stocks in this environment still today?

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll go first. I think, Bob, as you look at what's happening in the U.S. in particular -- and Judith, you
may have comments about outside the U.S. I think the way to think of this is, locally, it really does have
everything to do with what's happening with COVID cases in any particular community. I was in stores
last week and I saw variance from one state to the other, one location to the other, just depends on how
people are feeling in that moment.

What the action is, is the same as what we saw before. They're just stocking up on paper goods, cleaning
supplies and dry grocery, should they need them. And so I think we're going to be able to respond in this
instance better than we did in the first half of the year, although we're still -- as a total supply chain, still
stressed in some places. It's disappointing to walk [ some of our alleys ] and see as many out of stocks as
we had in consumables right now generally, although it's a whole lot better than it was earlier in the year.

So I think we'll manage through these curves. They'll be localized. We'll respond. We got to keep these
food and consumable DCs operating. Our logistics team is doing a fantastic job of doing that. But it feels
to me like we'll work through this period of time better than we did in the first wave.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

And Doug, I agree. We do see big differences, depending on the communities that you're in. I've also been
out the last couple of weeks and including the last 2 weekends, and it really depends on what's going on in
the state and the city that we're in.

The specific categories where we have the most strain at the present time would be bath tissue and
cleaning supplies. Our inventory position on hand sanitizer and masks is very good. Dry grocery has
recovered in many cases, although there are still parts of supply chain that are stressed by components
that just haven't been available, including things like aluminum and cans and packaging. So those things
have definitely had an impact.

But overall, pleased with the improvements in availability, including the fresh meat department. The team
there is doing a great job of getting things back in stock. We still see some stress in things like deli, bacon
and breakfast foods. But in general, there is product available, just the assortments of it is not what it
was.

And then finally, I would just complement our produce team that has just done a great job of sourcing
produce and maintaining quality and fresh levels throughout the entire year. So the teams are
really working hard, and I'm really thankful and grateful for the work that our inventory teams and
merchandising teams have done at Walmart in the grocery departments.

Judith McKenna
Executive VP, President & CEO of Walmart International

And maybe just -- sorry, but maybe just a comment from around the world, which is, again, it varies
deeply by country. So U.K., in full lockdown; China, pretty much life back to normal. There, just the only
thing to add to John and Doug's comments, eat at home continues to be a trend everywhere that we're
seeing, which we are benefiting from. Supply chains around the world are holding up well. But we're also
seeing festival seasons, and I would take that as everything from Christmas through to Diwali, starting
strongly. And people being happy with buying things for themselves and for their homes as they go
through that period as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen with Cowen.

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Regarding advertising, we're seeing a lot of really great reads in our research for your advertising
program. What's ahead as this may intersect with Walmart+? How it could impact profitability and your
views on longer-term share gains?

I would also love your view on automation and micro fulfillment centers as well as the connected store.
If you could update us on key thoughts in the midst of the pandemic and what you're seeing with the
consumer and the connected store execution, that would be great.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Oliver, thanks for the feedback on the advertising. We are proud of the team and the work they're doing.
And there, I think they're doing a great job of getting the message out and the benefit of things like time
savings and being able to spend more time with your family and do the things that are important.

And we think those are key components of what the Walmart+ offer has for our customers, being able to
order your groceries and have them delivered without worrying about -- whether you have it delivered or
not, it's just part of the program. Even saving time while in store with Scan & Go is a nice benefit as well.

So I think it's just part of mix. This is a service that we already offer. We've had a delivery business for
some time now, that's been growing for some time. Really happy with the growth of delivery in the second
quarter and the third quarter. There's been growth in both quarters, and that's exciting to see. I think the
team is doing a nice job figuring out how to leverage delivery costs and putting multiple orders in cars.
They're building density all across the country, and that's exciting to see.

I think the second point to make is our merchants are really focused on the omni customer. And so more
and more, I hear from our merchants they're thinking of their business in terms of a customer strategy
rather than a channel strategy. So the lines are blurring between eCommerce and stores, and it's all about
serving the customer the way they want to be served, whether that's letting the customer -- or having the
customer be welcome to shop in store, pick up at the store or delivery.

As far as your question on automation, we're still excited about programs that we have going in our
regional distribution centers and fulfillment centers. In both cases, we've got a lot of innovation, and the
team is doing a great job of figuring out how to deliver to stores and the customers orders that are not
only productive and our variable cost per unit has gone down, even though last quarter, as we mentioned,
with eCommerce losses. But we're doing a nice job of being able to service stores more timely and more
accurately.

And then finally, at the local level, we do continue to have innovations that are starting to really work, and
we're excited about what's in the future when it comes to things like our Alert program that's piloted in
New Hampshire and we have other locations planned for that technology. And then we're also evaluating
other technologies that would help us, of course, expand our capacity in stores to be able to pick and
deliver orders as they come in.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

It's been great to see some of the pilots that we've had in terms of automation start to really work. We'll
be talking to you guys more about that in the future. But automation will be a big part of what we do.
And it will play a role in helping the store experience get better as it reduces the amount of work that
associates have to do at store level just moving freight around.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

I hope you can also see, Oliver, back to your first question that the company is changing and shaping its
business model. The way that we make money today and the way we'll make money in the future will
be more multifaceted, whether it's marketplace or advertising, Walmart+, Walmart fulfillment services
and other things to come in the future. We've just got this great opportunity, this asset, in terms of these
customer relationships and other physical assets that we have to monetize it in a variety of ways. And
we're building those capabilities, and you can start to see it in our results.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Kate McShane.

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just from a promotional standpoint, I think you noted last quarter that competitors, particularly in grocery,
were not promoting as heavily because of the strong demand. I wondered if you could comment in terms
of what you saw with regards to promotions in Q3 and now as we get into holiday for Q4. And just in
general, how much price investment impacted gross margins in the third quarter.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Kate, let me take the first question. In terms of the market in Q2, we did note that we saw less
promotions around the market, and primarily that would have been caused by the number of stock-outs
that we're seeing nationally due to the run-up in what we call the first phase of stocking up at home right
when the pandemic began.

In the third quarter, in food and consumables, there wasn't much change that we noted from the third
quarter to the second. So again, in the quarter, we definitely saw less promotions. As we said earlier, our
price gap versus our competition widened in the second quarter and remained wide in the third quarter.

The difference in late Q3 and then into Q4 would be the different schedules that we're seeing all around
the country regarding holiday events and gift buying. We are excited about the plans that we have in the
fourth quarter. As I said earlier, a number of those events have already happened, and we have more
planned over the course of the month.

I'm really excited about the offer that our entertainment team, our electronics team has put together.
We're excited about the game offers that they have. I'm excited about the items that we have in toys.
We've got 1,300 new items in toys and 800 items that are unique to Walmart in the toy department this
year. And we've gotten great feedback from a number of kids. And our program that we call Walmart
Camp online (sic) [ Camp by Walmart ] has also been really successful this year, and that gave customers
an opportunity to do things at home and spend time together.

So I think the fourth quarter, while we don't have guidance on it today, I think the fourth quarter is
definitely planned well. I think the team here at Walmart have done a great job thinking about safety and
being able to give customers options so they can shop the way that they want to shop and be able to
celebrate their holiday the way they want to and buy gifts from Walmart, and I'm excited about the plan
the team has.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Ed Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Edward James Yruma
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

You guys have made some really good strides in improving the mix in eCom and adding more vendors
to marketplace. I guess how would you score where you sit today? And how should we think about the
incremental opportunity that's still remaining?

C. Douglas McMillon
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

President, CEO & Director

We're just getting started. I think that's the end of the question. I mean, we have made progress, and
I'm grateful for the job that Mark and John and the team have done to build a big marketplace business.
But we've got a lot of upside in front of us and a lot of things that we can do to improve the customer
experience and to drive income for the company.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citi.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I'm curious how much the improvement in the International segment gross margin was driven by
geographic or country mix versus improvements you're seeing in the specific markets. Maybe you can talk
about which market we're seeing the biggest increases in gross margin rate. What's driving that? And just
high level, guys, I'm just curious how you're thinking about planning for 2021 against what has been a
very strong year.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Let's take the International question first, Judith.

Judith McKenna
Executive VP, President & CEO of Walmart International

Yes. Thank you. Yes, the improvement around the world in gross margin levels. Clearly, our biggest
market had an impact, [ Walmex ], in particular, the U.K. and Canada all showing improvements. They
both benefited from daily visits, particularly in the U.K. to high-margin [indiscernible]. But also, there's
a lot of work being done by the teams looking at cost of goods savings, underlying initiatives. And then
we've also seen in some of our eCommerce businesses a shift into marketplaces as well, which has really
helped us. So around the world, it's a combination of factors, driven primarily by our markets, which has
been very pleasing to see.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

As it relates to planning, we look forward to the memo that you'll send us to explain it all. But if we were
to think through it, we're optimistic, as I'm sure all of you are, about how the back half of next year
should start to look a bit more normal. We still have a ways to go to get there. And we'll manage through
it as we have been managing through this year.

We do have momentum in a number of key areas. And the way that I think about it is almost regardless
of what the market number looks like or what the economic environment looks like, we're in control of a
lot of our own destiny. We know what customers want, and we have capabilities and are adding to those
capabilities to be able to serve them. So we're on our front foot. We're thinking about this offensively. And
next year, there'll be tailwinds and headwinds that we're up against. Our in-stock will be better. Our ability
to service customers through eCommerce, including pick and delivery from stores, will be better. We will
have fewer COVID-19 expenses, we hope and pray. And so all of those things, we'll navigate as we go
through the year. But our mindset going in is an offensive mindset.

M. Brett Biggs
Executive VP & CFO

And there's -- we've talked about it before. This is Brett, there's so -- and Doug mentioned earlier, so
many levers we can pull as a company, just given all of the business that we do in various parts of the
world. But also the types of businesses that we have in the U.S. gives us, I think, more flexibility than
some competitors. And it's finding that balance of -- we've got a plan, John, with our merchants. But at

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

the same time, just remaining flexible to deal with what comes our way. But I'm with Doug, I think we
control a lot of that.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

I thought Michael's question to kick things off a few minutes ago was a really good one. We did see
customers, when we started running out of stocks in the first stage of the stock-up period, they ran to
local grocers and that's totally understandable. They also tried to shop close to home and went to small
stores more frequently. That's also totally understandable. And our in-stock struggled. And so when I think
about next year, with our in-stock being there, the price gaps that we have, I feel like we've got a great
opportunity next year as we look at what's in front of us.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Seth Sigman with Crédit Suisse.

Seth Ian Sigman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I wanted to follow up on a couple of those points, focused on online grocery. I think there was a
conventional view a couple of years ago that there was a ceiling as it relates to online penetration or
penetration of online grocery when using the store. It would just be limited to a point before it becomes
disruptive to the store. What are you guys learning about that?

And if you could also discuss the progress in increasing capacity for online grocery. I know you held it back
in Q1 because of inventory. You discussed last quarter a big pickup in the number of slots. So how is that
progressing? And any other efforts to increase the efficiency so that you can support that incremental
volume into next year? That would be helpful.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Got it. This is John. Thanks for the question. Back to your very first statement of online grocery, we've
really reframed online grocery this year to just be online pickup and delivery. And more and more, we're
offering more items in the supercenter that are available for pickup. And the supercenter, which is just a
fantastic retail format, is also at times of the year operated as a fulfillment center. We have up to 2,500
stores that were shipping for home. We still have hundreds going to the quarter. And the team has done
-- have done a very nice job using all parts of the supply chain to fulfill our eCommerce demand, which
would be reflected in the results that we saw in the quarter of growth of 79%.

As far as picking itself, over the course of the year, the team did struggle in the first quarter, obviously,
with the number of out of stocks that we had, and we pulled some capacity back as we focused on getting
the stores back in stock. And then as the stores have gotten back in stock, as we said earlier, we've
doubled the number of people that are working in our pickup department, up to 140,000. So a very
significant increase over the year before.

We're using machine learning to figure out the best way to put labor against these slots, also when to pick
the slots and then went to determine what we can fill. So we've got some nice productivity improvements
there.

On top of our regular pick system, which is basically the slot system, we launched Express Delivery. That's
live in 2,700 stores, and we're really excited about the results in the first 3 quarters of the year with
Express. So that's been exciting.

And then looking forward, every week now, we've got literally millions of slots that are open and available
for customers to select from. And we'll keep working on the things that we can do in the short term to
gain capacity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

The final thing I'd say is we are excited about what we call micro fulfillment centers. So these would be
automated solutions. There's a storage and retrieval system live at a storage just a few miles from here
that we're optimistic about, including others that are planned around the country for the next couple of
years.

So I think the ability for Walmart to be a real leader in the online pickup and delivery space is real, and
I'm excited about the opportunities it has for us in the next couple of years.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett.

Charles P. Grom
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Great quarter, guys. Sorry for the near-term question, but there's some news out there this morning from
Amazon on the free 2-day delivery on Rx. So I guess I'm curious what you think about this development.
And if you could also remind us what percentage of your sales come from pharmacy? And I guess, bigger
picture, how that business has trended recently and any tweaks you can make moving forward.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Chuck, I'd just say in general, we're very excited about health and wellness at Walmart. And health and
wellness had a great quarter last quarter. It was one of our best businesses. The team have opened a
number of clinics, and we have more plans. Our optimism about the health and wellness space remains
high.

Throughout the year, we've been delivering prescriptions via mail. We've done this for some amount of
time. And then we've expanded the capacity in the summer. So we've got really broad coverage on the
ability to deliver prescriptions around the country.

And then also during the pandemic, in all stores, all supercenters that don't have a drive-through, we also
launched curbside pickup. So that customers who need their prescription could pick up their prescription
outside the pharmacy. And then we've got 4,000 stores now in 30 states that have no-contact delivery
options.

So the team has done a nice job innovating and serving the customer, and we just opened another central
fill pharmacy here in Rogers, Arkansas that services home and stores. So we're pretty optimistic about
the ability for the pharmacy team to continue to innovate and grow as the customer needs over the next
couple of years.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Sam's Club has been going through a similar innovation cycle during the pandemic, adding curbside,
learning how to do delivery. Things have all accelerated there.

So kind of back to Peter's question earlier. We're building out an omnichannel health and wellness
business, and it will include the big pharmacy business that we have now, vision, hearing, OTC, the things
that happen in-store and online, and then increasingly services, as you can see through our addition of
clinics. So I think omnichannel and health and wellness will matter every bit as much as it does in the rest
of retail.

Are we wrapping up there? So just as we're wrapping up here, thank you for your questions. Really
appreciate your interest in the company. We're optimistic about the fourth quarter. I love the position that
we're in and just grateful to our associates for a strong Q3 and a strong year. Thank you all.

Operator
Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and
we thank you for your participation.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

WALMART INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

