The Western Union Company NYSE:WU
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.46

0.57

23.91

0.48

1.78

-

1.98

Revenue  (mm)

1245.34

1258.50

1.06

1275.51

4815.28

4815.81

5020.78

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2020 10:06 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.43

0.42

0.35

0.46

0.38

0.44

0.41

0.57

SURPRISE

(11.63 %)

4.76 %

17.14 %

23.91 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brendan James Metrano
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

James Eric Friedman
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Kenneth Christopher Suchoski
Autonomous Research LLP

Matthew Casey O'Neill
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Rayna Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Timothy Edward Chiodo
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Western Union Company Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Brendan Metrano, Vice President of Investor Relations at
Western Union. Please go ahead.

Brendan James Metrano
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. On today's call, we will discuss the company's third quarter results, our financial outlook for
2020, and then we will take your questions. Slides that accompany this call and webcast can be found
at westernunion.com under the Investor Relations tab and will remain available after the call. Additional
operational statistics have been provided in supplemental tables with our press release. Western Union is
still following a work from home policy.

So on our remote call today is our CEO, Hikmet Ersek; our CFO, Rajesh Agrawal; and Head of Treasury
and Investor Relations, Brad Windbigler. Today's call is being recorded and our comments include forward-
looking statements.

Please refer to the cautionary language in the earnings release and in Western Union's filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, including the 2019 Form 10-K for additional information concerning
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.

During the call, we will discuss some items that do not conform to generally accepted accounting
principles. We have reconciled those items to the most comparable GAAP measures on the Investor
Relations website. We will also discuss certain adjusted metrics. Although the expenses that have been
excluded from adjusted metrics are specific to these initiatives, the types of expenses are similar to those
that the company has previously incurred and can reasonably be expected to incur in the future.

All statements made by Western Union officers on this call are the property of the Western Union company
and subject to copyright protection. Other than the replay noted in our press release, Western Union has
not authorized and disclaims responsibility for any recording, replay or distribution of any transcription of
this call.

I will now turn the call over to our CEO, Hikmet Ersek.

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Brendan, and thank you all for joining our earnings call this afternoon. I'm pleased to say that
our business continues to rebound from the global shock caused by COVID-19 pandemic and delivered
solid third quarter results with improving top line trends, operating margin expansion and very strong
earnings per share. The quick and dramatic rebound we experienced beginning late in the second quarter
reinforces our conviction in the solid foundation of our business and the effectiveness of our strategy.

Although macro uncertainty globally remains elevated, the resilience of our business, employees and
customers gives us optimism that prospects for the global community and our company are headed in the
right direction. Given improved visibility into market dynamics and the trajectory of our business, we have
reissued a financial outlook for full year 2020, which Raj will discuss in more detail shortly.

Moving to the third quarter results. As you may recall, we saw robust consumer-to-consumer trends in
the later part of the second quarter and into July. The performance carried through the third quarter
with transactions growth of 6% and cross-border principal growth of over 20%. Year-to-date, our cross-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

border principal is up 8%, which strongly suggests we are outperforming the remittance market-based on
previous independent forecasts.

The primary driver of the sequential improvement in our C2C business was retail money transfer, led by
improving transaction trends and strong growth in principal per transaction, while the digital business
stayed elevated. The quality and scale of our network continues to be an important differentiator that
allows us to better attract and retain customers who choose to transact at a physical location or digitally.

Our digital channels continue to perform exceptionally well, both westernunion.com and digital
partnerships. Digital money transfer transactions grew 96% in the third quarter and reached new highs
for both westernunion.com and digital partnership transactions. We also generated a new quarterly high of
over $230 million of digital money transfer revenue accounting for 21% of C2C revenue and 31% of C2C
transactions.

Westernunion.com continued to deliver impressive performance in the third quarter, generating
approximately 50% transaction growth and approximately 45% monthly average active customer growth
both for the second consecutive quarter. According to the mobile market intelligent firm Sensor Tower,
westernunion.com once again led peer money transfer companies for mobile app downloads by a wide
margin in the third quarter. So the targeted investments we are making in customer acquisition and
engagement are clearly paying off.

At the same time, we continue to see the general pricing environment as stable. The foundation of
our digital success is an unmet omnichannel platform. The vast majority of our digital transactions are
paid out at the Western Union agent location. The omnichannel capability continues to be a competitive
advantage for Western Union as this type of physical payout transactions is challenging for digital startups
to execute.

At the same time, Western Union account-to-account capabilities with payout in the billions of accounts
in over 120 countries, including real-time payouts in 80 countries to select bank accounts and wallets is
allowing the company to continue to capture incremental growth in the fast-growing account-to-account
channels with our account to account on transactions up over 130% in the quarter.

As we previously discussed, we are extending the capabilities we have developed with our branded
retail and westernunion.com offerings to third-party partners to target a new and incremental market,
which was using cross-border net banking for cross-border money transfer. We are focused on financial
institutions who have customers with cross-border money movement needs that historically use more
costly and less efficient services like the correspondent banking system, and now they are seeing the
advantages of switching to our high-quality and efficient cross-border platform.

We have seen the early success as our initial partnerships are delivering meaningful results, and the
pipeline continues to build. This go-to-market approach and advantaged competitive position in digital
should support strong long-term top line growth for years to come. Importantly, the digital business is
value-enhancing for us.

First, it is highly incremental. Over 80% of westernunion.com customers are new to Western Union
company, and our account to account is growing in a new attractive segment of customers that generally
have not used our service in the past. In addition, the digital partnership business targets a large market
opportunity that Western Union has historically not participated in, which represents roughly half of the
$700 billion C2C remittance market.

Second, the digital channels have strong profitability on both at dollar and margin basis. Overall, the
economics of the westernunion.com business today are similar in the nature to the retail business.
For digital third party, although the revenues per transaction is lower, margins are even higher and
incremental to overall margins, and this business is still in early stages. As this business continues to ramp
up, it should help drive margin expansion for the company.

Now putting the pieces together, the digital business is an important source of incremental profit for the
company. The large business-to-business market is another important long-term growth opportunity.
Our Business Solutions segment which represents approximately 7% of total company revenue has been

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

affected by macro headwinds related to COVID-19 over the past 2 quarters due to exposure to small
to medium-sized enterprises, travel and tourism and education. However, both revenue and margins
improved from the second quarter.

Long-term prospects remain favorable, and we are positioning the business for a recovery pushing forward
with payment product enhancements like our new refunds and vendor payment product within global pay
for students and support for more currencies in our mass payment products.

Moving to our strategy and near term objectives. Over the third quarter, we gained a better understanding
of the effects of the pandemic on our market, our ability to adapt our strategy and opportunities available
in the new normal. This experience coupled with consideration of risk and reward reaffirms to us that
we should rigorously pursue key objectives for our growth strategy. We continue to develop our digital
offerings, including significant investment in customer acquisition for westernunion.com, data analytics
capabilities to enhance customer insight and dynamic pricing and infrastructure to support third-party
services.

We remain focused on advancing our solid pipeline of third-party prospects. We are ramping up our
platform initiative and continue to invest in technology to move more of our operations to the cloud. This
will provide a more flexible and scalable infrastructure to enhance current execution and our competitive
position. It will also support growth, including both current initiatives like our digital third-party business
and new use cases that may arise in the future, such as additional services for consumers, businesses and
governments.

We are further enhancing our market-leading network by improving the coverage, cost and quality. Year-
to-date, we have renegotiated agreements with nearly 340 existing agents and added 90 new agents with
over 18,000 locations. We also continue to add additional wallet and card payout capabilities and we are
on track to achieve 100 countries with real-time account payout capabilities by the year-end.

Our focus on lean management, which we call WU Way, has enabled good progress in creating a more
efficient organization. We are on pace with the savings targets we described during our September 2019
Investors Day. Specifically, we expect to deliver, at least, $50 million in annual productivity savings this
year as well as the 3-year target of $150 million.

So in closing, the third quarter 2020 was an important chapter for Western Union. Our business continued
the recovery that began during the second quarter, and we delivered solid financial results. Like many
global CEOs, I am hoping the COVID-19 pandemic comes to an end soon, and our society can live in a
less risky and safer environment. We all need to take the preventative steps to avoid further spread of the
COVID-19 virus and get back to a new normal as soon as possible.

At the same time, Western Union's future continues to be very exciting. We have strong conviction that
we will achieve the key initiatives underlying the strategy that will enable us to drive meaningful profitable
growth for years to come.

With that, I will turn the call over to Raj.

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Hikmet, and good afternoon, everyone. My comments today will focus on third quarter results,
along with our newly reissued financial outlook for 2020 and some high-level thoughts as we look forward
to the remainder of the year.

As Hikmet discussed earlier, the position of the business improved during the third quarter, supported by
the foundation we started to lay last year with our digitally focused growth strategy. We see our growth
strategy taking shape with the continued rebound of our resilient retail business from the impact of
COVID-19, strong top line and customer trends for westernunion.com and significant incremental growth
from digital partnerships.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Digging into the details of the third quarter, revenue of $1.3 billion, declined 4% compared to the prior
year period, while constant currency revenue declined 1%, a substantial improvement from last quarter.
Currency translation net of the impact from hedges, reduced third quarter revenue by approximately $41
million compared to the prior year, primarily due to the depreciation of the Argentine peso.

The decline in the peso negatively impacted reported revenue by 3%, while the effect of inflation
on our Argentina businesses is estimated to have positively impacted constant currency revenue by
approximately 1%.

In the C2C segment, revenue declined 1% or was flat on a constant currency basis, with transaction
growth offset primarily by the impact of mix. Transactions grew 6% for the quarter, led by 96% growth
for digital money transfer, partially offset by declines for retail money transfer. It is worth noting that the
sequential improvement in C2C transactions from minus 8 in the second quarter was primarily attributable
to improving retail trends, while our digital business sustained its high growth.

Total C2C cross-border principal increased 23% on a reported basis or 24% constant currency, driven by
growth in digital money transfer. Principal per transaction or PPT was up 13% or 14% constant currency
and it increased across all channels. Multiple factors contributed to higher PPT that can be characterized
broadly as changes in consumer behavior and business mix.

The spread between C2C transactions and revenue growth in the quarter was 7% or 6% constant
currency. Excluding the mix effect of our digital white label partnerships, the spread was close to 0.
Current digital white label partnerships carry a lower revenue per transaction for RPT than Western
Union branded transactions. The partnerships were just getting started in the prior year period and grew
significantly year-over-year, which drove a greater mix of white label partnerships that reduced RPT.

Digital money transfer revenues, which include westernunion.com and digital partnerships, increased
45% or 46% constant currency and accounted for 21% of total C2C revenue and 31% in of total C2C
transactions in the quarter. The spread between digital transaction growth and revenue growth was
primarily attributable to the mix effect of digital white label partnerships that were incremental to the
business this year, in addition to certain strategic pricing actions for westernunion.com. As we mentioned
last quarter, our objective for westernunion.com is to price dynamically to drive customer acquisition,
transactions, and revenue over the long term, which contributes to higher lifetime value of customers.

Westernunion.com revenue grew 33% or 32% constant currency, with cross-border revenue up
approximately 46%, partially offset by continued declines in domestic money transfer, Westernunion.com
transactions increased 53%. As Hikmet noted earlier, we are pleased with the results of the targeted
pricing we employed this quarter to drive customer acquisition for westernunion.com, while overall, we
continue to see the pricing environment as stable.

Within our digital partnership business, digital white label partners continued to perform exceptionally well
with strong transaction growth. There still seems to be some misunderstanding about the profitability of
our digital business. So I would like to take a minute to discuss the economics.

Starting with westernunion.com, which is most of our digital business, the overwhelming majority of the
transactions are funded, [ debit ] card and payout at one of over 550,000 Western Union agent locations
in 200 countries. These transactions have unit economics that are relatively similar to our retail channel,
and over time, we think they could be even more profitable.

The digital third-party business, which today largely consists of only a handful of partners, yields are lower
than Western Union branded transactions because we play reprocessing role. At the same time, margins
are generally higher than Western Union branded digital transactions because we incur fewer costs such
as customer acquisition, fraud losses and funding. So the profitability of our combined digital business is
compelling, particularly compared to native digital players.

To put this in perspective, the mix of digital revenue in our C2C business for the third quarter increased
700 basis points year-over-year from 14% to 21%, and we still generated strong adjusted margins of
23.5%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Turning to the regional results. All regional trends increased sequentially from the second quarter, led by
improvement in retail and bolstered by continued strong growth in digital money transfer. North America
revenue trends improved to flat year-over-year on a reported basis and grew 1% on a constant currency
basis on transaction growth of 1%. Both constant currency revenue and transaction growth were driven
by the U.S. outbound business, primarily sends to the Latin America and Caribbean region, partially offset
by continued declines in U.S. domestic money transfer which was less than 5% of total company revenue
during the quarter.

Revenue in the Europe and CIS region improved and increased 3% on a reported basis or 1% constant
currency on transaction growth of 24%. And constant currency revenue growth was led by Germany,
France and Russia. Spread between constant currency revenue and transaction growth was primarily due
to channel mix driven by the digital white label business in Russia. Revenue in the Middle East, Africa and
South Asia region also improved and increased 2% on both a reported and constant currency basis, while
transactions grew 15%. Qatar and Saudi Arabia led with solid constant currency revenue growth in the
quarter, while the UAE continued to experience economic pressure resulting from COVID-19.

The spread between constant currency revenue and transaction growth was attributable to strong
growth in Saudi Arabia, driven by the digital white label business. Revenue in the Latin America and
Caribbean region improved substantially, but still decreased 21% on a reported basis or 8% constant
currency on transaction declines of 21%. The combination of restrictive government policy responses
to COVID-19 in some countries, coupled with high rates of inspection in the region contributed to the
negative performance in the quarter. We've also not seen the same offsetting benefits from digital [ in
lockdown ] due to slower adoption by governments for electronic compliance methods, which have
generally been adopted in other regions.

Revenue in the APAC region also improved and increased 4% on a reported basis or 5% constant currency.
Constant currency revenue growth was primarily led by Australia. Transactions declined 6%, primarily
driven by the Philippines domestic business, which has limited impact on revenue.

Business Solutions revenue trends improved from the second quarter but decreased 11% on a reported
basis, or 13% constant currency and represented 7% of company revenues in the quarter. Revenue
declines were the result of ongoing impact of COVID-19 on the business as cross-border trade has
declined and small and medium-sized enterprises have reduced visibility to future hedging and payment
needs.

Other revenues represented 5% of total company revenues and declined 33% in the quarter. Other
revenues primarily consist of retail bill payments in both Argentina and the U.S. as well as money orders
in the U.S. The revenue decline was due to the depreciation of the Argentine peso and the ongoing impact
of COVID-19.

Turning to margins and profitability. I will focus on consolidated margins as segment margins are not
comparable with the prior year period due to expense allocation changes implemented in the first quarter
of 2020. Consolidated GAAP operating margin was 22.7% in the quarter compared to 15.1% in the prior
year period. The increase was primarily due to restructuring costs incurred in the prior year period in
conjunction with current year productivity savings and additional cost management measures, partially
offset by revenue declines.

Additional cost savings realized in the quarter mainly reflect the timing of certain expenses or lower levels
of expenses related to business activity, such as lags in hiring or travel. I'll talk more about margin drivers
for the remainder of the year when I discuss the reissued 2020 financial outlook in a moment.

We incurred $9 million in restructuring expenses in the third quarter related to our productivity program.
We continue to expect total restructuring-related expenses of approximately $150 million. And since the
start of this, we have incurred approximately $140 million. Adjusted operating margin in the third quarter
was 23.5% compared to 22.3% in the prior year period, with expansion driven by the same factors stated
previously and adjusted for restructuring and M&A costs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Foreign exchange hedges had a negative impact of $1 million in the current quarter and a benefit of
$10 million in the prior year period. The GAAP effective tax rate was 12.4% in the quarter compared to
16.8% in the prior year period, while the adjusted tax rate was 12.7% compared to 18% in the prior year
period. The decrease in the GAAP and adjusted effective tax rate was primarily due to higher prior period
domestic pretax income due to the sales of Speedpay and Paymap businesses, offset by increased discrete
expenses in the current period.

GAAP earnings per share in the quarter was $0.55 compared to $0.32 from the prior year period.
Year-over-year EPS growth benefited from higher restructuring expenses incurred in 2019, additional
productivity and cost earnings in 2020 and a lower effective tax rate and share count, partially offset by
revenue declines.

Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.57 compared to $0.49 in the prior year period with the
increase due to the factors stated previously and adjusted for restructuring and M&A costs.

Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Year-to-date cash flow from operating activities was $586
million. The year-over-year decline in operating cash flow was primarily due to the timing of payments
for restructuring and other activities partially offset by lower income tax payments and an increase in
operating income.

Capital expenditures in the quarter were approximately $22 million. At the end of the quarter, we had cash
of $1.3 billion and debt of $3 billion. Our financial position is among the strongest within our payments
peer group. We have an undrawn $1.5 billion revolving credit facility and no significant debt maturities
until 2022.

We returned $92 million in dividends to shareholders in the third quarter and had no share repurchases.
The outstanding share count at quarter end was 411 million shares and we had $783 million remaining
under our share repurchase authorization, which expires in December 2021.

Turning to our financial outlook. Note that we have made key assumptions that the current economic
environment will persist for the remainder of the year with no significant worsening of the current
pandemic. We expect GAAP revenues for the full year to be down high single digits due to the impact of
COVID-19 and the 2019 divestitures of Speedpay and Paymap.

On an adjusted constant currency basis, which excludes the impact of the divestitures and Argentina
inflation, we expect revenues to be down mid-single digits. The spread between transaction growth and
revenue growth should temporarily widen further in the fourth quarter as we continue to cycle through
incremental year-over-year digital white label transactions and some targeted price increases in the fourth
quarter of 2019. The gap should narrow over 2021 as these factors diminish.

As I mentioned earlier, excluding the mix impact, from the significant ramp-up in the digital white label
business, C2C transactions and revenue growth were similar to each other in the third quarter. GAAP
operating margin is expected to be approximately 20%, while the adjusted operating margin is expected
to be approximately 21%.

I'd like to provide some context on cadence of quarterly margins recall that in the early stages of
the pandemic, we slowed a number of initiatives and investments due to significant macroeconomic
uncertainty. As business conditions improve during late second quarter and third quarter, we pushed
forward the previously planned activities but there could be a lag of weeks to months before some of the
associated costs actually hit the P&L. So the fourth quarter will incur a higher level of expenses.

Although we are expanding margins in line with our original 2020 targets, GAAP EPS for the year is
expected to be in the range of $1.72 to $1.77, while adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the
range of $1.80 to $1.85.

To recap, we are pleased with the financial results and progress of our business this quarter as we
continue to rebound from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and advance our growth strategy.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Looking forward, our business is well positioned for continued progress with solid market fundamentals
and an effective strategic agenda, which we believe will create long-term value for our customers and our
shareholders. Thank you for joining our call today.
And operator, we are now ready to take questions.[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from
Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

When we look at the actual additions that you have in your business and the transaction growth versus
principal, looks like principal per transaction was up meaningfully double digits. And I think you mentioned
something about types of customers driving these. I guess I'd be curious to hear what you're seeing --
how you're seeing this trend, is the current principal per transaction sustainable? And maybe if these new
customers are really sticky for you guys?

And then just bigger picture, when we look at the digital mix here, I know it's a little early to ask this, but
once we anniversary, hopefully, some of these trends, and let's call it, middle of next year, do you think
that this 28% plus type mix from digital is sustainable at that rate based on behavioral trends of what
you're seeing in your base?

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

Darrin, this is Raj. On the first question -- on PPT trends, we're quite pleased to see that we're still
learning, I would say, in this environment because people have changed your behavior a bit. Certainly,
the customers that are remaining in our business are the customers that they're transacting at a high
level, but they also have a higher ability to pay or to send money, and so they're sending higher principal
amounts.

Even the new customers that are coming into our business are inhibiting the same kind of characteristics.
I would say that it kind of remains to be seen on how long this is going to stay in place. But most of the
customers that are coming in, they say they're going to continue to use us. And there's certainly a strong
need for the receive markets to keep receiving money. So it's going to continue in the short term, but
we're going to have to see how this plays out longer term.

Hikmet, do you want to add anything to that or?

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think, Darrin, the customers we acquire, especially the digital ones with westernunion.com, they are
new to us. We know that 80% of the customers, they use us, and they are more stickier. They stay and
they use a higher principal. They use their cards, accounts or debit cards and are stickier. And they stay,
and we have with them a direct connection with our westernunion.com, loyal customers. So we'll allow
that -- which direction that goes also with the higher principal.

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

And your question around digital mix, yes, on your question around digital mix, we had a dramatic
turnaround in the retail business in the third quarter. It's still declining on the retail side, but it's much
better than it was in the second quarter, and we still maintain roughly 20% mix on digital. So we think
that digital will continue to be a very strong contributor. It's running now at $230 million of revenue this
quarter. So we still see good growth opportunities there. And we want to do everything we can to bring
the retail business back and also maintain that kind of a digital mix.

Operator

The next question comes from Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America?

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

To start with kind of a trajectory question on the C2C business, I was wondering just kind of how the
quarter progressed month-to-month and what you've been seeing in October so far relative to the 6%
number that you saw for the full quarter in Q3.

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Well, generally, I would say that the business is improving and improving day by day, and we like how and
which direction the business going, I mean big contributions are -- retail is coming back, big contribution
is the digital growth, it's really in the high revenue growth.

And additionally, incrementally is also our third parties, right. Their digital transactions, really adding to
our success currently. And it looks like we are gaining market share just compared with the independent
outside [ such is like, The World Bank ] look at -- 8% on principal gain has been pretty good. So I would
say that it's all over.

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean, the third quarter trends you asked within the quarter, I would say there were some holidays
and other impacts. So it's not really that -- when you look at the monthly data, it's not that relevant. It's
more important to look at the entire quarter, and about 6% transaction growth is really a good level for
the -- for where the business is. And October, I would say, is just in line with our expectations, so nothing
new there at this stage.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. And just in terms of capital deployment, I mean, obviously, you guys suspended the buyback back
when COVID hit, and now the business is clearly on firmer footing. You've reinstated guidance, which
is great to see. So just curious how you guys are thinking about what needs to happen before you're
comfortable buying back stock again?

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Well, as you know, we still have an authorization for buyback stock, right. The environment definitely
still -- we are still in the pandemic situation. We are still looking around, but we feel day-by-day more
confident about our business. And our dividend policy has been very good, and we will definitely consider
other ways of giving back to the shareholders as we get more confident about our business.

Operator

Next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So the retail improved nicely, that's great. I'm curious, just with thinking about the guidance that's
reinstated, as Jason mentioned, the mid single-digit decline, I think you're at 3.5% down year-to-date,
Raj, if I'm correct. If so, are you expecting or bracing for potentially things get a little bit weaker in the
fourth quarter? Or is that just conservatism on your part?

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

No, no. It's -- the tables don't exclude the benefit of Argentina. So that's embedded in the year-to-date
numbers and the outlook we've given excludes the impact of Argentina inflation. So Argentina inflation
was about 150 basis points year-to-date. So that -- you have to take that into your account as well, Tien-
Tsin. So it's really -- for the fourth quarter, I would say that -- yes, for the fourth quarter, we haven't really

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

assumed a material change in trends. So we're expecting more of the same. Obviously, we'll see whatever
the pandemic does. But generally, we would expect more of the same sort of trends.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Thank you for correcting me there. On the targeted pricing that you mentioned, on the digital side, is that
reactionary or maybe opportunistic to acquire customers when digital demand is so high right now? Just
trying to think about what the motivation there was.

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

It's not -- as you know, we are seeing so many corridors with our westernunion.com and sending money
to 200 countries, more than 75 countries, sending money to 200 countries, and we are adapting our prices
to new countries. And we also talked about the dynamic pricing. We are changing the pricing. It's typical
thing, it's nothing special as we are doing corridor pricing, as we are doing holidays pricing and that's what
we are really focused on, nothing extraordinary here that's reacting to the customer needs.

And Tien-Tsin, also, as you know, the market has been quite stable in the pricing market. So that's -- it's
also we really can go and have a targeted actions for loyal customers. So that's important and you can see
that we are very successful there.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. And as you said, the LTV is high once you get the digital customer.

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Absolutely.

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, we had 47% growth in the active average monthly customers in [ dot.com ] so that's much more
sticky business than other parts of our business.

Operator

Next question comes from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes, it's good to see the progress, at least. That's definitely positive. I wanted to ask on the last quarter
when we showed July transaction trends for wu.com, digital transfer and C2C, and they were quite a bit
higher than where they ended up coming out with the quarter. That decel we saw, is that all explained
away by the holiday? Or was there also some decel in the fundamental business in those 3 metrics?

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. There's a lot of calendar stuff going on between July and August and September, and that's why the
most representative numbers are for the full quarter. Regardless of which channel you're talking about. So
on the digital side, we started to see some grow over from the digital white label business that began last
year. So that's some of what you're seeing there. But otherwise, it's really the full quarter numbers that
are more relevant to really pay attention to there, Bryan.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Got it. And then when I back into the fourth quarter EPS number on an adjusted basis, you came quite a
bit ahead on the quarter in adjusted earnings, but when I back into the fourth quarter, it looks like it's a
little bit below Street. And it looks like the margins might be down a little bit on a year-over-year basis.
But just to make sure I understand that point, Raj, it sounds like there are some investments that will be
made that were kind of pushed off and caused the margins potentially to drop in that fourth quarter, which
might be what we didn't model correctly on the Street.

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Given the performance that we've had so far, we did hold back on some planned spending in the
second and third quarter, Bryan, that is now -- we started to relaunch some of the spending in the latter
part of the third quarter, which will hit mostly in Q4. And what we're really pleased with this that we're
now at 21% for the full year for our outlook for margins, which is really -- it's our original margin objective
for the year, even in a very down revenue environment.

So we're really pleased with that, and I think it just gives you a sense of the flexibility we have and our
operating model with our 55% to 60% of our costs being variable in nature. So we're very pleased with
that. And I don't see the fourth quarter really being as representative of the baseline of the business, it's
more about the full year numbers for us. Hikmet, you wanted to add something?

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, I just want to add something because all these investments, which we are doing Q4, Bryan,
are really investments for -- also for the future. As we outlined in the -- in our September 2019 part is
definitely the marketing, but we are investing heavily in the technology and continue to put everything,
as I mentioned earlier, to cloud. And we are really improving here and which will make us even more
competitive in the future, I think, and more effective, I believe. And we are still committed to our $150
million 3-year savings. So that brings -- this year, we are confident with our 21% margin. And that's what
we gave in the beginning of the year before COVID-19.

Operator

The next question comes from Rayna Kumar of Evercore.

Rayna Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So if we take a 3 to 4 quarter view when we might have a vaccine and borders reopen without a 14-day
quarantine, would an increase in migration improve your cross-border money transfer growth rate further,
assuming we have moderate job creation and high GDP per capita countries to drive it?

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Well, we all wait for the vaccine, right? That's something that make us all probably better and we turn
to new normal. One thing is clear from a CEO point of view, I can only say you that there will be a new
normal. Things will be different, but we are where, as you could see that we are very confident for the
future. I think as we were prepared during COVID-19 with our digital, with our global network and with
our platform, I think we are also getting ready for the new opportunities.

Of course, the migration helps our business, of course, exports imports more SME using export imports
helps our business. Students pay when the students go to the universities, again and cross border, that
helps our business. But at the same time, it shows also that even during COVID-19, how strong our brand
is, how trustworthy it is, how much we are -- customers like us. They are coming and using us and even
-- it shows even how we are gaining market share. So I hope it could answer your question a little bit on
that.

Rayna Kumar

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's very helpful. And then for the last several quarters, you've been highlighting really strength in your
white label partnerships, specifically in Russia and with Saudi Telecom. Maybe if you can speak a little bit
about where there's other opportunities to have those white label partnerships.

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I mean, we are very -- our platform is even adapting to the white label partners. As you could
imagine that signing a bank, a larger bank or signing a financial institution or telecom company that after
signing that integration takes a little bit of time. And we are -- we do have pipelines, and we do have
some signed agreements, some smaller, some bigger, and that will contribute also in the future to our
white label growth and we are excited.

And the good thing is also, we see that and shows us also as incremental because this financial institutions
were using correspondence banking in the past, which is quite difficult to send money from cross-border
and expensive. So -- and we do have programs, compliance, for examples [indiscernible] programs state
oversight, which are really probably one of the best in the industry. So many financial institutions turning
to us saying that, okay, for instance, can you drop for us the exhibit currencies in these countries? Can
you do that because you're in 200 countries, and you have a great platform. So this is something that I'm
excited about.

Operator

The next question comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just wanted to follow-up on the white label. Comments that you just made. When we think -- obviously,
there's lots of opportunity, et cetera. But how do we think about how expansive those can be and what
your limits are in maybe any particular geography or if there's exclusivity? Just trying to think about how
broadly you could take those partnerships.

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

So on white label, as I said, James, it's a great question. And white label is, though, this is a different
environment. The people -- the financial institutions are using correspondence banking already. The
customer -- for customers to send money, especially to an exotic currencies, let's say, from dollar
environment to an exotic currencies or from euro environment to different currencies worldwide, it's a
struggle.

And that's that sending in minutes, we have the real-time payments in accounts. We have real-time cash
payouts. And these are big advantages for us. If you drop money in minutes on a location or send money
in real-time to an account in the different currencies, this is probably the biggest advantage we offer to
the financial institution.

So it's not about exclusivity, it's not exclusive, they already use different methods. It's really replacing,
let me say, the struggle they have or costly system they have replacing with our most -- more efficient
system and serving their customer in a better way.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. And then as Raj highlighted the strength of the balance sheet and overall capital position. I'm
wondering how do you think about and you already pay a nice dividend. How do you think about returns
incremental to the dividend, whether it be buybacks versus M&A? And are you seeing opportunities
perhaps to put that capital to work in buying new technologies or other businesses, et cetera?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Generally, I would say that as we feel much more comfortable about business, we are not pre COVID yet,
but the direction is good. And our programs were pre-COVID, designed pre-COVID and announced pre-
COVID. So that's why we have the -- still on buyback, $780 million left, Raj?

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

Yes.

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

And we get more confident about the business. On the M&A side, I mean, given our financial strength, we
will always look at the market. It has to have the right return, and it has to have to be aligned with our
strategy. And that's where we are definitely looking if there is opportunities for us, growth opportunities
or even synergy opportunities where we can be more active. We are definitely active in the market also.
But I think, from my point of view, I feel much more confident about the business. And I think that the
shareholder return has been always on top of my agenda.

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Our capital priorities have not really changed, James. It continues to be to invest in the business to
have the organic growth that we have and it's largely digital and technology improvements. We pay a very
healthy dividend, as you mentioned. That's a key priority. Third would be M&A opportunities that fit nicely
within our cross-border payment strategy. And then the fourth one, an important one, would be stock
buyback to the extent we have excess cash flow. So that's really the priority that we think about whenever
we're making investment decisions.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal of Barclays.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask you about the Kroger relationship, and there was a change there in terms of exclusivity
could you help us sort of dimensionalize how you're thinking about that? Is it -- you have a very
diversified business. So will it be perceptible if you lose a little share in that particular client or not?

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Well, we just announced our Kroger relationship, and we are very happy after 35 years, we again
extended our relationship. I think with Kroger, it's a great part and we have a very good partnership. And
it's -- but one of our partners globally, I think none of our apartments are bigger than 5% of our revenue
globally, right? And we have thousands of partners globally, and it's one of the partners, which we like the
35-year old relation very much.

Look, on the exclusivity or non-exclusivity, worldwide we are acting -- like one of our most successful
market is the Middle East Gulf states, and they have been always a nonexclusive market, and we've been
very much successful there, and we are expanding our market. By the way, the biggest exclusive agent is
westernunion.com, right. I mean we are on agent, which has been doing very well. And along this quarter
growing very -- again, from a very huge pace, again, growing very strong. And that shows also how we
can operate in an exclusive or nonexclusive market, how the customers are choosing us and how we are
gaining current market share. So I think we love Kroger, and we're going to be together, again. We are
looking forward another multiyear agreement with Kroger.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I would say, Ramsey, also most of our agents are well below the 5% threshold. There's none that are
bigger than that in. So it really is a very diversified business mix that we have and but ultimately, we're
also looking at the overall economics to Western Union and what it means as we look at opportunities
around the world.

Operator

Next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

I'm trying to figure out the impact of some of these new shutdowns in France and Germany. Remind
me whether the impact was immediate back in March, April? Or is this a situation where a 3, 4-week
shutdown wouldn't really affect the numbers much. I don't want to minimize the gravity of the situation,
but just from a financial standpoint would that affect you?

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

I think it's a good question. First of all, as you saw second quarter shutdown in the March area, February,
March area is a different shutdown than this shutdown, generally what we see in the market. It's more
focused. I think unfortunately, we learned or the governments learned their lessons how to do the new
restrictions around to control COVID-19 pandemic. It's -- so it is different.

As you know also that our business after the restrictions get a little bit better immediately bounced
back. Also in end of Q2, beginning of Q3 significantly. So I don't expect that this shutdown in France and
Germany is the similar one that it happened in February and March. So I am more confident that it will
have less financial impact to us. That's why we are also confident of our year-end guidance. We learned
also, and that's why we are reissuing our year-end guidance.

Operator

Next question comes from Timothy Chiodo of Crédit Suisse.

Timothy Edward Chiodo
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I wanted to touch on the small but fast growing, I believe, in the slides, 3x growth in terms of the
account payout business, so account on both sides. The payout network has gotten quite large now. You
mentioned billions of accounts, 120 countries, which is the vast majority of GDP, I would assume. I wanted
to talk about a little bit of the mechanics of how this network has been built out to the extent you're
leveraging partners like a Visa Direct and Earthport to get access to accounts?

What portion of this is perhaps proprietary integrations that you've built using your global treasury
network into perhaps local ACH connections, et cetera, really, the mechanics of how you were able to build
out such a broad account to account network?

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think it's -- we have a big advantage, obviously, we are in 200 countries present already, right? The
other fintech companies and other companies struggling to go to another country. Our [ present ], our
licenses, our compliance programs, our settlement programs are already settling so many currencies.

So what we do here is that we really, over the years, as you recall, 2, 3 years ago, we started with the
initiative signing more accounts globally because we believe on real-time with that, we are achieving new
customer segments with higher principal, different customer segments, which did not use us in the past.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

And we have -- and what I like is that most of the team did a great job the regional teams, is it in India,
is it in Turkey or is it in Bangladesh, they did a great job signing the accounts directly, the banks directly
without having to switch.

With that, we do have a more profitable business, direct account to account, we collect from an account,
drop in an account without using a switch. That makes us actually to switch in the middle. We can do
the treasury ourselves. We can do the settlement ourselves. So that's a big advantage. We signed about
billions of accounts or most of them are direct accounts. So what you do is that you sign a bank in China,
and you have a direct access. You've signed a bank in Argentina, you have a direct access, same in Brazil.
And so with that account to account, it's a highly profitable business. It's still small, it's still growing. It's
still -- and the banks on the send side have to promote that, that they can send money via their account
directly to an account in Vietnam, and that's what we are doing.

Operator

Next question comes from Jamie Friedman of Susquehanna.

James Eric Friedman
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Congratulations on the excellent results here. I just wanted to ask the dynamic pricing was a big theme at
Analyst Day. It continues to evolve. What percentage of your constituents, your transactions is dynamic
pricing applicable? Is it only really in the digital environment? Where do you see that evolving to?

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

That's a great question. We did talk about that. We do see also as a big advantage, dynamic pricing,
obviously, especially we can have dynamic pricing from where we are an agent with westernunion.com,
but we also have a retail dynamic pricing. So dynamic pricing is always a definition thing, how dynamic
are you? Are you dynamic minutely? Are you dynamic in quarterly or are you dynamic in country wise or
corridor wise, [ Brent ] wise and we do that.

We are almost like an airliner in many -- some corridors, I would not say we are everywhere yet. We
are really learning and adapting to the customer needs. We build this customer data. Our data is getting
even more intelligent day-by-day to understand and we're getting more influenced -- is it FX rate? Is it
the customer need? Is it the customer loyalty? Is it the corridor? Is it processing fees? Is it holidays? All
these things we are putting in our system and we are coming -- adopting the prices constantly to the
customer needs and that's continue to grow. It's only the beginning. It's a journey, and I believe, being in
200 countries with that, that's huge.

Operator

The next question comes from Ken Suchoski of Autonomous Research.

Kenneth Christopher Suchoski
Autonomous Research LLP

I just want to follow-up on Ramsey's question on Kroger because we got this one a few times over the
last couple of weeks, but that agreement shifted from an exclusive deal to a nonexclusive deal and I know
most agents are below the 5% threshold. But I was curious, what percentage of your total agent locations
and transactions are under exclusive agreements today? And I guess, a follow-up on that is just how do
you think about maintaining that share with Kroger, once Kroger brings in that second offering?

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

So let me start with the second one, maintaining. That's easy because we are winning in the market
anyway. We are operating in many nonexclusive, nonexclusive areas anyway. It's a customer choice.
That's actually -- that's also Kroger's intention being a customer choice who has a better service. If you

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

send money to real-time to an account in Bangladesh or in Vietnam, probably you will go from Kroger and
send money with Western Union and continue to -- if you are a loyal customer to Western Union, you're
going to continue to use.

So I'm not worried about that. We are winning on the nonexclusive environment constantly and obviously,
it shows also the stats currently shows that we are winning. Maybe Kroger is on the top line because it's
the U.S. But once you come with me to Saudi Arabia or to UAE or to other countries, you will see in how
-- which environment we are operating, which is nonexclusive, and the customers are choosing us, the
customer trust us and continue to trust us. Raj, do you want to add anything on that?

Rajesh K. Agrawal
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. On the first part, Ken, as you said, most of our business agents are exclusive in nature, except the
Gulf space and Russia have been nonexclusive for a long time, and we were actually a later entrant into
the Gulf states, but that's a key part of our business, middle East, Africa, South Asia, you know what that
is in terms of percent of total C2C. So I would say still the vast majority of our revenues and transactions
and agents are exclusive.

In Africa, for example, just as another example, you actually cannot have exclusive agreements, but it
doesn't mean you can't work with agents exclusively, but it just depends on how you incent agents in
different parts of the world. So it's a mixture of different kinds of agreements. But -- and ultimately, as
I mentioned earlier, it really ends up being a question of economics, what are the best economics for
Western Union? What kind of opportunities do we have, and that's how we make our decisions on whether
something is exclusive or not. It's not about just the exclusivity, it really is about economics ultimately.

Operator

The next question comes from Kartik Mehta of Northcoast Research.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Hikmet you've talked a lot about dynamic pricing. And I'm wondering now that the digital business is
growing so fast, and there are more competitors at least recognizable competitors on the digital side. Are
you having to adjust pricing more because of just greater demand, greater competition? I'm wondering if
the pricing has to be adjusted more because of that and if you're seeing pricing pressure.

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

First of all, I guess that you saw during my presentation that obviously, customers choose Western Union.
I mean you saw from the downloads they have, app downloads, we are by far the largest at the market,
by far the best choice in the market. And that's not my statistic, that's from third-party independent
statistics, a customer continue to trust us.

I think if you operate in 75% countries and 200 countries, you do adjust your prices or your customer
loyalty programs or your programs cost and marketing programs constantly to the environment. And
that's what we are doing. We see this pricing environment very stable. I think that to drop money in
minutes to somewhere is not everybody's art. We do it in the probably, we believe that we are doing it the
best way. And that's why we are gaining also market share even in digital and especially in digital, and
that also retail is coming back. So that is a big advantage for us. And I don't see big pricing movements
coming in the next near future.

Operator

Next question comes from Matthew O'Neill of Goldman Sachs.

Matthew Casey O'Neill
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Thanks so much for squeezing in here. So I wanted to I wanted to just focus in on Slide 12. First and
foremost, really appreciate Raj, Brendan, you guys putting that together. I think really helpful way to think
about the dynamics of the traditional business versus wu.com and of course, the newer white label.

To dovetail on the conversation you're having with Tien-Tsin, about the customer acquisition cost and
lifetime value. Just kind of thinking ahead here. I suspect there's even a greater delta between wu.com
and the mobile app users as far as the engagement with the brand and the recurring nature of that
business, thinking about how that's going to move forward, given that we've had sort of a COVID-driven
inflection point in the business to incrementally more digital. Is there an opportunity that the stickiness of
those customers could allow for margin expansion starting in '21 and beyond?

Hikmet Ersek
President, CEO & Director

So I think Raj spend a little bit time on the margins of the digital margins. We are very pleased with
the digital margins, actually. And you're absolutely right. I think we are focused on this business, if that
expense really could be also helps in our margin in the future also because you do have less than site
expenses on the sales expense or the agent expenses, and you have direct control here with expenses.

So that may help us but at the same time, we really like the digital -- the stickiness of the customers. We
are now very much focused on how can we have the customers even more sticky. Can we add additional
products to that besides money transfer, can we add additional incremental products, which will drive the
margin and revenue for that. That's something that's very interesting.

Our data is unique. Our data has about 150 million customers globally and for our customers, part of
that is digital customers, but the relationship with the digital customers is unique. And the customers
are asking us, we love your brand would you offer other products also and that's something that we are
definitely looking at that. And in the future, long term, we would like to definitely talk more to you about
these opportunities.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brendan
Metrano for any closing remarks.

Brendan James Metrano
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Andrew, and thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in the Western Union
Company.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

