DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. NasdaqGS:XRAY
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 04, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.65

0.68

Revenue  (mm)

1024.70

1069.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-01-2021 12:46 PM GMT

4.62

4.32

0.81

2.88

3.22

1166.21

4285.36

4501.17

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.64

0.56

0.66

0.65

0.87

0.72

0.71

0.68

35.94 %

28.57 %

7.58 %

4.62 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrea Daley
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Allen Charles Lutz
BofA Securities, Research Division

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Justin Lin
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Korinne N. Wolfmeyer
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Thomas M. Stephan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Yi Chen
H.C. Wainwright & Co, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Q3 2021 Dentsply Sirona Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions]

As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. Now it is my pleasure to hand
the conference over to Andrea Daley, VP, Investor Relations. You may proceed.

Andrea Daley
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2021 earnings conference
call. I'd like to remind you that an earnings call press release and slide presentation related to the call are
available in the Investors section of our website at www.dentsplysirona.com.

Before we begin, please take a moment to read the forward-looking statements in our earnings press
release. During today's call, we make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views about
future performance and financial results. We base these statements and certain assumptions and
expectations on future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our most recent Form 10-K lists
some of the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions.

In today's conference call remarks will be based on non-GAAP financial results. We believe that non-GAAP
financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about financial performance of
our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary
independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics
used by management in operating our business.

Please refer to our press release for the reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results. And with that,
I'd now like to turn the call over to Don Casey, our Chief Executive Officer.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thank you, Andrew, and thank all of you for joining us this morning for Dentsply Sirona's third quarter
earnings call. Overall, we continue to be pleased with the recovery in the dental market, how we are
operating and our prospects for growth in the future. During this quarter, our top line showed strong
growth versus both 2020 and importantly, against the pre-pandemic level in 2019. This growth was seen
across most business units and regions.

And looking at the remainder of the year, we have good momentum, but are mindful that the pandemic
remains a key variable. Before we get into the details of the quarter, I did want to acknowledge the entire
Dentsply Sirona team. Throughout the pandemic and now in the recovery phase, they have remained
focused on delivering for the customer, disciplined in how they operate and committed to making progress
against our strategic goals. It is a privilege to be part of this group.

Moving now to Slide 6. As I mentioned, our financial performance in the third quarter was quite strong
with revenues reaching $1.069 billion. This represents a robust 21% increase on an organic basis. Our
operating margin was 20.2% versus 22% in the prior year as SG&A and R&D investments increased to
reflect the recovery in the market as well as our commitment to innovation. Adjusted non-GAAP EPS was
$0.68, that is an increase versus $0.67 a year ago.

Cash flow was $172 million for the quarter. To provide more details around the quarter, I will now turn the
call over to our CFO, Jorge Gomez.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Thank you, Don. Good morning, and thanks to all of you for joining us to discuss another strong quarter in
our fiscal year 2021. As a reminder, my remarks today will be based on non-GAAP financial results unless
otherwise noted. Please refer to the reconciliation tables at the back of the press release and slides, both
of which are posted in the Investors section of our website.

In the third quarter, we delivered strong revenue growth across the business in both consumables and
T&E. The business delivered organic revenue growth of 21.1% and reported growth of 19.4%. Because the
pandemic makes it difficult to gauge growth, I want to point out that we also posted robust organic sales
growth versus 2019 pre-COVID levels.

Compared to the third quarter of 2019, reported sales grew 11.1% and organic sales grew 10.7%, driven
by growth in both segments and across all regions. This performance against the 2019 baseline confirms
the steady recovery trend we have seen in 2021. Gross profit was $624 million or 58.4% of sales. Our
margin rate remained steady, reflecting a balanced contribution from all of our businesses and a more
normalized mix.

Looking back, we have delivered 150 basis points of gross margin expansion since Q3 2019, the pre-
COVID baseline, attributed to portfolio optimization and our efforts to simplify the organization over the
last few years. As you all know, the global supply chain environment continues to be a challenge in terms
of cost, availability of components and labor across industries. So far, we have been able to meet demand
at a normal pace and continue to work on various operational strategies to minimize the impact to our
customers and to our P&L.

Now turning to SG&A. In the third quarter, we had expenses of $373 million or 34.9% of sales. This ratio
remains below pre-COVID 2019 levels, reflecting the benefits from our efficiency improvement initiatives.
Quarter-over-quarter, SG&A increased as we ramped planned SG&A investments, particularly in sales and
marketing to support our growth plans in strategic areas, including clear aligners, implants and digital
capabilities.

Q3 spending on R&D was up 31.6% year-over-year to $35 million. We expect this level of increased
investment to continue as we are committed to delivering innovation and great solutions to our customers.
As a result of the heightened emphasis on R&D over the last few years, we are pleased to see a much
healthier solutions pipeline, as Don will discuss later.

Turning now to profitability. Operating profit grew to $216 million versus $197 million last year. Operating
margin was 20.2%. Looking back, we have delivered 230 basis points of operating margin expansion
since Q3 2019, the pre-COVID baseline. We have expanded margins and we have also made meaningful
investments in our business, which are essential to fund sustainable long-term growth initiatives.

Net interest and other expense increased versus last year mainly due to the impact from foreign exchange
fluctuations. Regarding taxes in the quarter, our effective tax rate increased to 23.4% from 20.3% in
the prior year quarter, primarily due to the geographic mix of pretax income and our continued business
recovery from COVID.

Turning to earnings. EPS was $0.68 versus $0.67 in the prior year quarter. Moving to segment
performance. Versus the third quarter of 2020, Consumables and Technologies & Equipment grew 15.9%
and 25.3%, respectively. Both segments posted a strong growth across all product categories. The
Consumables segment had sales of $440 million, an organic increase of 15.9% versus the prior year.

Overall growth was strong across all regions and in all categories, most notably within the endo and resto
parts of our portfolio, which represent strategic priorities for our business. This quarter, we launched
ProTaper Ultimate, the first major endodontic platform innovation launched in our endo business in more
than 5 years.

Market reactions thus far have been very positive. Additionally, the rebound in the preventative business,
particularly in the U.S., continued in Q3. The Consumables market has been resilient, and our teams are
executing well through the recovery. Currency favorably impacted consumable sales by 1.3%, offset by a
reduction of 4.8% due to divestitures and discontinued products.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Moving on to Technologies & Equipment segment results. T&E organic sales grew 25.3% versus the
prior year with a strong overall growth in all regions and product categories. Growth was most notably
driven by the digital category and implants. There continues to be a strong momentum on increasing
digital capabilities within dental offices. Demand is high for digital devices such as Primescan and imaging
equipment such as our new Axeos unit.

We are seeing a growing trend in dental offices upgrading from 2D to 3D units, and we are observing this
trend in all global markets. Our Clear Aligners franchise drove a strong year-over-year growth this quarter.
The aligners market continues to grow faster than most categories, and the aligners business is a key
contributor to our growth strategy.

In the dentist directed channel, SureSmile continues its expansion domestically and internationally. In
addition, the new software we recently launched has been positively received by the market due to its
significant user experience enhancements. The upcoming launch of VPro will be another key differentiator
for our SureSmile offering. As you may recall, when we acquired Propel, earlier in the year, we indicated
our intention to utilize it for SureSmile as well.

SureSmile is on track to meet our run rate goal for the year. After a very strong first half in 2021, the DTC
channel experienced softness in Q3. We believe this is largely attributed to COVID recovery dynamics and
seasonality. Given the run rate we are seeing for Byte in the second half of this year, there is a possibility
we may not fully achieve the annualized run rate goal for this year. DTC is an exciting new category in the
dental industry and Byte is strategically positioned for growth with its focus on customer experience and
key differentiators such as HyperByte and high engagement with customers through the entire aligner
journey.

Lastly, within T&E, currency favorably impacted sales by 1.2% as well as a benefit from acquisitions
of 7.7%, offset by a reduction of 9.4% due to divestitures and discontinued products. Now turning to
financial performance by region during the third quarter.

U.S. sales were $399 million, a growth of 25.3% versus last year. Organic sales growth was 20.1%. U.S.
dental sales volumes remain at close to normal levels in both segments despite COVID variants that
spiked late in the quarter. European sales were also $399 million, a growth of 13.6% versus last year.
Organic growth was 17.8%. Similar to the U.S. sales, the majority of product lines in Consumables and
T&E are running at pre-COVID levels or better.

Rest of the World sales were $271 million, a growth of 20.1% versus last year. Organic sales growth
was 27.8%, reflecting recovery in demand across Consumables and T&E. The APAC region has delivered
continued growth for our business throughout the entire fiscal year 2021.

Next, I'd like to cover cash flow. In the third quarter of 2021, we generated operating cash flow of $172
million and free cash flow of $137 million. During this quarter, we paid our regular dividend and repaid
long-term debt of $296 million, which mature in July. We finished the quarter with cash on hand of $281
million. Year-to-date, we have generated $435 million in operating cash flow and $334 million in free cash
flow.

On a year-to-date basis, we have deployed more than $248 million to fund strategic acquisitions, including
Datum and Propel Orthodontics. We have also returned a total of $158 million to shareholders through
dividends and share buybacks. Our financial position and balance sheet remain strong. We are well
positioned to continue to deploy capital strategically.

Now let me provide an update on our financial expectations for 2021. Based on the solid performance of
our business year-to-date and the current market trends, we are increasing our estimates for 2021 as
follows. We are tightening our revenue outlook by increasing the bottom of our range. We now expect
revenues to be in the $4.25 billion to $4.3 billion range.

With respect to EPS, we are increasing and narrowing our estimates for fiscal year 2021. The new EPS
outlook range is now $2.87 to $2.92. This range is based on a new assumption for the euro to USD rate
of 1.16. This is lower than the fiscal year '21 budget assumption of 1.22 and lower than last quarter's
assumption for the second half of the year of 1.18.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Given our long euro exposure, a weaker euro represents a net headwind to our P&L. Overall, we are very
pleased with the current momentum in our business and our new 2021 outlook for revenue and earnings
reflects that confidence.

To close my remarks, we are proud to share the progress we're making in our sustainability journey. As
you may remember, we indicated a few months ago that we were taking substantive steps to advance
sustainability. I am happy to report that just a few weeks ago, we share our sustainability strategy with
a broad range of stakeholders at DS World, and also publish our 2020 Sustainability Report and our 2025
Goals.

It is our commitment to be transparent and accountable with respect to our strategy and goals. Going
forward, we will measure our progress within 3 sustainability verticals, healthy planet, healthy smiles and
Healthy Business. To support our Healthy Smiles pillar, this quarter, we entered into a 5-year partnership
with SmileTrain and committed $5 million to the organization. SmileTrain is a nonprofit organization that
provides corrective surgery for children with cleft lips and palates across the world.

We're excited by the opportunity to help improve oral health for children worldwide. I encourage you
to visit the Sustainability Hub on our website to check out our metrics and actions within each of our
sustainability verticals. We are convinced that our commitment to sustainability will deliver long-term
value to our stakeholders.

With that, I will now turn the call back to Don.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jorge. Moving on, I wanted to provide some additional perspective around our strategy and
priorities going forward. Moving to Slide 17 in the presentation. Our priorities have remained consistent
over the last few years, which has allowed us to stay very focused on delivering consistent results. These
priorities are to grow revenues 4% to 5% long term through a combination of organic and inorganic
activities.

The second is to drive our margin to 22% by 2022. Essential to these efforts is the third priority,
simplifying the organization to better leverage our scale as one of the largest companies in the dental
space. When we meet these goals, we deliver consistent and sustainable double-digit EPS growth.

Moving to Slide 18 to detail some of the progress we've made against those priorities. Growth is our
overriding priority with the objective being to deliver 4% to 5% top line increases long term. We've made
important progress against this goal. In addition to the 21% growth for the quarter. Year-to-date, we have
delivered an increase of [ 35.9% ] versus 2020.

It is also worth noting that for the entire year 2019, the last period prior to the pandemic, organic growth
was 6.1%. This kind of performance gives us confidence in our growth strategy and our priorities. We will
keep driving growth by focusing on 4 areas: They include building on our leading role in digital dentistry;
accelerating our rapidly growing clear aligner franchise; delivering major innovations in critical areas; and
building out our capabilities in faster-growing parts of the world.

Our portfolio moves over the last few years also reflect these priorities and have resulted in increasing
our exposure to faster-growing areas of the dental markets. Turning to the next priority around margin
expansion. We are confident that we will deliver the 22% margin goal by the end of 2022. We are realizing
the benefits of a 3-year restructuring plan as well as portfolio reshaping efforts. Our team also continues
working on simplifying the organization, both structurally as well as how we work.

A great example of this is our comprehensive enterprise modernization program under Jorge's leadership
that increases the use of automation and digital tools across the company to improve efficiency and the
customer experience. These efforts have helped us deliver significant headcount efficiencies, and we are
on track to deliver the $250 million in savings that we outlined in 2018.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Looking out to the future, our strategy outlined on Page 19, is to develop superior integrated workflows
built on diagnostic excellence, easy-to-use treatment planning and essential products that improve
outcomes for patients and dental practices. On Page 20, Dentsply Sirona's impressive digital foundation
is outlined. It starts with a large global footprint in imaging with major brands like Schick, Orthophos,
Gallileos and our newest addition, Axeos.

Our large CEREC franchise that includes both chairside and DI is another critical component in our robust
digital foundation. As Jorge noted, coming out of the pandemic, both of these digital businesses have
strong momentum as dentists globally are looking to upgrade their practices. By adding these more
powerful diagnostic tools like Primescan and 3D imaging, they can incorporate more complex procedures
into their practice with competence.

Adding these more sophisticated diagnostic tools also creates an opportunity to take advantage of
treatment planning for complex cases like implants and clear aligners. Treatment planning helps the
dentists map out the entire procedure. This increases their efficiency while elevating their confidence,
which can lead to better results for the patients.

Dentsply Sirona is one of the largest providers of treatment planning in all of dentistry with brands like
Sidexis, CEREC, Atlantis, Simplant and SureSmile. We look at this digital foundation as one of our most
important assets, and this area is a major investment priority for us. These will drive faster innovation,
expanded treatment planning capabilities and accelerated progress in the areas of artificial intelligence.

These efforts are now supported by over 500 software engineers within Dentsply Sirona today, that are
helping us continue leading the digital dental revolution. Moving to Page 21. Innovation is our lifeblood,
and we have delivered several innovations in 2021 in key areas like implants and endo. At DS World,
several of our major innovations were on display. Rather than just launching products, our customers
could see our approach is based on simplifying critical workflows from diagnosis to delivering the final
treatment in ways that can transform their practices.

Our ability to work across the entire procedure is truly unique to Dentsply Sirona. The fact that we address
so many of the key procedures gives us a real advantage as we look to become the essential partner to
the practice. A great example of this was the comprehensive restage of our implant businesses announced
last month. For us, it's not just about launching a new screw and abutment. It is about rethinking the
entire implant workflow and bringing all the assets of Dentsply Sirona together to help simplify things for
the dentist.

It starts with moving to one brand name, Dentsply Sirona implants. It includes adding tools to Primescan
that actually allow for edentulous scanning, a real breakthrough, while also advancing innovative multi
and single tooth replacement capabilities. It includes a Simplant treatment planning refresh and a
comprehensive continuing education program to support a digital approach to implants.

It allows us to deploy Lucitone to enhance performance of digital ventures. We have a best-in-class bone
growth product with OSSIX. The team here is also really excited about the launch of PrimeTaper. This is an
immediate load self-tapping product that is built off a well-known procedure. The system has launched in
the U.S. and EMEA to excellent initial reviews. And this is the kind of integrated innovation across a critical
procedure that we believe transforms dentistry.

We're also adding new products to our MIS value implant business to continue building momentum in
this rapidly growing franchise. At DS World, we also launched ProTaper Ultimate in the endodontic space,
as Jorge mentioned, representing a major innovation in this important therapeutic area. It's more than
a file, and it includes a great cleaning product as well as a new obturation system that includes a new
bioceramic sealant. Early users of the system, which we call the trifecta, are really excited about the
ProTaper Ultimate system as it simplifies the procedure significantly.

We have also launched a major software upgrade in CEREC called 5.2 as well as SureSmile 7.6. CEREC
5.2 is so powerful that it makes Primescan feel like a totally new product. And it takes its category-leading
speed and accuracy to new levels. SureSmile 7.6 makes major progress around our user interface. We
also have a full slate of news for our clear aligner franchise. As we have 2 brands, we are maximizing the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

investment in both R&D and manufacturing by offering the innovations across both the SureSmile and the
Byte businesses.

Innovations in this space include our vibration technology, VPro, and HyperByte for improved comfort. We
also are launching new whitening products in the near term. To finish the discussion around innovation,
there was major progress in 2021 that will pay dividends going forward.

I would also note that we have a very robust pipeline going forward that we will bring to the market in the
future. Moving now to Slide 22. To summarize, our strong performance year-to-date gives us confidence
going forward for the remainder of 2021. We have good momentum leading into the future. Our results
reflect the underlying resilience of the dental market and our team's disciplined performance against our
operational goals and progress against our key strategic priorities. Based on this, as Jorge said, we are
raising our '21 earnings outlook. Going beyond the quarter-to-quarter discussion, we also believe that
Dentsply Sirona is well positioned to transform dentistry and deliver sustainable growth going forward.
And with that, we will now open the call to questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I was just wondering if you could go into a little bit of detail perhaps on the T&E segment at what your --
what's implied in your guidance for the fourth quarter? I know off of some of the people were -- had some
questions about when revenues were getting recognized off of DS World and some delays in shipments in
some equipment, et cetera. So I just wanted -- installation. So I just want to make sure I'm understanding
that portion of it.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Elizabeth. Thanks for the question. Yes, what we're seeing for T&E going into the fourth quarter is along
the lines of what we said in our prepared remarks, which is, we have great momentum. There is great
demand for Primescan, great demand for Axeos and imaging in general. The timing of sales relative to
DS World, most of those sales actually happened in the fourth quarter. We -- there was a lot of great
excitement.

And so in our guidance for the fourth quarter, we are including pretty substantial growth for CAD/CAM,
for imaging in general. So the performance in that business -- that part of the business continues to be
strong.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just switch over to the clear aligner. I know you said that maybe there
was a slight amount of weakness in sort of the DTC market. Can you go into maybe what you think is
driving that? And then maybe contrast it to how you're seeing SureSmile.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes, Elizabeth, thank you for the question. the DTC segment obviously benefited from the pandemic.
And as we are kind of entering this recovery phase, we're seeing across not just the DTC clear aligner
space, but a number of consumer businesses. Consumers have choices in terms of where they're spending
discretionary income. And all of a sudden, people are going on vacations and other things.

So we think we're seeing a little bit of seasonality, and we're seeing some competition for discretionary
spending among our core target audience. What we think going forward, first is that, look, we think clear
aligners -- our clear aligner strategy is predicated on, look, we've got a DTC space, and we -- DTC entry,
and we have obviously a directed dentist entry.

And we'll look to see growth in both of those segments. As what we saw in Q3, again, a little bit of
seasonality. We think this is a little bit of consumers looking at other discretionary spending. I would tell
you, we were -- obviously, when we sit down and prepare all this stuff, we were reflected on the fact
that in basically, the second quarter 2018, we had 0 sales in clear aligners. And today, we've got a -- if it
was an independent SBU, it would be one of our more significant franchises. And one that we expect to
continue providing a lot of growth into the future.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

That -- and that those comments you said, I know that you focused mostly on the DTC market. But with
SureSmile, would you say you're seeing similar type trends? Or do those diverge anywhere?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

No, they're a little bit divergent. SureSmile, it continues to perform as we thought. It's demonstrated very,
very consistent results. We're optimistic as we begin to push that outside the U.S., and we have made
progress doing that, that we expect to see continued growth on SureSmile.

The plans for Byte are also to begin to pick that up. I mean we're looking at Byte in a couple of different
ways. I mean the first is we have new products that are coming in that direction, Part 1; Part 2 is we
believe that there's opportunity to expand this outside the U.S. We think the DTC channel in places in Asia
and other areas is doing pretty well.

So we really think that we've got a great product and want to participate in those regions. And then one
of the things that we remain optimistic about is we really think that Byte is going to play a role with our
relationships with the professional. Obviously, when people come in to Byte, not everybody is eligible for
Byte, they can be referred over to Dennis, that we believe that would have Primescan and other things
and go right into SureSmile.

So the Byte to us is a strategic play that gives us opportunities to grow in a number of different areas.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Don, I hate to nitpick after a beat and raise quarter. But just following up on the last question. You did
have targets out there for the clear aligners $300 million for the year. So where are you trending on Byte
versus that $200 million Byte target that you've laid out? And how do you know it's not a competitive
issue? Obviously, the DTC channel has gotten pretty competitive.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

A couple of things, Tycho. We're not going to give you the exact numbers on Byte, but it's a little bit soft.
I mean we're not talking a major issue. We want to be as transparent as we possibly can. So we're telling
you guys what we're seeing. We don't think it's a competitive issue that's where we feel like we're losing
ground to other entries based on a lot of different things. Obviously, we're surveying in the market.

We obviously pulse and watch what's going on with unique visitors. We -- our process involves somebody
coming into the franchise, buying a diagnostic kit and then hopefully buying aligners. So we have an
opportunity to really talk to people and see where they're departing the funnel. And at this point, we really
don't feel that there has been a significant change in the momentum of getting people from what kind
of the purchasing, the diagnostic kit to actually purchasing diagnostics. We feel that it's much more of a
narrowing of the funnel than losing people to competitors in the funnel.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then follow up on supply chain, obviously, topic. I'm just curious what you're seeing in the
channel in terms of inventory levels, are dealers starting to stockpile? Are you running the new shortages?
Are you able to pass on higher shipping costs? Can you maybe just give us a little bit of a walk-through on
what you're seeing on the supply chain side right now?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Tycho, I'll take that question. Yes, as I indicated in my remarks, there are challenges. So far, I also said
this so far for us, we have not been impacted in terms of our ability to manufacture products or to supply
our distributors is something that we are monitoring very closely. The supply chain team is doing a great
job because the reality is, it is harder now to find certain components.

It is more expensive in some cases to procure certain materials. We have managed all of that so far.
So with respect to what we're seeing in the inventory pipeline or channel, we haven't seen any major
disruptions. Any changes really of material significance at this point. But as you know, this is a global
situation, and it's something that is hard to predict at this point. But so far, we -- our financials are not --
have not been impacted by the supply chain issues in a material way other than some elevated costs that
we have been able to offset or in some cases, for example, we did a price increase. We announced a price
increase effective October 1. Some of that helps offset some of the incremental costs that we are facing.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then on the cost side, has wage inflation and kind of the hiring challenges changed your kind of
customer view on automation digitization. I mean everyone is having a tough time staffing these days. Is
that kind of driven more towards digital in your perspective? Or is it too early?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

No, I think we think so. Certainly, there are shortages of labor in many, many spaces, many industries and
dental is one of them. Staffing issues, as you said, in dentist offices are becoming a little bit challenging.
And all of that motivates our customers to think about ways of improving the automation, the efficiency
and their practices.

And I think that is reflected on the strong momentum that we have seen in all of our digital equipment,
including digital scanners and 3D units. So I think that is happening. I think that is accelerating that trend.
And it's something that is going to really expedite this digital transformation that we have been talking
about for a little while now.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Jon Block of Stifel.

Thomas M. Stephan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

This is Tom Stephan on for Jon. Sorry to belabor this, but I want to go back to Byte. Can you guys just
elaborate a bit on the macro headwinds you called out. Maybe specifically, how they look today versus
what you saw in 3Q. Are those headwinds maybe abating a bit relative to 3Q? And then as a tack on,
did the Apple iOS changes have any impact on Byte results? And if so, do you believe you're starting to
navigate those challenges?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes, I'll answer -- thanks, Tom, for the question. I'll answer the second part first and the first part second.
Look, the Apple change obviously impacts how Facebook and other things are purchased and how we
interact with that. We -- one of the reasons we bought Byte was they have a really, really good team that
is very sophisticated in how we go about creating demand and how we use different aspects of like the
digital mix, whether like search engine optimization, whether it's social media, whether it's doing things
like affiliates or insurance or other things.

So we've worked our way through that. In terms of what headwinds are we seeing in Q3 that are different
than Q2. Q3 is vacation time. I mean, look, you had -- our feeling is, and we've looked at this and we've
talked to a number of our customers or potential customers and people -- we get them in, "Hey, look,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

you've spent $20 with us to get the diagnostic kit, why aren't you taking the next step?" And literally,
people were talking about, well, we're taking our first vacation since the pandemic and other things.

So statistically, we -- basically, we think there's seasonality associated with people going on vacation,
people heading into school. And then it is somewhat confounded by what's going on in the kind of the
pandemic where you've got pent-up demand for consumer spending in other areas. And the thing that
we're still trying to quantify and we're going to continue to watch it and work through it is, obviously,
there was a change in the third quarter about government payment related to pandemic recovery things.

So we're working through a bunch of the stuff. But I really -- I think Tycho just said it well. I do want
to point out that we just posted pretty significant growth in the quarter and were raised. And one of
the things that we look about, we have a broad-based portfolio, and we think that we're growing in the
majority of it, and we're optimistic that we're going to grow Byte in the future.

Thomas M. Stephan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Great. That's really helpful. And then just on the 2021 top line guidance, the implied 4Q, I think suggests
maybe a modest sequential growth. In T&E sounds like it will be very strong just due to DS World. So on
the other side of that, how should we think about consumables? Are there any puts and takes on the end
markets or just in general growth and the trajectory there?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Tom, I'll take that question. I think there is a good increase from Q3 to Q4 sequentially. So when
you do the math, I mean, the sequential growth implied is several percentage points, probably 4 to 5
percentage points. So that is a good jump. There is -- specifically with respect to your question about
consumables, there's always between quarters, there's always the possibility of timing, situations.

And I indicated before, we announced a price increase for October 1. And this is the annual price increase
that we normally put in place. Every time we do -- we make these announcements, there is probably a
movement of revenue from month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter. And so there's a possibility that there
was some acceleration, probably not material, but some acceleration of consumable sales from Q4 into Q3
in anticipation of the price increase.

And there is a couple of other things like that, that are timing related. But the macro point is there is
sequential growth, the organic growth rate that we are indicating for total 2021, I mean if you look at the
range, from 22% to 25%, and it's closer to 25% organic growth, total top line revenue growth versus last
year. Those are strong numbers.

Operator

And our next question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Don, you sound pretty optimistic about the implant business in the third quarter. That business has been
lagging the market. Would be interested to hear not just year-over-year when that business might have
still been pressured a bit last year. But just how do you feel like you're performing relative to the market
in the third quarter, that's ahead of the PrimeTaper launch? And just maybe the expectations then over the
next several quarters for that business?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes, Jeff, thanks for the question. On imaging, we had a good quarter, and we feel like we've got some
pretty good momentum going on in for a number of reasons. I mean I actually mentioned MIS for the first
time today. If you look at our value segment, we're seeing good progress there, Part 1. Part 2 is obviously

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

getting ready for the restage. We had spent a ton of time out with KOLs and we feel pretty good that, that
was starting to have a positive effect.

So I think we're growing exactly at category. I think we're probably a little bit lighter than the category.
But as we did the restage, we feel very good that we'll have an opportunity to -- I've always said, first, we
want to grow, then we want to grow with the category. I think what you saw this quarter is we're growing.
And now with the restructuring and restage, we feel confident that we're going to get -- it's not going to
happen tomorrow morning, but we feel in the very foreseeable future, we'll be growing at the category
level.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. Fair enough. And then I guess we each have to ask our own Byte questions, so I apologize for that.
But when thinking about that product line, you probably have at least 3 or 4 weeks of visibility, I would
assume from the time those test gets are ordered and maybe something converts over to a case into
revenue in that.

So just any update on fourth quarter. You've probably got 2 out of the 3 months of decent visibility and all
that. Just relative to 3Q or we continue to see some sequential step down of 3Q sequential stability versus
3Q? Just any kind of color relative to that third quarter number would be helpful.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Jeff, I'm going to stay away from giving numbers for Q4. But I think we have been pretty transparent with
respect to the softness that we saw in Q3 and the fact that because of that softness in Q3, we think there
is a chance we were going to miss our $200 million goal for the year run rate for Byte. So that basically
explains what we are seeing right now in -- with Byte.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. And Jorge, I mean, just to follow up on that. I've got you right now at about $260 million, $265
million run rate of the third quarter just kind of continues in the fourth quarter. Is that at least ballpark
kind of how we should be thinking about it?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

I think I said SureSmile is very much on track to meet or exceed the $100 million run rate. And then yes,
Byte is a little bit behind. So I think ballpark, you're probably close.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Yi Chen with H.C. Wainwright.

Yi Chen
H.C. Wainwright & Co, LLC, Research Division

Could you comment on how long you think the supply chain issue can persist? And whether you expect the
issue to involve both on the manufacturing side and on the logistics side?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question. Listen, it's hard to predict how long the supply chain issues are going to
last because again, this is not something unique to the dental industry. This is impacting pretty much all
manufacturing industries globally. So we are a relatively small piece of that big, big equation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

We are taking a lot of actions to minimize the impact. Procurement doing a lot of great work trying to
identify new sources for certain components. We are renegotiating certain contracts ensuring that we have
access to supply for some key components on a predictable basis. So that's all short-term things that
we're doing.

I think there are some more long-term solutions that are somewhat related to the supply chain issues, but
also related to our desire to be more efficient and improve the margins of our products. So for example,
in many cases, we are harmonizing certain products or components that we were sourcing from different
source -- from multiple sources. We are now trying to consolidate. We're trying to harmonize the design of
these components and that should help us improve the reliability of the supply.

And then we're trying to make sure that we look at the balancing of our manufacturing operations,
ensuring that we have at the right time, the right components to ensure that the lines are working
efficiently for predictable periods of time as opposed to stop and starting based on unpredictable patterns
of supply. So there's a lot of things going on. And the -- as I said before, the supply chain team is doing a
great job. And that's why, so far, we have not impacted our ability to manufacture products.

Yi Chen
H.C. Wainwright & Co, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Do you expect your inventory level to increase in the coming quarters?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

I don't think so. No, we watch inventory very closely, our internal inventory, inventory in the channel. And
our objective at all times is to ensure that our manufacturing process is smooth. And the worst thing that
you can do for any manufacturing process is to move inventory levels too drastically from period to period.

So our goal, at all times, is to keep inventory levels relatively stable. And our actually long-term goal
is frankly to decrease days of inventory, and that's a key internal goal that we track and measure very
closely.

Operator

And our next question will come from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.

Korinne N. Wolfmeyer
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

This is Korinne on for Jason. So first on SureSmile. And, I guess, the clear aligner business more broadly.
Can you provide some more color on some of your marketing and DTC plans here for the remainder of the
year and into next year? What level of investment should we expect here? And just any color there would
be helpful.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Sure. On SureSmile, the program that we're running today is about how we see it. We're looking at pulling
some different -- slightly different levers in SureSmile, that will include some DTC. But from an overall P&L
construct, nothing radically different about that. On Byte, Byte, there's a lot of levers. I mean, obviously,
paid social is a big deal, and we obviously follow that very closely. But one of the things we've done since
acquiring Byte is really helping them look at search engine optimization and how do you do a better job,
creating content that's really meaningful to potential customers.

We have a very aggressive affiliate marketing program, and we continue to have a pretty good program
to aimed at insurers. So as we think about that, the level of marketing within Byte is we don't expect it to
change. We've been very disciplined like we're not going to go chase unprofitable volume, and that's been
a key thing for us. But the also -- the other thing that we're very mindful of, we think it's got a really good
runway in front of it.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

And let's make it less reliant on a single way paid social and let's broaden its exposure to anybody looking
for to do a DTC clear aligner through other means. So again, within the overall construct of both the clear
aligner P&L, total franchise P&L as well as the individual products, we don't see radical changes coming, as
this quarter or as we look out over in the next couple of years.

Korinne N. Wolfmeyer
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Helpful. And then just one last one for us. Can you speak to some of the early impacts you've been seeing
from DS Activate? I mean, I know it's early, but can you share how many docs have taken advantage of
this program? And is there any pull-through that you've been seeing so far from that?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. DS, we've been really happy with DS Activate, really happy. And part of DS Activate is we actually
have people come in and physically attend our academy. And you know it's going well when you can't find
a parking place prior to your earnings call because the doctors are all here for a Thursday activates.

So without giving you specific numbers. We believe -- and that program is principally North America, it's
going well.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Justin Lin with William Blair.

Justin Lin
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Just a quick question for me. So the high end of the organic growth target of 22% to 25% you gave for
the full year, I think, implies essentially flat year-over-year growth in Q4, if that is correct? Just trying to
understand the puts and takes here. I initially thought it might have something with a softer T&E quarter,
given early orders pulled into Q3, but that doesn't sound like the case base on what you said earlier. So
any color you can give here would be awesome.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Justin, thank you for the question. No, I think our -- if you go to the 25% end of the range, actually, from
an organic growth perspective, the implied growth would be close to 5%.

Justin Lin
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay. Okay. Maybe just to check a map here. And second question for me would just be any update on
what you're seeing in other regions outside the U.S. in terms of patient volume and spend. Just trying to
think about what you're including in your guidance from a geographic perspective.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

There is nothing really major to highlight about regional performance other than what I said earlier, which
is, for example, in the third quarter, all regions performed really, really well. And we are not seeing any
deviation from that. COVID continues to be a little bit of a shadow there. Do you see a few small markets,
for example, Australia, New Zealand, parts of China, where there are lockdowns.

But honestly, those lockdowns have not affected our sales in a material way because those markets are
small for us. So the -- our expectation in the fourth quarter from a regional standpoint is a continuation of
what we saw in Q3.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Our next question will come from the line of Michael Cherny with Bank of America.

Allen Charles Lutz
BofA Securities, Research Division

This is Allen in for Mike. I guess going to the operating margin, our target for '22 at 22%, can you talk
about some of the swing factors there sort of rank order? You mentioned investments in SG&A by implant
rebranding, labor, supply chains, how should we think about the rank order of those themes?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you. I think there is -- there needs to be a good contribution from all areas of the P&L to reach
that goal, and we feel good about all of them. So starting with the top line, we have certain targets that
we want to hit. And we have been explicit about our 4% to 5% target for revenue growth. So that is an
important factor. And then keeping the stability from a gross margin perspective, we have been trending
very well, very steady, from a gross margin perspective.

And then there are further opportunities for cost savings, both in COGS as well as in SG&A that we
are actively pursuing and implementing. And a lot of them have to do with what we call our enterprise
modernization program that includes process harmonization and centralization. That's something that we
still have a long ways to go. I think there is tons of opportunities from an automation perspective that
should improve our cost base.

And then further possibilities to optimize our footprint, both in terms of manufacturing as well as facilities
in general. I think as we learn how to live with the post pandemic or new ways of doing business post
pandemic, I think that there are some interesting ideas to rationalize our footprint as well. So there is tons
of things. And the last thing I would mention is from a product design perspective, the teams continue to
do great work trying to improve the cost of materials, trying to improve the design.

So that is cheaper to manufacture and more efficient overall. So those are all important levers that we are
actively pursuing. And when you add out of them together, that's where we will get about the 22% target.

Operator

And our next question will come from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Jorge, maybe a high-level question. You've highlighted a lot of the product opportunities. I guess as
we think about going forward, how do you think about maybe investing more aggressively to go after
some of those opportunities. You now obviously also have the kind of the added dynamic of inflation cost
pressures.

I guess has that changed how you're thinking about the historical balance that you've seen between
reinvesting in the business, but also being on the path to 22% margins. It'd be great to kind of get your
sense of kind of how you're thinking about that dynamic as we head into 2022.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Nathan. I don't think our thinking has changed pretty substantially. I think what we are
facing right now is reinforcing a lot of the beliefs that we had going into this pandemic. And so that
reinforcement is translating into our strong desire to invest more and move faster with respect to a lot of
ideas that we have in the pipeline.

And Don and I have indicated how we are really proud of the increased R&D activity that we have, what
is coming out of that work. And we have a number of great ideas that we expect to bring to the market in
the near future, and they are reflective of some of the important macro trends of digitization, changes in
behaviors from consumers and things like that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

So I think this is just again, reinforcing the idea that we had before, and it's just pushing us to move
faster, and we're really excited about the opportunities, frankly. I mean, there are great opportunities, and
we are really excited about trying to do all of these things faster.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Makes sense. And just a very quick follow-up. Have you seen -- I think you touched on this a little bit
earlier, but I just wanted to kind of revisit. Have you seen stock in by the distributors. I know there's a lot
of focus on inflation and the price increases that could be coming. Do you feel like inventory levels at all --
have changed at all with your distribution partners?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

We don't think so. We track that closely and we manage our inventory levels in a disciplined way. And so
we are not seeing that at this point.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session for today. So now it's my pleasure to hand the conference
over to Don Casey, Chief Executive Officer, for closing comments and remarks.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks so much, and thanks for all the time you guys gave us today and great questions as always.
Look, I'd summarize by saying we feel really good about a quarter. It's -- we've been doing this a long
time. It's rare that you get to talk about a 20% plus organic with a beat and raise.

And there's some stuff that we're very, very excited about. Jeff, really appreciate the question on implants.
And when you're seeing double-digit implant growth is something we haven't seen in a long time. We feel
there's tremendous momentum on our T&E business. And consumables, which is a question we typically
get is, we feel that we've innovated across a broad platform. So we feel good about that.

And I would just pull back a little bit out of the quarter-to-quarter discussion. It was almost 3 years ago
to the day when we announced the restructuring. Basically, since then, we feel that we're really on track
in terms of growth. I mean, if you look at what we did in '19 and then as we get into this kind of recovery
phase of the pandemic, we were hitting the margin targets that we put out. We've already delivered the
headcount.

We feel very good about the fact that we've created not only a more simple organization but one that's
much more functional. And our team in here is really excited about the future. For those of you guys got
to attend DS World, you could kind of see how we're laying things out from a procedure perspective and
why we think Dentsply Sirona is really well positioned to become the essential partner in dentist practices
all over the world. So I'll close it out and say thank you all and look forward to catching up in some of the
one-on-one sessions.

Operator
Thank you. Everyone, this concludes our webcast and conference call for today. You may now disconnect.
Everyone, have a good day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

