Zoetis Inc. NYSE:ZTS
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 06, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.87

0.95

Revenue  (mm)

1504.75

1534.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2020 1:05 PM GMT

9.20

1.94

0.71

3.46

4.24

1405.13

6304.03

6963.71

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.82

0.89

0.88

0.87

0.90

0.94

0.92

0.95

9.76 %

5.62 %

4.55 %

9.20 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Steven Frank
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Balaji V. Prasad
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Michael Westenberg
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Elliot Henry Wilbur
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Gregory B. Gilbert
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jonathan Marley Kaufman
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Kathleen Marie Miner
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast for Zoetis. Hosting
the call today is Steve Frank, Vice President of Investor Relations for Zoetis. The presentation materials
and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Investor Relations section of zoetis.com. The
presentation slides can be managed by you, the viewer, it will not be forwarded automatically. In addition,
a replay of this call will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call via dial in or on
the Investor Relations section of zoetis.com.

[Operator Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Steve Frank. Steve, you may begin.

Steven Frank
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, good morning, everyone. I hope you are all doing well. Welcome to the Zoetis First Quarter
2020 Earnings Call. I am joined today by Kristin Peck, our Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn David, our
Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I'll remind you that the slides presented on this call are available on the Investor
Relations section of our website and that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements and
that actual results could differ materially from those projections. For a list and description of certain
factors that could cause results to differ, I refer you to the forward-looking statement in today's press
release and our SEC filings, including, but not limited to, our annual report on Form 10-K and our reports
on Form 10-Q.

Our remarks today will also include references to certain financial measures, which were not prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-
GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures is included in the financial
tables that accompany our earnings press release and in the company's 8-K filing dated today, May 6,
2020. We also cite operational results, which exclude the impact of foreign exchange.

With that, I turn the call over to Kristin.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Thank you, Steve, good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are staying healthy and safe.
I think it's fair to say the past few months have been unlike any we have ever experienced in business
or that any of us could have imagined for our families, friends and communities. The global COVID-19
pandemic has had such an incredible impact on our world and for many of us personally. It has given me a
chance to reflect, not just on the financial numbers we reported today, but on the true value our business
provides society, the role we play in public health, the support we deliver for our customers in crisis and
the safety and security we provide to our colleagues. For Zoetis, we're privileged to play an essential role
in sustaining and protecting animal and human life during the outbreak.

Our products and services play a critical part in animal health, helping support pet care and the food
supply, and we have continued to manufacture products and serve customers even in places that have
imposed stringent limits on businesses in the wake of the coronavirus. Our colleagues are more committed
than ever to supporting the nutrition and comfort that animals provide the world, and that purpose
has motivated us to continue serving our customers and communities in these extraordinary times.
I'm especially proud of the efforts of Zoetis colleagues in supporting our local communities, health
care workers and businesses during the outbreak. We've been contributing surplus personal protective
equipment from our operations. We've been increasing production of human health diagnostics and
answering requests from local hospitals for a variety of assistance.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

As far as the direct impact of COVID-19 on our colleagues, we've been fortunate to see only a small
number of COVID-19 cases in our workforce of more than 10,000 colleagues, thanks to increased safety
measures, hygiene protocols and adjustments to our operations. About 70% of our colleagues today are
working remotely. They are being productive as they adjust to new arrangements, juggle new home and
family responsibilities and benefit from the use of technology infrastructure that we've invested in and
continue to enhance at this time. The other 30% of our colleagues are working at our sites, supporting
essential operations such as manufacturing, distribution and logistics, clinical trials and research and
technical services and support for customers.

Our teams in Zoetis sites are adhering to strict health and hygiene protocols recommended by the WHO
and CDC. They are practicing social distancing, operating in staggered shifts and participating in health
monitoring, all as part of the adjustments we have made at each plant to limit potential exposure. Our
30 manufacturing sites remain open around the globe today, and we've been able to maintain supply of
critical product inventories. We've also shown excellent agility to deal with the local market changes in
terms of border control, regulatory changes and freight operations.

I am also pleased to say that even under these difficult circumstances, we were able to meet our launch
timing for Simparica Trio, our highly anticipated triple combination parasiticide. We launched Simparica
Trio in the U.K., Spain and Italy in February, made initial shipments for distribution in the U.S. in March
and initiated a full launch in the U.S. and Canada in April, with more markets to follow. We've seen
significant interest in Trio, and we've been supporting its introduction with consumer ads in the U.S. this
spring. While we're excited about the introduction and the receptiveness of customers and pet owners,
we've had to revisit full year projections for Simparica Trio, given the expected impact of COVID-19 and
the recession. Glenn will speak more to this in his remarks.

We are grateful we've been able to keep our major R&D programs on track. We continue to advance our
research in key areas such as monoclonal antibodies for osteoarthritis pain in cats and dogs and vector
vaccines for poultry. We're continuing with regulatory reviews, commissions are going in, and we're
maintaining momentum at our most critical projects for the future, all while keeping colleagues safe.

From a P&L perspective, in the first quarter, the pandemic had a limited impact on our results given the
February quarter end for international markets and the timing of shelter-in-place across the U.S. We've
generated 7% operational growth in revenue and 10% operational growth in adjusted net income, thanks
to the strength of our diverse portfolio and global scope of our business. We expect a more significant
revenue impact from COVID-19 in Q2 and for the year as the lockdowns and recession have a continued
impact on our business, especially in terms of traffic at companion animal clinics, and reduction in demand
for protein from their restaurant and dine-out sectors. We will need to watch carefully how the reopening
of various markets in the coming weeks impacts veterinary services for companion animals as well as
livestock. Glenn will discuss 2020 guidance in more detail in a few minutes, but I'm pleased to share that
Zoetis remains a resilient company at times like these, given the essential nature of our business and
our diverse portfolio. In most markets, our sales teams are working virtually to respect local government
guidance and limit potential exposure of COVID-19 for colleagues and customers.

We've been keeping in regular contact with our customers, through phone calls, video conferences,
webinars and surveys, and we're responding as best we can to anticipate and address their most
important needs. We are here to help them maintain critical care and supply for their customers at
this time and adapt to a new normal for the future of animal care. For example, we've been advising
customers on increasing digital content for their use with pet owners, offering telemedicine solutions
through new partnerships, discussing their liquidity concerns, offering continuing education for veterinary
staff and providing technical support services to deal with adjustments being made to food production. We
are seeing many of the trends you are, in terms of animal health and food supply as well, as decreased
traffic to veterinary practices. But history tells us that animal health medicines, vaccines and other
products remain essential, even in a challenging economy.

On the livestock side of the business, the need for food hasn't gone away, but with restaurants and
hotels closed, consumer demand has shifted to supermarkets. There's less demand for beef and dairy
products, while poultry remains strong as people choose less expensive proteins. As with every frontline

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

business today, the biggest challenge our livestock customers are having is maintaining their operations
with enough healthy workers to handle processing, packing and delivering food. On the pet side of the
business, veterinary traffic is down in places where containment measures are in place. Now many vets
are leveraging curbside check-ins, home visits, telemedicine and online pharmacy distribution to take the
place of in-clinic visits. As we look ahead, our business continuity plans are working well, and we continue
to show great agility and responsiveness to this crisis. We are carefully managing our expenses and doing
scenario planning for the medium and long term, including hiring freezes and reductions to discretionary
spending such as travel, entertainment and consulting. We have not had to engage in furloughs or salary
reductions for our colleagues, thanks to the resiliency and diversification of our business and our strong
balance sheet. We continue to regularly assess any long term needs depending on the duration of the
pandemic and the resulting recession. Like all companies, we've begun planning for the days when more
of our colleagues will return to the workplace.

Over the last few months, we have safely maintained operations in our manufacturing, distribution and
R&D facilities to ensure continuous supply to our customers, while maintaining strict quality standards and
keeping our colleagues safe. We plan to leverage these enhanced policies and procedures for a phased
return to work that helps ensure the safety of not just our colleagues, but the customers they interact with
in the field. I am proud of our teams for their resourcefulness, flexibility and commitment to colleagues
and customers. Their efforts are helping us to envision an even better way to work over the long term.

When we began this year, my first as CEO, I laid out 5 priorities for Zoetis, and those are as relevant
today as they were then. Our priorities remain driving innovative growth, enhancing customer experience,
leading in digital and data analytics, cultivating a high-performing organization and championing a
healthier, more sustainable future. As we manage through the crisis to this new normal, we will find
relevant new ways to adapt our strategies and tactics for the future. Even in the midst of COVID-19,
we continue to act on opportunities to advance these priorities. Since February, we received approval
of Simparica Trio in the U.S. and Australia and have launched it in several markets with the support of
direct-to-consumer advertising and digital marketing where applicable. We acquired Performance Livestock
Analytics, a company which brings us proven cloud-based management systems and data analytics for
beef producers, and we announced Pumpkin, a new pet health start up, that's offering pet insurance and
preventative care in the U.S.

Once again, I'm very proud of the results we've been able to deliver this quarter, and I look forward
to your questions. Now let me hand over to Glenn for more details on the first quarter results and our
updated view for the rest of 2020. Glenn?

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Kristin. And good morning. Echoing Kristin's comments, we find ourselves in a world we never
imagined. I am grateful for our colleagues as they balance new working arrangements, caring for their
families and keeping our essential business running during this crisis.

Today, I will provide commentary on our Q1 results, provide clarity on our liquidity position and review our
updated guidance for 2020. Historically, we know that Zoetis has remained a resilient company given the
essential nature of our business and our diverse portfolio. But no one yet knows the full extent, duration
or implications that this pandemic will have. Our updated guidance reflects our best estimates based on
what we know today.

Beginning with the first quarter results, we generated revenue of $1.5 billion, representing an increase
of 5% on a reported basis and 7% operationally. Adjusted net income of $455 million increased 7% on a
reported basis and 10% operationally. Foreign exchange in the quarter drove an unfavorable 2% impact
on revenue, driven by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Operational revenue growth of 7% was driven
by 3% price and 4% volume. Volume growth of 4% includes 2% from key dermatology products, 2% from
new products, 1% from acquisitions and a decline of 1% in other in-line products. The first quarter was
not materially impacted by the outbreak of COVID-19, given the February quarter end for our international
markets and the timing of quarantine guidelines in the U.S. However, as indicated in our updated guidance

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

ranges, we anticipate a more significant impact for the full year, as the lockdowns and recessions have a
continued impact on our business.

Companion animal products led the way in terms of species growth, growing 10% operationally, while
livestock grew 3% operationally. Companion animal performance was driven by continued strength of
our key dermatology products and our parasiticide portfolio, which includes initial sales of Simparica Trio
in both the U.S. and certain European markets. Revenue from the acquisition of Platinum Performance,
which was acquired in the second half of 2019, and its nutritional products also contributed to strong
equine growth. Livestock growth in the quarter was primarily driven by strong poultry, swine and fish
performance, partially offset by declines in cattle. New products contributed 2% to overall growth in the
quarter driven by Simparica Trio and ProHeart 12 and our Alpha Flux parasiticide for fish in Chile. We
remain very excited and confident in our ability to successfully launch Simparica Trio, beginning with key
markets in Europe and the U.S. However, we are now anticipating the incremental revenue for the full
year to be in the range of $100 million to $125 million. The initial response from veterinarians has been
extremely encouraging, however, due to the current COVID-19 situation, clinic penetration and adoption
will be more gradual than initially expected. Global sales of our key dermatology portfolio were $194
million in the quarter, growing 25% operationally and contributing 2% to overall revenue growth. The
ongoing strength of this portfolio was driven by expanded usage of Apoquel, resulting from promotional
investments, increased adoption of CYTOPOINT as well as entry into new markets and price. Recent
acquisitions and commercial agreements contributed 1% growth this quarter, which includes Platinum
Performance, our reference lab acquisitions, and the Stablelab diagnostic tests for equine. Other in-line
products declined this quarter, primarily driven by declines in U.S. cattle related to ongoing beef and dairy
market challenges.

Now let's discuss the revenue growth by segment for the quarter. U.S. revenue grew 9%, with companion
animal products growing 12% and livestock products growing 5%. Companion animal growth in the
quarter was driven by increased sales of our key dermatology products, growth of the Simparica franchise
and the impact of recent acquisitions. This growth was partially offset by declines in point-of-care
diagnostics. U.S. key dermatology sales were $136 million for the quarter, growing 31%. Growth this
quarter was driven by ongoing promotional investments and expanded usage of the CYTOPOINT in the
clinic. Simparica Trio revenue in the quarter included initial sales to distribution channels, with product
becoming available to veterinarians for prescribing in mid-April. We're supporting the launch with strong
field force engagement and direct-to-consumer advertising. We remain confident in the long-term success
of this product despite launching within the current environment.

Diagnostic sales in the quarter were primarily impacted by distributor purchasing patterns and slower
demand in March related to COVID-19. U.S. livestock returned to growth this quarter, supported by
positive performance in poultry and swine, partially offset by cattle declines. Poultry continued to benefit
from our portfolio of alternatives to antibiotics in medicated feed additives, driven by new customer
adoption and efficacy challenges for a competitive product. Swine also had a strong quarter driven
by increased sales of anti-infectives and the onetime replenishment of a classical swine fever vaccine
stockpile by the USDA. Cattle product sales continued to be negatively impacted by unfavorable beef
market conditions driven by feedlot placements of heavier and healthier animals with a lower-risk profile,
and dairy continued to face headwinds from negative producer profitability and oversupply.

To summarize, U.S. performance was strong, despite ongoing challenges in U.S. beef and dairy cattle
markets. Our International segment had operational revenue growth of 4% in the quarter. Companion
animal operational revenue growth was 8% and livestock operational growth was 2%. Companion animal
product growth resulted from increased sales of our Simparica franchise, including the launch of Simparica
Trio in certain EU markets and growth in our key dermatology portfolio. New diagnostic customer accounts
and strong performance in China also contributed to growth in the quarter despite the impact of social
distancing measures in China.

International livestock growth in the quarter was driven primarily by swine, fish and poultry. Swine
returned to growth in the quarter due to expanding herd production and key account penetration across
emerging markets, including China. Our short-term outlook for China remains neutral to slightly positive,
as they rebuild due to lower incidence of African swine fever. However, certain smaller markets in Asia

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

continue to experience challenges related to ASF. The fish portfolio benefited from the continued uptake
of the Alpha Flux parasiticide in Chile, while poultry growth was driven primarily by price. Overall, our
international segment continues to be a positive contributor to revenue growth with all species flat to
growing, including swine returning to growth even in the current challenging environment.

Now moving on to the rest of the P&L. Adjusted gross margin of 70.3%, increased slightly on a reported
basis compared to the prior year due to price, partially offset by the mildly dilutive impact of recent
acquisitions. Total adjusted operating expenses grew 7% operationally. The increase is primarily related
to the impact of recent acquisitions, investments to support future growth of the business and direct-to-
consumer advertising. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.8%. The decrease from the
comparable 2019 period is primarily driven by the tax benefits from share-based compensation. Adjusted
net income for the quarter grew 10% operationally, driven by revenue growth and a lower effective tax
rate, and adjusted diluted EPS grew 10% operationally.

Next, I'd like to cover our liquidity position and our capital allocation priorities. We ended the first quarter
with approximately $2 billion in cash and cash equivalents as well as access to a $1 billion revolving credit
facility and a coinciding commercial paper program, both of which are undrawn. Given our strong cash
flow and balance sheet, we remain committed to our capital allocation priorities of internal investment,
M&A and returning excess cash to shareholders. Consistent with what I mentioned last quarter, we are
anticipating elevated capital expenditures this year to support investments in manufacturing, information
technology to support our recent acquisitions and capabilities in digital and data analytics. However, we
are delaying expenditures that will not materially impact our medium and long-term growth strategy.
Our strong liquidity also allows us to be opportunistic and continue executing on our M&A strategy.
And consistent with what I've said before, our focus is on strategic tuck-in acquisitions, not large-scale
transformational M&A. Our recent acquisitions of Performance Livestock Analytics is a good example.

With regards to returning excess cash to shareholders, we remain committed to our 2020 dividend, which
represents a 22% increase over 2019. In Q1, we also repurchased $250 million in Zoetis shares, and we
have approximately $1.4 billion remaining under our multiyear share repurchase program. However, in
light of the current situation, we have decided to temporarily suspend our share repurchases and conserve
cash.

Now moving on to our updated guidance assumptions for 2020. As I noted earlier, we cannot know the
full extent of the COVID-19 pandemic as the situation continues to evolve daily. Our updated guidance
reflects our current assumptions and may change materially as the situation progresses. Our guidance
assumes that the economy begins to open up in the second half of the year, with pet care visits returning
to more normalized levels as the year progresses and our livestock customers being able to maintain their
operations. It also assumes a continued recession this year. We have increased the width of our ranges as
the timing of returning to normal operations and the depth of the recession is still uncertain. Please note
that guidance reflects foreign exchange rates as of late April, and movement in foreign exchange rate has
had a significant impact on our revenue and adjusted net income since prior guidance, given our global
footprint.

Our current guidance includes unfavorable foreign exchange at revenue of approximately $150 million
and approximately $50 million at adjusted net income, primarily driven by the Brazilian real, Mexican
peso and the euro. We are now projecting revenue between $5.95 billion and $6.25 billion, representing
a 2% operational decline to 3% operational growth. Adjusted cost of sales as a percentage of revenue is
now expected to be in the range of 30.5% to 31.5%, increasing slightly from February guidance due to
increased manufacturing and freight costs related to COVID-19. Adjusted SG&A expenses for the year
are now expected to be between $1.455 billion and $1.545 billion, with the decrease from the February
guidance, driven by savings and compensation due to hiring freezes and reductions to discretionary
spending, such as travel and entertainment and professional service spend.

As Kristin indicated, our key R&D programs are progressing, and so adjusted R&D expenses are now
expected to be between $440 million and $465 million, consistent with our commitment to invest in
pipeline opportunities. We're also continuing to invest in strategic areas of focus, such as diagnostics,
biodevices and precision livestock farming, and strategies to maximize the value of the continuum of care

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

through integrated offerings. While we are taking measures to reduce expenses this year, we also remain
committed to bringing medium and long-term growth and value to our shareholders. Adjusted interest
and other income deductions is now expected to be approximately $250 million, with the increase over
February guidance driven by lower interest income and other factors. Our adjusted effective tax rate for
2020 is expected to be in the range of 20% to 21%, consistent with February guidance. Adjusted net
income is expected to be in the range of $1.52 billion to $1.64 billion, representing an operational decline
of 2% to 9%. Adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.17 to $3.42, and reported diluted
EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.80 to $3.07. While our guidance represents full year expectations,
we do anticipate revenue and adjusted net income to be most significantly impacted in Q2, based upon
quarantine and shelter-in-place guidelines that have been put in place in most major markets around the
world and the economic impact of a recession. We anticipate the second half of the year will be impacted,
but to a lesser extent.

Now to summarize, before we move to Q&A. Pre-COVID-19, 2020 was off to a strong start and in line
with our expectations, with 7% operational revenue growth and 10% operational growth in adjusted
net income. The essential nature of our business, the diversity of our portfolio and the durability of our
business will allow us to continue executing on our strategy during this period of uncertainty. We are
confident we will be able to maintain strong liquidity and manage effectively through this challenging
environment, given our strong cash flow and balance sheet. And despite managing our spend in the short
term, as we navigate through the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we remain committed to medium
and long-term profitable growth through responsible investment.
Now I hand things over to the operator to open the line for your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Michael Ryskin with Bank of America.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I'll ask sort of a big picture one to get the ball rolling. Steve, Glenn, Kristin, you've all alluded to various
extents on the economic impacts of a recession, both throughout the press release and in your prepared
remarks. Could you just help us walk through the nuances there? And how you think about that affecting
both livestock markets and the companion animal market? Because as we think through it, all the other
impacts, the livestock, so a lot of house closures, the foodservice shift, the vet visits, that's still, for the
most part, transient and expected to bounce back later this year, but the recessionary impact on the
guide, that's something that could very well persist in 2021 and 2022. So how do you think about that
affecting the business? If you could offer any pointers related to 2008, 2009, that'd be really helpful if you
walk through it.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Mike. I'll talk a little bit about some of the broader trends, and then I'll let Glenn talk a
little bit about what that means overall in guidance and how that translates. If we start at the vet clinic
side and the pet care side, Q1, there really was a limited impact, just given the timing of the quarantine
decisions across the world, and China tended to rebound a little bit. As we moved into early April, we did
see significant impacts about -- to about a 20% to 30% reduction in the U.S., and in Europe, 30% to 50%.
The very good news right now is that those are turning around quite quickly. We are seeing a significant
improvement both in the U.S. and Europe in overall clinic visits. And so our expectation is, obviously,
overall, a weak Q2, but that will improve in Q3 and Q4 also because we strongly believe that, that's our --
being very thoughtful about how they increase their business, leveraging telemedicine, curbside drop-off,
lots of different strategies there.

As you look at the livestock sector, I mean, there are 2 big trends impacting this. The first is the shift out
of dine-out and into grocery stores. Historically that was about a 50-50 split, and now about 80% to 90%
of consumption is coming out of grocery stores. Historically, those supply chains were quite different. So
the channel migration there has been a little challenging as you've seen. And the second trend there has
been exacerbated in the U.S. specifically, around the reduction, and this point, about a 15% reduction
of our processing capacity, given some of the outbreaks at some of those sites, which continues to be,
obviously, in the news every day. Again, the good news is that's the U.S. trend. That trend is not relevant
internationally. But what we do see sort of in the medium term, as we look into Q2, Q3, Q4, is that this
will put a pressure on our customers and livestock producers. It is decreasing price and therefore, their
profitability. It's likely going to decrease their herd size and also put pressure on their input costs and
potentially have them trade down.

The question is how fast that works through. It's quick to work through that in poultry, a little more
challenging in swine. And in cattle, as we've seen, that really is just exacerbating, as Glenn mentioned
in his remarks, a trend we've been seeing for a while. We strongly believe the long-term fundamentals
remain strong in all these sectors, though. The animal protein consumption will continue to grow. So I
think a lot of this is more of an impact as we work through some of these dynamics this year. And the
humanization of pets has never been more important than it is now, as you've been seeing on adoptions of
animals. And in previous recessions, it was pretty resilient.

But I'll let Glenn sort of talk through how he thinks about those trends as we did our guidance.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Absolutely. So Mike, to your question on the economic impacts of the recession, as we saw back in 2008,
2009, the animal health industry was essentially flat, showing strong resiliency. And then it had a pretty
rapid bounce back in the next year growing around 7%. So in terms of the recessionary impacts, as Kristin
said, the companion animal business, just due to a recession, we expect to be very resilient. We saw that
back in 2008 and 2009, and the trends of pets becoming more part of the family has only continued even
stronger there. In terms of the livestock area of the business, though, that's where the recession may
have a larger impact. A, as people trade down to lower cost proteins, but also our livestock producers tend
to go to cheaper products as their profitability is challenged, and we do provide premium products. So
there will be some pricing challenges and just some overall challenges in the livestock industry, more so
than companion animal from a recession.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Erin Wright with Crédit Suisse.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

A couple of questions here on the companion animal side. How much did Simparica Trio stocking
contribute in the quarter? And how should we be thinking about that quarterly cadence in light of some
of the COVID dynamics for Simparica Trio? Is the $150 million target for Simparica Trio still intact? And
can you speak to also some of the traction you're seeing across the alternative online channel in the
companion animal segment just amidst COVID and some of the dynamics there? How big is that segment
for you now?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Thanks, Erin. I'll start off and let Glenn build on it. We've been very excited at the very strong awareness
and anticipation for the launch of the really innovative Simparica Trio. We did see stocking, as I think we
mentioned in Q1, of around $15 million. That was really just the distribution. We did the full launch to vets
and to customers in April, and we followed that shortly thereafter with a very strong direct-to-consumer
advertising push, which has been very well received. We remain very excited about this product. However,
we are cognizant that with the pandemic, social distancing as well as the recession, the outlook for 2020
will be adjusted.

I'll let Glenn talk a little bit about that guidance. But outside the U.S., we launched in February in the U.K.,
Italy and Spain. We also recently launched in Canada. So we've remain very excited about the potential
for this product, and we think we'll have a very good 2020, and we're pleased given -- at the launch so
far, and given what we're facing with the pandemic. But I'll let Glenn talk a little bit about the updated
guidance.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of the updated guidance for Simparica Trio, we've now brought our estimate down from
$150 million in incremental sales to $100 million to $125 million, and that's really based on launching
in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. In terms of how we see the quarterly progression, we're not
necessarily going to give quarterly forecast, but we did about $15 million in the quarter, and we do expect
that to grow gradually over the year and to reflect more underlying demand throughout the year.

To your question on the alternative channels, Erin, we are definitely seeing a ramp-up in alternative
channels as a way for our customers to get their prescriptions filled. However, it's important to remember
that, that is off of a relatively lower base still today. And also about 50% of our products do need to be
administered within the clinic. So while we are seeing a rapid increase, it is off of a relatively small base.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Louise Chen with Cantor.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

So we're seeing a lot of headlines around protein supply chain. Are these headlines mostly noise? Or do
they concern you in any way? And could you give more color on your producer supply chain assumptions
in your guidance?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Louise. Unfortunately, I do not think they are noise, that they're indeed very, very real to
our customers. It is taking a large part of our field force and technical services supporting our customers
through this. Shedding some of these packing plants and having 15% of the capacity of the U.S. packing
taken offline, backs up significantly to our producers. They have nowhere to put animals. We are an
economy in the livestock space that was just in time, and they were -- trying to make sure they were as
efficient as possible. So it is a quite serious issue for our producers, and it does have impact that will be
important in 2020. It is decreasing the price that they're willing to pay. They don't need that animal, so
they're paying less for them. That significantly hurts the profitability of our customers and certainly would
encourage them, at this point, to reduce herd sizes. So it does have an impact. As I was trying to express
before, some of that impact, if you look at it, it can be turned around quite quickly in poultry, where 43
days, you can make some new decisions there to expand production. There's a little more time in pork.
The effects took a lot longer to work through in the beef side. So we do think they will have an impact in
2020 significantly on the livestock side that was baked into the guidance we provided. But I'll let Glenn
talk a little bit more to that.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, to Kristin's point, we did bake this into the guidance. Now when you look at our guidance, we do
expect that Q2 will be more severely impacted. So the challenges that we're seeing now in livestock with
the plant closures are baked in, and we do expect that Q2 will be more severely impacted for livestock
and also for companion animal as well as this is when we see the clinic visits probably at their lowest in
Q2. When we look towards the full year guidance range, the higher end of our ranges do assume that our
producer customers are able to return to more normal operations throughout the second half of the year.

Operator

We'll take our next question from John Kreger with William Blair.

Jonathan Marley Kaufman
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

This is Jon Kaufman on for Kreger. So one on the Pumpkin insurance launch. Can you talk about your
pricing strategy here? How do your prices and coverage compare to others in the market? And on the
preventive aspect of this, the direct-to-pet owner shipping. Is there a chance that you risk angering
veterinarians because you're taking parasiticide sales out of the clinic? Or will there be some sort of
reimbursement of that related to these scripts? And then just another quick one here. I don't think I heard
the dermatology sales breakout between U.S. and international. Can you provide those?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. I'll start on Pumpkin, and then Glenn can follow-up on the derm question, Jon. We're very excited
about the launch of Pumpkin. I think it's actually never been more relevant than it is as we enter a
recession. The focus of the Pumpkin insurance and preventative plans is really increasing access to care.
It's one of the biggest issues that pet owners have and the vet struggle with is, what's the price? Can they
get a pet and can they afford care? And really the new value proposition that we were trying to offer vets
and pet owners is a real focus on preventative. So our plan is unique in that really helps cover completely:
2 to 3 core vaccines for dogs and for cats, parasiticides for the year and that wellness visit, which is an

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

important part. Many pet owners didn't want to get pet insurance in the U.S. because they felt like it only
paid, "if their animal got sick". And under the new wave that we have combined the insurance and the
preventative care plan, we think pet owners will see the value day 1.

And so although there are some changes to where that goes for a vet clinic, ensuring that those animals
will be coming in regularly, because that is a visit that's paid for, for the vaccines and the wellness visits
and the parasiticides, we think, really does help the veterinarian. So as we sat down, I think there was
a lot of, I think, from some of our competitors, noise around that when it first launched. But as we sat
down to explain the vet, what we're paying for overall in a wellness visit, how we'll be encouraging that,
how we'll be covering vaccines, I think veterinarians are quite excited at the opportunity as many new
people have adopted pets. And the opportunity in the space overall, in the U.S., with penetration levels of
pet insurance very low at 2%, 3% versus the rest of the world at 20%, 30%, 40%, is significant. And we
think, especially going into recession, this is an important part of ensuring that pets get the care and that
they go to the vet to get that care. So I'll turn it over to Glenn to comment on the derm.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of the total derm sales breakout. So for the year, total was 109 -- for the quarter, total
was $194 million with 25% growth, U.S. was $136 million with 31% growth and international was $58
million with 14% growth.

Operator

We'll go next to Jon Block with Stifel.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I'll ask both upfront. Kristin, maybe the first one for you. I may have missed it, but I don't think I heard
a revised market growth figure versus the previous 4% to 5%, is there one there? And then if so, is your
0.5% operational midpoint, call it, still above market expectations?

And then the second one, Glenn, just the slowdown in EPS was a little bit more -- was little bit bigger than
what we were expecting. So any color on the decremental margins as we think on how it impacted the
P&L? I'm guessing maybe part of that is FX, but any color you can provide would be helpful.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure, Jon. Great question. No, you did not miss the -- what is the new market projection to be. The
groups that project the market growth, obviously, has not been able to do that yet, and this is a fast
emerging. So there is no general sense. As we look at it, we continue to see that pet care will probably
have the strongest growth globally overall, followed by poultry. As we look at the swine growth overall,
although that we're seeing significant impacts in the U.S. right now, given ASF in China and really the
strong demand that China is going to continue to have to import swine, we think swine will likely be okay.
It will probably have some impact but do better. And we see the greatest impact overall in cattle.

As you look at our business, we're about 50% companion animal, 50% livestock. So it really -- we haven't
seen updated market growth numbers to how we compare to that, but we think we will be doing better
than the market. And I think it might be helpful, Glenn can talk a little bit about -- you used the midpoint
of the range, but he'll talk a little bit what the assumptions are for us at the high end of the range and
what the assumptions are at the lower end of the range to help you better navigate that. So I'll let Glenn
take that question as well as the EPS.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Jon, when you look at the slowdown to EPS, there are a couple of things that I want to point out.
A, cost of goods is up since the last guidance, right, by about 50 basis points at the midpoint. Big part of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

that is driven by COVID-19 and some incremental freight costs as well as decremental costs we expect to
have to pay our suppliers for some of our key ingredients for the product. So that's one area that impacts
the slowdown to the bottom line.

We did take cuts in SG&A, about $100 million at the midpoint, as we've discussed, while we also do have
additional interest expense. The previous guidance was $215 million. Current guidance is approximately
$250 million, and that does take into account the fact that we will earn less interest income on our cash.
And it also does contemplate that we may incur some additional debt throughout the year. So it's really
the cost of goods and the interest expense that offsets some of the benefits that we were seeing in the
other expense line that are impacting the EPS.

Operator

We'll go next to Chris Schott with JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Maybe just the first one, just a clarification on the top line guidance update. I know you've touched on
this on a high level, but can you just quantify how much of the sales revision are these kind of near-term
COVID disruptions? Are people just not able to get to production sites and not able to see the vets versus
how much is longer-term recession-related headwind? And maybe in the same vein, how much of the
reduction is livestock versus companion? Is it 50-50? Is it 60-40? Any color there?

My second kind of bigger picture question was on the companion side of the business and how sensitive
that part of the portfolio is to a recession. Is that -- should we think about that business being more
insulated than livestock? Or is there also some potential sensitivity we have to think about on that portion
of the portfolio?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. I'll take pet care, and then Glenn can take overall guidance. With regards to pet care, in previous
recessions, it has been a very resilient industry, and we think it will continue to be. I think if you look at
the hit in Q2, it really -- obviously, recession impacts it, but less than most other sectors. But Q2 with
people not going to the vet, which is not necessarily right now in Q2 recession, it was more related to the
pandemic and the quarantine situation. As you look at it, we still have a very strong portfolio that doesn't
even require you to go to the vet. So even vet visit isn't always a great proxy for our business, since a
lot of our products can be bought online. But there are a percentage of our business that's more in clinic.
We're seeing much greater impact, for example, in diagnostics. But for us, diagnostics is only 5% of our
business. So we do think pet care will be quite resilient in the medium to long term and will bounce back.
And it has historically, as Glenn mentioned, been quite resilient historically.

But I think Glenn can do a good job of putting in context our assumptions as if we trend through the year
at the high end of the guidance versus the low end of the guidance for both pet care and livestock.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Chris, I'll just address your first question, and then we'll get into a little more of the details on the
guidance. So in terms of COVID versus the recession, obviously, we think Q2 will be the most severely
impacted, and COVID will be a big driver of that in both livestock and companion animal. In terms of
then going forward, we do expect an impact from the recession, and we do expect that the recessionary
impact will be more impactful on livestock than companion animal based on the reasons that Kristin just
shared. However, I think when you look at the overall guidance, right, we did do a bottoms-up analysis
to inform the guidance range because we do believe that the people in the markets are closest to this
and have the best information. And what we got back was pretty clear that Q2 will be the hardest hit due
to the impact of social distancing and the recession and the fact that the companion animal visits will be
lowest in Q2, and livestock plant closures will also impact the livestock side of the business. When you

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

look at the second half of the year, the high end of the guidance range assumes that the recessionary
impacts continue, but that companion animal visits return to more normalized levels and that our livestock
producers will return to full operations.

If you look at the lower end of the revenue range, that really assumes a very deep recession and also
contemplates a potential second wave of the virus with social distancing measures negatively impacting
both companion animal and livestock further in the second half of the year. So we're really just trying to
be very transparent with investors, as we always do, which is why we chose to provide the guidance with a
broader range. However, as we look to the long-term future of both the industry and our business, we do
expect that we will return to more normalized growth rates that we see in terms of revenue.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Westenberg with Guggenheim Securities.

David Michael Westenberg
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So I know you mentioned that the online alternative channels is a little bit more of a low base, but we
have seen a speed up in the adoption curve of online pharmacies. Now as we look to compliance in maybe
the back half of the year, I mean, do you think -- could we see maybe some upside from reorders that we
not -- would normally not see?

And then my second question is a little bit more continued granularity on the guidance. So when we're
looking at -- in the last week, I think I've seen some data and talking to clinics about normalization almost
in the last week. So when we're looking at Q2, I mean, should we assume the last couple of weeks is
something that could happen in Q2? And I know that your crystal ball might not necessarily be perfect
here. But just as we're modeling that, it's moving so fast, and it does seem like there's some positive
bounce back in the last week. I just want to be fairly accurate in the way we're modeling that.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Thanks, David. I'll start with the online channels, and I'll let Glenn pick up your question on the more
detailed guidance and what you're seeing as the trends right now in vet visits. The online channels have
been a significant trend. I'd say from a few different places. And if they continue, I do think there is an
upside with regards to compliance. We've seen a significant uptick in vets signing up for Covetrus as vet's
first choice and Vetsource to make sure that their pet owners get their products, if they -- even if they feel
uncomfortable coming into the vet.

We have seen -- and they publish, as well, studies that once you get a customer on to your online home
delivery, that their compliance goes up because it ships once a month and there's less of the stress. So we
do think that's a potential upside. And again, it really just accelerated a trend that we saw would happen,
but we have seen significant growth in that channel for us. And I think that's why, as I said before, our
portfolio has been more resilient in some other companies because many of our products you can get from
home delivery. The other big channel that's been quite growing quite quickly for us remains e-commerce.
So Chewy has also increased its sales dramatically with us. Again, I want to go back to Glenn's earlier
point, this is off a very low base. This was historically a very small percentage. It is growing very quickly,
and we do think especially now, consumers would like to get more shipped directly to them. So I think this
is a trend that we're going to continue to see. And we do think it does have the upside over the medium-
term to improve compliance overall with pet owners. So that is a potential upside. I'll let Glenn take the
rest of your questions with regards to guidance.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of guidance and for Q2, in particular, and some of the trends that we're seeing in the
more current weeks, I think it's important, a, to break it out between the U.S. and international. So again,
reminding, because of our international close, Q2 for us will be the months of March, April and May. So

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

recovery in terms of visits will have a smaller benefit in international because it only applied to the end of
April and early May.

When you look at the U.S., however, in early April, we were seeing visits down 20% to 30%. But to
your point, we have seen those numbers begin to rise pretty significantly. And to the extent that, that
continues, that could limit the impact that we would expect to see in Q2, particularly on the companion
animal side of the business. So those are positive trends, and we hope that those trends do continue.

Operator

Our next question is from Balaji Prasad with Barclays.

Balaji V. Prasad
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So Kristin, could I -- we have discussed much about the near-term impact and what we're likely to see in
Q2 and Q3. Can I just take a step back here and ask you about the longer-term implications of COVID-19
on both livestock and companion animal side? How do you think about the change in industry dynamics
here with user behavior, veterinary practices, meat producers? And what it means more importantly for
the long-term industry growth numbers that were discussed in both the companion animal and livestock
side?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Thanks. Absolutely, we very much still believe the longer-term trends for this industry are very strong. If
you look at the trend of the humanization of pets, I actually think it's been accelerated. So as you look at
the next few years of people likely spending more time at home, less travel, maybe potentially working
from home more, they're around their pets longer. They tend to, therefore, want to take better care of
them. They also tend to notice issues before they might have noticed them historically. So we think really,
the long-term trend here is very positive, and we'll continue the humanization of pets. The only thing that
will temper that is obviously a recession. But again, as we said in previous recessions, pet care has been
quite a resilient space.

I think as you look at the longer-term trend in livestock, I think for the next, say -- as we talked about
this year, there's some significant impacts to many of our producers. But over the medium to long term,
feeding the world is an important secular trend that is not going to change. So supply chains will realign
themselves so that it more -- it goes to the grocery store, we'll be better aligned to do that. They'll change
it in the sense of dine-in, dine-out. They also evolve across species. So it may be that you'll see poultry
and pork do better over the short to medium term. But in the end of the day, as we've seen over and
over again in other crises and recessions, feeding the world is a strong secular trend. So we remain quite
optimistic for the industry and specifically for our portfolio. If you look at our portfolio, it's very diversified,
and that has been very good for us over the years, with about half in the U.S., half outside the U.S., with a
50-50 split between livestock and companion animal and watching that evolve. So we're very optimistic to
continue to believe that the industry, and more importantly, Zoetis will be resilient.

Operator

Next question is from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So congrats on the Pumpkin innovative and compelling offering, certainly differentiated. Could you help us
understand the insurance element of the promotional offering including acute illness coverage and exactly
what Zoetis is pitching to pet owners with respect to the insurance aspect? And then just a side comment.
With respect to the second wave that you're modeling, you're assuming that second wave in the fourth
quarter, not this summer, correct?

Kristin C. Peck

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

CEO & Director

Okay. So I'll start with the insurance and I'll let Glenn take the question on the second wave. We're
very excited about Pumpkin. What we think truly differentiates it is the preventative wellness plan.
The insurance, again, we are not taking underwriting risk in this. That is taken by Crum & Forster. I
can't get into comparing individual plans. Obviously, it would depend on your pet, its age, as always, all
insurance does. I would say the insurance is a very strong insurance plan, but there's many comparable
ones on the insurance. The unique part of the offering is the real focus on the additional preventative
wellness plan, where I think we have a very unique offering there and it's quite differentiated. But from
an insurance perspective, it's quite competitive with other things out there. I wouldn't say the insurance
alone is as differentiated. I would say how we work with our customers, the customer experience is
quite differentiated. If you've checked it out and gone to the website, we're trying to make it easier for
pet owners simpler to understand, simpler to file claims. So we're really looking to innovate on user
experience with regards to the insurance part of it, but the plan itself is comparable. What's really different
is the additional preventative wellness plan, which I think is quite different. But I'll let Glenn take the
question on the second wave.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And in terms of the second wave, again, that's one of the assumptions within the lower end of our
guidance range. We would anticipate that, that would occur later in the year, not necessarily in the coming
months.

Operator

We'll go next to Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Just 2 quick questions from me. First, Kristin, just going back to your comments on Simparica Trio. Could
you maybe share some of the initial feedback that you've gotten from vets? And how receptive do you
think they might be to kind of using this product as the year-round treatment and potentially kind of
switching pets midyear? And then have you seen any change in response from competitors that's factored
into your outlook? That's kind of the first question.

Just the second question for Glenn. I think the companion animal growth rate internationally, I think,
slowed a little bit from what the recent trend has been. Could you maybe just go into more details on what
you saw there in the quarter?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Nathan. If you look at Trio, we think our customers have been quite receptive. They've been
very excited. This has been a highly anticipated product and the reception from many of our vets having
something exciting and new to discuss with their pet owners, to make sure that they can take care of a
deadly disease like heartworm and combine that with one of the best flea and ticks products. It's been
quite positive. We've been seeing it pick up even more in the last few weeks as vets have had more time
to engage. So honestly, from the market -- the vets have been very excited. We've seen great receptivity
to our direct-to-consumer advertising.

As we saw from some of our competitors, they did exactly what we expected. They definitely built a
channel with as much product as they could in Q1 before our launch. As we talked about at our Q4 call,
that was anticipated. And obviously, they will come after us, as they should. This is the single largest
sector, as you know, in animal health. And in the U.S. alone, it's a $2.5 billion market. So we're really
excited. We continue to see, as you saw our guidance that this will drive significant growth for us, overall
as a company and certainly in the U.S. And we have been very pleased with the receptivity of both vet and
pet owners to this new innovation. So Glenn, do you want to take the companion animal questions?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of companion animal in the international markets, so we did see good growth of 8% in
companion animal in the international markets. There were a couple of things that did factor into limiting
that growth to some degree. So, a, China grew 8%, which was actually a little below our expectations
because of the impact of COVID-19 and the timing of COVID-19 within that market. We also did see
declines in markets such as Italy and Canada. Italy was impacted by some changes in prescribing laws
that we think, again, will recover through the rest of the year. Whereas Canada was impacted somewhat
by the timing of the launch of Simparica Trio. There was a hold on some of the sales for Simparica from
our customers in anticipation of Simparica Trio being provided shortly thereafter.

Operator

The next question is from Kathy Miner with Cowen.

Kathleen Marie Miner
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Just -- could I follow-up a little bit more on the dermatology business? Specifically, was there any stocking
of Apoquel in the first quarter? And second of all, can you comment on CYTOPOINT? You've indicated
that there was growth in the quarter. And since this is a vet visit kind of product, just talk about those
dynamics and how you see that as we get into Q2 and later in the year and if there's any difference in this
U.S. versus OUS also.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So from an Apoquel perspective and just from a broader companion animal perspective, we did
not see stocking within the quarter. This is something that we monitor and manage very closely, and we
prefer ourselves to mirror our underlying demand. So we did not see significant stocking in the quarter of
any extent. When you look at the breakout between Apoquel and CYTOPOINT, they both performed very
well in the quarter, but CYTOPOINT did actually grow more rapidly as we think the convenience and the
compliance and the fact that it is administered in the clinic certainly does help CYTOPOINT. We also saw
very rapid growth in CYTOPOINT in international, growing approximately 71%, as it was introduced in new
markets as well. So very strong performance across the entire portfolio for both CYTOPOINT and Apoquel.

Operator

Our next question is from Elliot Wilbur with Raymond James.

Elliot Henry Wilbur
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Question on return to baseline or normalcy trends in terms of vet visits on the companion animal side.
Assuming that, in effect, does happen near year-end or sometime in the second half of 2020 at least, how
are you thinking about and how should we think about revenue per visit? Is there possibility of a trade-
down effect? Is that something that you've incorporated into expectations? And maybe any color from
experience during The Great Recession with respect to that aspect of vet visits would be helpful. And just
real quickly, if you could, could you just remind us of the relative margins within the livestock business
between cattle versus swine and poultry?

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So in terms of the relative margins across the livestock business, they actually are starting to
converge across. But in general, cattle is a higher-margin, then comes swine, and then comes poultry, but
they're all relatively close.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

And then in terms of the revenue per visit. So, a, in the first quarter, we did see very positive trends in
terms of revenue per visit in companion animal. We get most of that data honestly within the U.S. So we
haven't seen anything telling us that revenue per visit is declining significantly, but that is something that
we'll track throughout the year, but we have no data that indicates that, that is a trend that should reverse
at any time soon.

Operator

We'll go next to Greg Gilbert with SunTrust.

Gregory B. Gilbert
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

I know that you and others are offering telehealth to vet customers. Can you talk about how that's being
embraced and how that could affect the business longer term? And then secondly, what are you seeing
in Asia? I realize it's early days, but what are you seeing in terms of a return to normal or an attempt to
return to normal both from your own employee base as well as the customer base? In the U.S., we see a
lot of companies guiding to some return to normal for their business by year-end, but those companies
that are guiding have employees who are terrified to go back to work anytime soon.

So just trying to -- maybe that's a very U.S. sort of New York-centric way of thinking. But I'm hoping you
can offer some color from a more global perspective.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks so much, Greg. I'll start with looking at China. China really has come back. They have about
80% to 90% of vet clinics are now open. And they are seeing pet owners return, but they do -- the pet
owners do remain cautious. So I wouldn't say it's at exactly the same level. But if you look at -- and we
have significant operations in China. We are continuing to operate our manufacturing sites and other sites
there. And our experience there is the measures that the government has put in place to control the virus
and to do staggered shifts, et cetera, and track and trace are not measures that so far, most of Europe
and the U.S. are willing or are able to implement anyway. The ability to look at that as a proxy, we don't
think that is a good proxy for what a return to the workplace looks like in the U.S. and in Europe. They're
just -- what they've done there is quite different. We did see a strong growth in China. As you look at Q1,
they grew 13%, with 19% in livestock and 9% in companion animal. But we caution that looking at China
and extrapolating to the rest of the world is probably not the best strategy.

We do see and we've put a lot of focus in what a return to work looks like. We are leveraging our
experience in our manufacturing sites, distribution and R&D sites that have been operational as
an essential business throughout. And our plan is to leverage those learnings, where we looked at
implementing health and hygiene measures such as social distancing, increased sanitization, temp checks
and staggered shifts, and that is certainly the way we're looking to do that in the U.S. I think we talk a lot
about office-based colleagues, but field-based colleagues is another big category for us. And so we think
it's going to take a little longer, and we'll obviously be leveraging other opportunities such as telehealth
with -- and webinars and things like that with our customers. We need to make sure that as our colleagues
return, the customers are comfortable too. It's got to be 2-sided. And with regards to your question,
specifically on telehealth, we did see a quick uptick initially. It is a process change for clinics. So whether
or not and at what level that really continues to take off, it's still early days. I've actually been doing a
telehealth visit. I'd say it does help the vet do really simple checkups on a procedure to just make sure
the pet's okay. Remotely, it is actually more efficient and to get them paid for something that sometimes
they call a customer and they were never paid for. So I do think it will take off, but it is a big process flow
change for the vet and even integration to the system. So I think it will take a little time to see how fast
that picks up. But we've heard a positive reception for most of our customers who've started to adopt it,
but it does take a little time.

Operator

We'll take the next question from Navin Jacob with UBS.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

We'll just go to the next caller and see if he comes back.

Operator

Yes. We'll go to next one. We'll go next to Michael Ryskin with a follow-up.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

[Audio Gap]

On channel and your opportunity to move over there. Could you just sort of give us an overview of
the companion animal product portfolio you have now between vaccines and other injectables like
CYTOPOINT? There's a large part of the product that simply cannot be moved online. And then on the
other hand, you have parasiticides, the growing presence there, Apoquel, other products that with
a prescription, you can get it from Chewy and from other sites. Could you just discuss how Zoetis is
positioned here in the online channel?

And sort of big picture, do you anticipate COVID could drive a longer-term shift to more online pharmacy
purchases, as opposed to people going to the vet if people are trying to continue to practice some social
distancing longer term?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. As we look at our portfolio, the first thing I'd start with is almost all of our portfolio does require a
prescription. So the vet will remain at the center of anything that happens. But to your question of sort
of where they get products over, whether it's in the clinic, through home delivery, via the clinic website
or through Chewy, is really a focus. As you look about our portfolio, about 50% of our portfolio generally
would be given in clinic. That would be a vaccine, an injectable, a surgical, something for urgent care, et
cetera, and about 50% of our portfolio could eventually go to home delivery or online. And I think you're
seeing the acceleration of that as we look at the sort of the pandemic impact overall in Q1. And I think
that will continue to accelerate. But you look at a lot of this, it still requires a wellness visit, it still requires
a prescription. So the vet will stay center. But I do think you're seeing a real acceleration in home delivery
and in places like Chewy. It has the upside of driving compliance, as we've talked about before, and we do
believe it will. We'll see how fast it continues to go. But I think once you get a customer in the habit of a
monthly home delivery, it certainly makes their lives easier, so -- and it will drive compliance overall.

Operator

And it appears we have no further questions. I'll return the floor to you, Kristin, for closing remarks.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Thanks so much. These are certainly unprecedented times. But the one thing, as I started out with,
Zoetis as an essential business has also been a quite resilient company, and I'm quite proud of what our
colleagues across the world have done to ensure that they've taken care of each other and supported our
customers. Medicines, vaccines, diagnostics and many of our solutions will remain essential in the months
and years to come.

We think Zoetis has a diverse portfolio that addresses a broad spectrum of needs, and given the
diversification of our portfolio and our very strong balance sheet, we believe that Zoetis is strongly
positioned to manage certainly over this year and in the years to come.

We're driven by 2 very important secular trends, both the humanization of pets and ensuring we feed the
world. So we remain quite optimistic as we look to the end of 2020 and 2021 that Zoetis and our industry
will continue to be essential and resilient. Thanks so much for joining us today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Operator
And this will conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation, you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ZOETIS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

