AbbVie Inc. NYSE:ABBV
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 30, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

2.77

2.83

Revenue  (mm)

12714.75

12882.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 1:56 AM GMT

2.17

1.32

2.90

10.42

-

12.11

13661.02

45373.99

45500.00

53259.74

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.19

2.25

2.20

2.77

2.21

2.42

2.34

2.83

0.91 %

7.56 %

6.36 %

2.17 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Elizabeth Shea
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Gregory B. Gilbert
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Joshua Elliott Schimmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Randall S. Stanicky
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Sriker Mohan Nadipuram
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the AbbVie Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

And I would now like to introduce Ms. Liz Shea, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Elizabeth Shea
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Laura
Schumacher, Vice Chairman, External Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary.

Before we get started, I remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward-
looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions
that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic on AbbVie's operations, results and financial results that may cause actual results
to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about
these risks and uncertainties is included in our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC
filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as required
by law.

On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors
understand AbbVie's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled
with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which
can be found on our website.

Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable operational basis, which
includes full current year and historical results for Allergan and excludes the impact of exchange. For this
comparison of underlying performance, all historically reported Allergan revenues have been recast to
conform to AbbVie's revenue recognition accounting policies and exclude the divestitures of ZENPEP and
VIOKACE.

Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions.

So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our third quarter
performance and highlights as well as our full year guidance, which we are raising again this quarter. Mike
will then provide an update on recent advancements across our R&D programs, and Rob will discuss the
quarter in more detail. Following our remarks, we'll take your questions.

AbbVie delivered another excellent quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $2.83, exceeding the
midpoint of our guidance range by $0.08. When I look at our business and the actions we've taken to
position AbbVie for sustainable performance, including the acquisition of Allergan, I feel very good about
our long-term outlook. The fundamentals are strong, and there is considerable momentum across our
legacy and new portfolios, which are both demonstrating robust growth despite the COVID pandemic, and
together have the potential for significant long-term value creation.

I'd like to specifically highlight our recent progress across several aspects of our business, including the
launches of RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, which are performing well ahead of all comparable launch analogs in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

their initial indications and continue to exceed our expectations. Our hem/onc franchise also continues
to deliver robust performance and is expected to generate more than $6.5 billion in revenue this year,
representing strong double-digit growth. New indications and novel combinations, including our recently
announced collaboration with Genmab and I-Mab, provide opportunities for further revenue expansion.

While we're still relatively early in the integration of Allergan, the strategic merits of the combination
have never been more evident. We're already demonstrating that we have created a stronger, more
diverse company with robust cash flows and multiple new growth vehicles for the long term. We now have
the leading aesthetics franchise, which is demonstrating a strong V-shaped recovery as well as a highly
attractive neuroscience portfolio, which delivered double-digit growth on a comparable operational basis
this quarter and has significant momentum with Vraylar and our expanding migraine franchise.

And our pipeline is advancing nicely with numerous, attractive, late-stage programs that we believe will
allow us to maintain a growing and vibrant business. We're on track for the approval of more than a dozen
new products for major indications over the next 2 years, which will collectively add meaningful revenue
growth. This includes a total of 6 additional indications for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, expanded indications
for VENCLEXTA and several other near-term product -- new product approvals, including atogepant,
navitoclax and 951.

Clearly, this is a very exciting time for AbbVie, and I'm pleased with the progress that we're making
towards our long-term strategy for sustainable growth. I remain confident that we will continue to execute
as we have in the past, and deliver outstanding shareholder value going forward.

I'd like to look further at our business performance. I'm pleased with the recent trends across our
key growth areas. I'll start with immunology, where we've established strong trajectories for RINVOQ
and SKRYIZI. As I previously noted, both continue to perform well above expectations. In their initial
indications, these 2 brands have clearly demonstrated superior efficacy to Humira as well as other novel
agents on the market or in development, resulting in significant in-play market shares, a leading indicator
for long-term commercial performance.

The in-play share for RINVOQ in RA, which includes both new and switching patients, remained strong at
approximately 16% and has now reached parity with our market-leading Humira. In psoriasis, SKYRIZI
has already achieved the leading in-play market share at 33%. This level of share capture at this stage of
the launch is unprecedented, and if sustained, will ultimately lead to total market share well in excess of
what was contemplated when we communicated our expectations for 2025 sales. This strong performance
and trajectory, despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, is a testament to our differentiated product
profile and our commercial execution. Our focus since the pandemic has been on driving accelerated
patient activation, and we remain encouraged by our current prescription trends. Our recent performance
continues to give us confidence in the near and long-term potential for both RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, which
we now expect will deliver $2.2 billion in combined revenue for full year 2020, well exceeding our original
projections for this year.

In addition to outstanding commercial momentum, we're also making excellent progress with RINVOQ
and SKYRIZI in new indications, which we expect will further strengthen our leadership position. We have
already started planning and preparing for the forthcoming approval of 3 additional RINVOQ indications
next year, including psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis, giving us complete coverage across the
more than $40 billion rheumatology segment. We also expect approval in atopic dermatitis, another large
and growing market that has the potential to be multibillion-dollar peak revenues for RINVOQ. In the
coming year, we also intend to submit regulatory applications for SKYRIZI in psoriatic arthritis and both
agents in the area of inflammatory bowel disease, a more than $20 billion market today with high unmet
need. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with the progress we're making on both RINVOQ and SKRYIZI.

I'd also like to take this opportunity to announce that we will be hosting an immunology-focused Investor
Day in December, where we intend to further discuss our strategy, progress and expectations for this
important growth area. Additional details will be forthcoming.

Turning now to hem/onc, which delivered robust double-digit growth again this quarter and remains an
important therapeutic area for AbbVie's long-term performance. IMBRUVICA has a strong position across

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

multiple indications, including CLL, where it remains the clear market share leader across all lines of
therapy. IMBRUVICA sales increased 9% on an operational basis this quarter despite lower new patient
starts within CLL where the market remains below pre-COVID levels. VENCLEXTA sales increased nearly
60% on an operational basis this quarter. The penetration across our approved indications remained
strong, especially in AML, given the potential aggressive disease progression of that cancer.

In the quarter, we also announced a strategic collaboration with I-Mab, further expanding our oncology
portfolio with an anti-CD47 monoclonal antibody, which has potential across a wide range of blood
cancers. The I-Mab opportunity adds to our already attractive oncology pipeline, which includes navitoclax,
Genmab CD3xCD20, expanded indications for VENCLEXTA and several promising early-stage programs.

We also now have another high-performing franchise in neuroscience, which further diversifies AbbVie's
sources of long-term growth. Vraylar sales increased strong double digits again this quarter on a
comparable operational basis with annualized revenues of more than $1.4 billion. Given Vraylar's benefit
risk profile relative to other atypical antipsychotics, we remain confident in its long-term growth potential,
which we believe is multibillion dollars across the currently approved indications of bipolar disorder and
schizophrenia.

BOTOX Therapeutics, which has nearly a dozen medical treatment indications, including chronic migraine,
is also performing very well. Revenues were up nearly $100 million sequentially on a comparable
operational basis, demonstrating a rapid COVID recovery.

The launch of UBRELVY, our leading oral CGRP for acute migraine, is exceeding our expectations.
Commercial access is ramping strongly, and increasing DTC investments have resulted in encouraging new
patient starts and market expansion. When you consider our overall scale with BOTOX Therapeutics with
well of these acute treatment profile and the promising development of atogepant for the prevention of
episodic and chronic migraine, we see substantial room for long-term revenue growth with this best-in-
class migraine portfolio.

Within aesthetics, our fourth major growth platform, we're seeing robust demand trends and a rapid V-
shaped recovery. Total global aesthetics revenues of more than $950 million were up 70% sequentially
on a comparable operational basis, illustrating the significant underlying demand for both BOTOX
Cosmetics and JUVÉDERM. We remain focused on supporting clinics through the COVID pandemic and
expect consistent investment in consumer promotion to expand the aesthetics market which remains
underpenetrated globally.

Our dedicated R&D and business development are expected to sustain new innovation and rapidly expand
our aesthetics portfolio for long-term growth, including the recently announced acquisition of Luminera,
which provides us with a complementary dermal filler portfolio and pipeline. Overall, we're very pleased
with the momentum that we're seeing with our aesthetics franchise.

AbbVie's business continues to remain resilient and demonstrates strong underlying growth throughout
the pandemic. Based on the performance this quarter and our progress year-to-date, we're raising our
full year 2020 EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of $10.47 to $10.49, reflecting
growth of more than 17% at the midpoint.

In addition to the excellent progress we're making across the portfolio, the integration of Allergan
continues to go very well. Despite the size of this transaction and the timing of the COVID pandemic, the
transition has been seamless. We're performing very well against both our synergy and accretion targets,
and it has become increasingly clear to us that there are also opportunities for revenue synergies across
various aspects of the business.

We're now 6 months post close, and the strategic merits of the transaction are extremely evident. Allergan
is providing additional growth platforms, robust financial benefits and greater diversity of our business.
We remain confident that the newly combined business will generate significant earnings and cash flow
to support continued investment in our innovative R&D platform as well as a strong and growing dividend
while also allowing us to rapidly pay down debt.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

To that end, as noted in our news release, today, we're announcing a 10.2% increase in our quarterly cash
dividend from $1.18 per share to $1.30 per share, beginning with the dividend payable in February '21.
Since inception, we have grown our quarterly dividend by 225%.

So in summary, we continue to demonstrate strong execution across our portfolio and remain encouraged
by the overall recovery trends. We've assembled an impressive set of diversified growth assets with
significant growth potential, giving us a high degree of confidence in the long-term outlook for our
business.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

Thank you, Rick. We continue to make great progress across all stages of our pipeline. And this morning,
I'll highlight key events since our last earnings call.

Starting with immunology, where we achieved several major milestones, including submission of our U.S.
and European regulatory applications for RINVOQ in ankylosing spondylitis and atopic dermatitis. We
expect regulatory decisions in the first half of 2021 for both indications as well as for psoriatic arthritis
which was submitted for regulatory review earlier this year. Within the rheumatology segment, both
psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis are large and important markets and represent a significant
growth opportunity for RINVOQ.

We will highlight the growing body of data from our rheumatology portfolio at the upcoming virtual ACR
Congress, where we'll present 35 abstracts from multiple assets across our portfolio, including 6 selected
for oral presentation.

Atopic dermatitis is a new disease area for AbbVie and also represents an important area of growth for
our immunology franchise going forward. Based on the data generated in our registrational program, we
remain very confident in the benefit/risk profile for RINVOQ in atopic dermatitis and believe it will offer
meaningful advantages of our products on the market today or in development.

Beyond the Phase III studies that support our regulatory submission, we are also evaluating RINVOQ in a
head-to-head Phase III trial against dupilumab, which, if successful, will help further support RINVOQ as a
highly differentiated therapeutic option for patients with atopic dermatitis. We look forward to seeing data
from this head-to-head study later this quarter.

In the area of inflammatory bowel diseases, we remain on track to see induction data later this quarter
from our Phase III program for RINVOQ in ulcerative colitis. We'll see data from a second induction study
in ulcerative colitis as well as results from the maintenance portion of these studies next year. We expect
to file our regulatory applications in 2021 as well.

We are also making great progress with the development programs for SKRYIZI. And later this quarter,
we expect data from several new indications across rheumatology and gastroenterology. We'll see data
from 2 Phase III studies in psoriatic arthritis and results from the first Phase III induction study in Crohn's
disease, supporting regulatory applications for both indications in 2021.

Outside of immunology, SKYRIZI will also be evaluated as a potential treatment for COVID-19 as part of
the NIH ACTIV program, which is a public-private partnership aimed at accelerating potential therapies
and vaccines for COVID-19. SKYRIZI was selected through a prioritization process that evaluated
immunomodulators with acceptable safety profiles as potential treatments for COVID-19 complications
caused by the cytokine storm observed in some patients. SKYRIZI will be included in the ACTIV-5 Big
Effect Trial, which is a Phase II study designed to evaluate a number of drugs that are either approved or
in late-stage development as potential treatments for COVID-19.

In our early-stage immunology pipeline, earlier this year, we top lined positive results from a proof-of-
concept study, evaluating our novel TNF steroid conjugate, ABBV-3373, in RA. We recently completed the
Phase I PK and safety study for our second TNF steroid conjugate, ABBV-154. Based on these data, we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

have selected 154 to move forward into larger-scale trials. We expect to begin a Phase IIb definitive dose-
ranging study for 154 in RA in the first half of 2021.

As Rick mentioned, we will be hosting an immunology day for investors in December, where we will
provide an update on our immunology strategy and long-term outlook for the franchise. We look forward
to providing additional updates on our immunology pipeline at that time.

In oncology, we continue to advance our portfolio with several important Phase III studies beginning in the
quarter, including VENCLEXTA in high-risk myelodysplastic syndrome and navitoclax in myelofibrosis. We
also recently received full FDA approval of VENCLEXTA in combination with azacitidine, decitabine or low-
dose cytarabine in newly diagnosed AML patients who are ineligible for intensive induction chemotherapy.
This approval is supported by the Phase III VIALE-A and VIALE-C studies.

Updated efficacy and safety results from VIALE-A were recently published in the New England Journal
of Medicine and show that the combination of VENCLEXTA and azacitidine extended overall survival
compared to azacitidine plus placebo. Additionally, following the publication of the VIALE-A results, the
NCCN guidelines were updated to recommend the VENCLEXTA and azacitidine combination as a category
1 preferred treatment for AML patients who are ineligible for intensive chemotherapy. Importantly, the
VENCLEXTA combination has the category 1 designation, irrespective of mutational status.

Also in the quarter, we announced a collaboration with I-Mab to develop and commercialize the anti-
CD47 monoclonal antibody, lemzoparlimab. The emerging data for lemzoparlimab is very encouraging and
provides AbbVie access to another potentially differentiated asset in the immuno-oncology space. The data
generated to date show that lemzoparlimab effectively blocks tumor-specific CD47 interactions but with
much lower binding to red blood cells, potentially leading to a better safety profile. Lemzoparlimab is being
studied in multiple cancers with a focus on hematological malignancies.

In neuroscience, we recently presented new data from several clinical programs at the Virtual Migraine
Trust International Symposium, showcasing the breadth and strength of our migraine portfolio and
demonstrating AbbVie's commitment to providing multiple treatment options for the acute and
preventative treatment of migraine. In total, 15 abstracts were presented for BOTOX, UBRELVY and
atogepant.

Included in the MTIS presentation were the detailed results for atogepant in the Phase III ADVANCE study,
which demonstrated a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement over placebo with
all atogepant doses for the primary endpoint of reduction in mean monthly migraine days. Significant
improvements were also observed for all secondary endpoints in the 30-milligram and 60-milligram dose
groups. Treatment with atogepant resulted in 56% to 61% of subjects achieving at least a 50% reduction
in monthly migraine days compared to 29% for the placebo group.

We're very encouraged by the strong benefit/risk profile that has been demonstrated for atogepant in
migraine prevention and believe that, once approved, this new oral treatment option will be competitively
positioned in the prevention market. Together with BOTOX for chronic migraine prevention and UBRELVY
for acute migraine treatment, the addition of atogepant creates a market-leading portfolio in migraine that
represents significant long-term value for AbbVie.

In aesthetics, we continue to make good progress with our portfolio of facial toxins and dermal fillers. We
have several ongoing programs for new indications for BOTOX and for the JUVÉDERM collection as well as
a pipeline of innovative toxins and dermal fillers, which we expect to reach the market over the course of
the next 5 years. BOTOX has been the leading neurotoxin for over 2 decades with R&D efforts in aesthetics
primarily focused on the upper face. To support expansion to the lower face region, we have several
programs ongoing, including studies in masseter and platysma prominence. We recently had a positive
data readout for our Phase II study for the reduction of masseter prominence in the lower face. This study
met all primary and secondary endpoints, demonstrating that the severity of prominence was reduced
following a single treatment of BOTOX. Based on these results, we plan to begin Phase III development
next year, which will support registration in the U.S. and Europe.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

We also recently announced the acquisition of Luminera's dermal filler portfolio, led by Harmonica, which
is an innovative dermal filler developed for facial soft tissue augmentation. Luminera's assets are highly
complementary to our JUVÉDERM filler franchise, and we look forward to expanding their development to
markets around the world.

And in eye care, we recently announced positive top line results from the Phase III GEMINI 1 and GEMINI
2 studies, which evaluated our topical eye drop, AGN-190584 for the treatment of symptoms associated
with presbyopia. In both studies, 584 met the primary endpoint and the majority of secondary endpoints
with data from both studies demonstrating that treatment with 584 resulted in significant near-vision
gains in low lighting conditions without a loss of distance vision. Based on these results, we plan to submit
our regulatory application to the FDA in the first half of next year.

So in summary, we've continued to make significant progress advancing and accelerating our programs
this quarter, and we look forward to many more important pipeline milestones in the coming months and
through 2021.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Rob for additional comments on our third quarter performance and
financial outlook. Rob?

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Mike. Starting with third quarter results, we delivered strong top and bottom line performance.
We reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.83, above our guidance midpoint by $0.08. Total adjusted
net revenues were approximately $12.9 billion, up 4.1% on a comparable operational basis and ahead of
our expectations.

Immunology global sales were approximately $5.8 billion, up 15% on an operational basis despite
the impact of COVID on new patient starts across the immunology market. U.S. Humira sales were
approximately $4.2 billion, up 7.7% compared to prior year, reflecting continued demand growth plus
price. Wholesaler inventory levels remained below half a month in the quarter. International Humira sales
were $951 million, down 8% operationally, reflecting biosimilar competition across Europe and other
international markets. SKYRIZI sales were $435 million with leading in-play share in the U.S. psoriasis
market and robust sequential growth internationally. RINVOQ sales were $215 million with continued
strong in-play share in the U.S. RA market.

Hematologic oncology delivered another strong quarter with sales of $1.7 billion, up 16.4% on an
operational basis. IMBRUVICA net revenues were approximately $1.4 billion, up 9% driven by our leading
share in CLL. VENCLEXTA revenues were $352 million with strong demand across all approved indications.
MAVYRET sales were $414 million, down 41.1% on an operational basis as treated patient volumes have
remained below pre-COVID levels.

Aesthetics sales were $967 million with BOTOX Cosmetics and JUVÉDERM both experiencing a faster-than-
expected recovery from the COVID pandemic.

Neuroscience revenues were more than $1.2 billion, led by Vraylar and our migraine portfolio. Vraylar
once again delivered strong growth with revenues of $358 million. BOTOX Therapeutic continues to
experience a rapid recovery from the COVID pandemic with sales of $523 million in the quarter. The
launch of UBRELVY is also going very well with the recent direct-to-consumer promotion driving new
prescription growth. Sales of UBRELVY were $38 million. We also saw a significant contribution from eye
care, which had sales of $840 million.

Turning now to the P&L profile for the third quarter. Adjusted gross margin was 81.7% of sales, adjusted
R&D investment was 11.7% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 21.1% of sales. The adjusted
operating margin ratio was 48.8% of sales, an improvement of 40 basis points versus the prior year. Net
interest expense was $620 million, and the adjusted tax rate was 11.7%.

As Rick previously mentioned, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to
between $10.47 and $10.49, including accretion from the Allergan transaction of 12% on an annualized

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

basis. Excluded from this guidance is $6.58 of known intangible amortization and specified items. This
guidance now contemplates 2020 adjusted net revenue of approximately $45.7 billion, representing an
increase of $200 million from our previous estimate. At current rates, we now expect foreign exchange to
have a modest unfavorable impact on full year reported sales growth.

Included in this guidance are the following updated 2020 assumptions: we now expect international
Humira sales approaching $3.7 billion; for SKYRIZI, we now expect revenues of approximately $1.5
billion; for RINVOQ, we now expect sales of approximately $700 million; for IMBRUVICA, we now expect
revenue of approximately $5.3 billion as new patient starts in the CLL market remain below pre-COVID
levels.

For aesthetics, we now expect post-close sales of approximately $2.5 billion with BOTOX Cosmetics and
JUVÉDERM both demonstrating a fast recovery. For MAVYRET, we now expect sales of approximately $1.9
billion as treatments remain below pre-COVID levels. We now expect Lupron revenues of approximately
$750 million as we work to resolve a near-term supply issue, which has impacted availability of certain
formulations.

Moving to the P&L. We continue to forecast full year adjusted gross margin just above 82% of sales and
adjusted operating margin of approximately 48% of sales. This guidance includes approximately $600
million in expense synergies for the partial year in 2020. We remain on track to deliver greater than $2
billion in expense synergies by 2022.

As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we anticipate adjusted net revenue approaching $13.8 billion. At
current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a modest favorable impact on reported sales growth.
We are forecasting an adjusted operating margin ratio of approximately 46.5% of sales. We model a
non-GAAP tax rate of 11.6%, and we expect the average share count to be similar to Q3. We expect
adjusted earnings per share between $2.83 and $2.85, excluding approximately $1.73 of known intangible
amortization and specified items.

Finally, AbbVie's strong business performance continues to support our capital allocation priorities.
We generated $12.7 billion of operating cash flow in the first 9 months of the year, and our cash and
investments balance at the end of September was $8 billion.

Underscoring our confidence in AbbVie's long-term outlook, today, we announced a 10.2% increase in our
quarterly cash dividend, beginning with the dividend payable in February 2021. We also remain on track to
pay down $15 billion to $18 billion of combined company debt by the end of 2021 and expect to achieve a
net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.5x by the end of next year with further deleveraging through 2023.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liz.

Elizabeth Shea
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Rob. We will now open the call for questions. Operator, first question, please.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question today is from Chris Schott from JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Congrats on the results. I guess just 2 for me. First, 2021, I know you're not giving guidance yet.
But can you just talk through some of the pushes and pulls we should keep in mind as we think about next
year's numbers? It seems like the core business, obviously, has a lot of traction here. I'm just trying to
get a sense of kind of, from your perspective, what are the kind of uncertainties as you think about that
guidance number for next year?

And my second question was on RINVOQ in atopic derm. Can you just elaborate a bit more on how you're
thinking about the size of that opportunity? I know one of your peers has a single indication. JAK and AD.
They think it's a $3 billion peak sales opportunity. I know that's well above your risk-adjusted numbers
you gave a few years ago. It sounds like now you're talking about potential multibillion-dollar opportunity.
But just help us flesh out a little bit about how big of an opportunity could this be for the product.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Okay. So Chris, this is Rick. I'll talk a little bit about '21. And then Mike, maybe you can talk a little bit
about how we view RINVOQ in AD and Rob. So when we look at '21, I think you have to step back and
say, "How are we performing this year?" And obviously, we're performing very well. There's still some
COVID impact built in. It varies a bit by therapeutic areas. Some areas are impacted more than others. So
as an example, CLL has been impacted more than other areas. HCV has been impacted more than other
areas. It's usually places where the therapy can be delayed without significant consequence for the patient
is where we're seeing the most significant delays.

So as we move through the fourth quarter, we'll see whether or not that recovers more, and that's
certainly one aspect of it. I would say, even without much recovery, the underlying performance of the
business looks good. I think you can look at the dividend increase that we put through, and that should
give you some flavor for the level of confidence that we have because, obviously, we want to tie that to
what we assumed that we could deliver from an overall performance standpoint.

I'd also say that as we've looked at consensus, we're comfortable with what we see in consensus in 2021.
So we're going to see a few other things just play out primarily around COVID. How much improvement
we get. We have launched a number of programs over the course of the last couple of months to try to
activate patients more to go to their physicians and seek treatment out. I think those programs, some
of those programs will be successful, and we'll see some of those increase, particularly in immunology,
because dermatology is another one of those areas that the new patient starts are still off a little bit. Now
obviously, SKYRIZI is performing extremely well, and Humira continues to perform well. So I'd say that's
the single biggest issue.

Rob, Mike, do you want to talk about RINVOQ?

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

Certainly, I'll start and then pass it over to Rob if he wants to add a little bit more detail. We view atopic
dermatitis as a very attractive and a very substantial opportunity overall. It's an indication that, I think,
for many years was underappreciated by the industry. Now that's changed recently, and you've seen
a lot of focus in drug development in atopic dermatitis. We feel very good about the profile that we've
demonstrated.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Coming out of Phase II, when we made those statements about the risk-adjusted potential in atopic
dermatitis, we felt good about our data, and those data were sufficient to get a breakthrough therapy
designation. We're in the fortunate and not always that common situation where our Phase III results have
actually outperformed our expectations based on Phase II. And if you look at the Phase III results, they're
really strong across the board. They're strong in total response. They're strong in rapidity of response,
and they're strong on components like itch, which is the most troublesome symptom to patients in the
majority of cases.

And so when you couple that with the safety profile that we've demonstrated, which we think is very
favorable, we see this as something that has very real potential. And when we look across studies, we
feel very good about our results. And of course, we have a head-to-head study with dupilumab, which
is coming up later on this quarter. And so that will be important additional information, and we're very
optimistic about those results. Rob, I don't know if you'd like to add anything further.

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

Okay, Chris, this is Rob. So if you think about atopic dermatitis, it's a $3 billion global market with very
strong growth potential. In our 2025 risk-adjusted guidance of greater than $10 billion for RINVOQ and
SKYRIZI, we included $1 billion of revenue for RINVOQ AD, but we feel pretty good that we can achieve
that expectation.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

And the only other thing I'd add is I think atopic derm is a market very similar to several others, in fact,
psoriasis, I would say, with a similar type of market. That as you get more competitors in the market
driving promotion, it has a very large population of patients. So the question is activating those patients
and getting them to go into the physicians' offices to seek treatment.

And so obviously, when you have one company doing that, they have the capacity to drive a certain
amount. When you have more than one company, you're doubling or tripling the amount of promotion
activity, particularly here in the U.S., and that tends to activate more patients to seek treatment. I think if
you looked at the total available market, patients who would qualify, it's a huge market, and it's north of
$5 billion easily. So the question is how fast can you activate them and how broadly can you activate those
patients.

From a profile standpoint of our drug, I think we'll compete quite effectively. And I think, in particular,
the performance around itch is going to give us an advantage. So it's a very attractive market, and it's
certainly one that we will focus a lot of attention on to drive.

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

And Chris, this is Rob. And just to clarify, I'm not sure if I said exceed or achieve, but we expect to exceed
that $1 billion risk-adjusted number for RINVOQ AD in 2025.

Operator

And our next question is from Geoffrey Porges from SVB Leerink.

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Rick, a question for you. With the dividend going up, it looks like you've got about a 6.5% dividend yield.
The core business is performing well. And my question is what are the -- and you're now a $50 billion to
$55 billion top line company. What are the pipeline assets that can really move the needle?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

I know all the new indications, the existing NME. But what new NMEs can be really substantial to move the
needle on a $55 billion top line? Because I think that's part of why you've got an industry high dividend
yield.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

So Geoff, this is Rick. I think if you look at the business, you have to look at it in phases, right? So I'd
say the phase between now and, call it, 2025, 2026, that growth is going to be driven by expansion of
RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, continued strong growth in the neuroscience pipeline, continued strong growth in
the aesthetics pipeline and continued strong growth in hem/onc.

Starting in that '25 time frame and beyond, that's where the earlier to mid-stage pipeline will drive a
significant amount of growth. Now there will be assets like navitoclax, like 951, atogepant that will come
in prior to that and help boost growth right around '23 and '24. But I can tell you, we're very confident
that we have now built a portfolio that can sustain growth and drive growth on the other side of the LOE.
In fact, I would tell you that when I look at RINVOQ and SKYRIZI and I look at the in-play market shares
that we see with those assets today, when we gave guidance of 2025, we assume that, on average, we
would achieve high single-digit market share across the indications.

So as an example, you look at SKYRIZI right now. SKYRIZI's in-play share is 33%, the market leader by
a wide margin. The next closest product is at 16% in-play share. And its TRx share is now at 11% and
climbing rapidly. So it's already above what we had assumed the peak would have been out in 2025 from
a market share standpoint. And if we maintain that 33%, by then, it will have an overall share of about
33%. So it will be 3x what we had assumed for psoriasis.

So when you look at the speed at which we're bringing the new indications, when you look at the breadth
of those indications across the revenue base that Humira has today, we have covered all of the major
indications for Humira plus one more that Humira doesn't have, which is atopic derm. And if we can
achieve that kind of market share in each of these indications, then we'll obviously double what we
assume that 2025 number was. And that gets you pretty close to covering all of Humira in the U.S. So
I'm very encouraged about that. And I think that, along with the other assets and the 4 major growth
platforms, gives us a tremendous amount of confidence that we can drive growth on a sustainable basis at
a very high level.

Operator

And our next question is from Vamil Divan from Mizuho Securities.

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

So maybe just sort of following up on what has been asked. But for 2021, on Chris's question, can you
just talk a little bit on how you're thinking about drug pricing, pressure, I guess, U.S. or globally? Just
again, as we're trying to think about our modeling for next year, I think that would be helpful.

And then maybe building on Geoff's question. I think one of the other concerns that investors have is
around potential tax reform that may come out of D.C., depending how the election plays out. I know
it's tough to ask this a few days before the election, but I guess based on what you're seeing from the --
especially from the Biden side -- I guess the Biden side right now, is there anything you can share with
investors at this point in terms of how your sort of tax rate may change going forward?

And I appreciate there's probably not much you can give, but is there any insight, I think, would be helpful
because I think it is what your investors seem very concerned about at this point.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Yes. Well, Vamil, obviously, it's still unclear as to what the landscape will be on the other side of the
election, so we obviously have to let that play out. Having said that, I think we assume that there will be
continued pressure on the industry as it relates to drug pricing.

As far as what our expectations would be in 2021, I think our expectations in 2021 from a price
standpoint will be similar to what they were in '19 and '20, and that is we weren't reliant on price. I mean,
fortunately, our business is primarily a volume-driven business. It's typically in areas that have very
serious diseases and have strong value propositions, and so that gives me confidence that we'll be able to
fare reasonably well, even if there are changes.

I'd say the second thing is it's unlikely that you will get changes that have a significant impact early on
in '21 because there's going to be a lot of debate here about what those changes are. What I would hope
the debate ultimately transitions to is co-pays and out-of-pocket costs for patients because that is the
fundamental issue, and it's particularly the issue when you look at Part D patients. They had to pay far too
much of the burden of the cost from an out-of-pocket cost standpoint, and they're really the only group of
patients in the U.S. that have that kind of burden associated with them.

If you look at the overall performance from a cost standpoint of Medicare Part D, it's performed very well.
In fact, if you go back to the original CBO estimates, over the last 10 years, it's come in 45% below the
original estimates for what we grow. And if you look at Part D, it's grown at about the rate of other health
care services' inflation, not significantly higher. And so the affordability problem is really around those co-
pays. We have to drive those co-pays.

And then I think the other thing that has to be played in here is I would hope, as this debate goes on,
they're going to look very carefully at our industry and the value of our industry, both from a societal
standpoint as well as an economic standpoint. I mean this is a tremendously valuable industry. Just look
at what we've done as an industry as it relates to this pandemic, whether you're talking about vaccines
or you're talking about therapeutics. Look at what we've done in advancements of cancer. And then from
an economic standpoint, this industry supports directly and indirectly 4 million jobs in the United States,
typically high-paying jobs. It produces a tremendous amount of economic output for the U.S., and so it's
an industry that you don't want to damage in the process. And I think that has to be part of the debate.

But the short answer to your question is I think we are not assuming we'll get a lot of benefit from price
in '21. We're also not assuming that across that year, we would see a significant change that would have a
dramatic impact on that calendar year.

Tax reform is your next question.

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

So Vamil, it's Rob. So based on the very high-level information in the buy-in proposal, we would see an
increase in our tax rate like most U.S. companies, but it's really difficult to provide a rate impact without
the details. That said, AbbVie would still have a favorable profile versus our peers, and we wouldn't have
raised our dividend if we were overly concerned about the implications.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

And the only thing I'd add, Vamil, on that one is we obviously did flex what we thought the tax rate could
be, and we just don't know that much about it. We know what has been said. But we flexed it against this
dividend increase and made sure we were absolutely comfortable with payout ratios based on that, and we
are or we wouldn't have moved forward with a 10.2% increase.

Operator

And our next question is from Steve Scala from Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Congratulations on another impressive quarter. I have several questions, but 3 of them are short. Can you
be more specific on where SKYRIZI patients are coming from? I think it's notable that COSENTYX was a
bit light this quarter in Novartis-sided competition. Secondly, what was the non-GAAP interest expense
number in the quarter? Third, you provided guidance for Humira OUS but I don't think U.S. So can you tell
us what you think the U.S. guidance would look like?

And then lastly, we have tracked clinical trial activity during the pandemic, and it shows AbbVie recruiting
trials are up 14% year-to-date. That is industry leading, 2x greater than the next closest competitor
and much better than the average, which is down. And I'm just curious what accounts for this. Is it a
deliberate strategy to capture patients when other companies are taking a wait-and-see approach? Or is it
something else?

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Okay. So Steve, I'll handle your first question. Rob will handle 2 and 3, and Mike can handle number 4. So
if you look at the in-play share, about 25% of that in-play share is coming -- on SKYRIZI is coming from
Humira. The other 75% is coming from competitors. I'd say it's primarily the 17s but some coming from
the other 12, 23s -- or 23s. But I'd say the bulk of it is coming from the 17s. So that might answer your
question about COSENTYX.

If you look at the capture of the type of patient that we're getting with SKYRIZI, it's very balanced. It's
about 50-50 between first line and then second line. So that's a nice balance between naïve patients and
patients who have failed other therapies. So I think it's -- the asset is performing the way you would
expect a high-performing, high-efficacy asset to be able to perform. It has quickly become the preferred
product by prescribing physicians. It has a great profile. It's quarterly dosing. It's got great efficacy. The
efficacy improves over time. There aren't any assets that have that kind of a profile on the market, so I
would expect that SKYRIZI will continue to increase its in-play share. It's jumped about 3 points over the
last maybe 2 months, and I would expect it will continue to increase.

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

Steve, this is Rob. On your question on interest expense. For non-GAAP and GAAP, it's the same number.
It's $620 million in the third quarter. We're no longer specifying any interest expense because we've now
closed the transaction. So that negative carry on the bonds no longer applicable for the specified. So $620
million is the number for both non-GAAP and GAAP.

On the U.S. Humira question, so we did not change our guidance. It continues to be 8% -- for the U.S.
Humira, 8% growth with a low single-digit price contribution.

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

So this is Mike. I'll take your last question on clinical trial activity. The first thing that I would say is the
increase in clinical trial activity reflects what's going on in our pipeline, and there's a lot of activity in our
pipeline and a large number of molecules that we're advancing. And so that's a big part of it.

Another part is that we made the conscious decision to leave decisions around enrollment in the hands of
investigators rather than making them centrally because they understand the situation in their hospital
and their community better than we do. And there was a small group of studies that we paused at the
time of the initial COVID impact. But the majority, we allowed to continue. That doesn't mean there
weren't disruptions from COVID, but it does mean that investigators decided when it was time to pause
enrollment and when it was time to resume enrollment. And I think the evidence shows that they made
those decisions better than they could have been made centrally. And that has allowed us to advance our
portfolio, to advance our clinical trials with minimal disruption and with safe conduct for patients and the
staff at the site, which are also critically important considerations. And so I'd say it's a combination of
those factors.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Operator

And our next question is from Navin Jacob from UBS.

Sriker Mohan Nadipuram
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

This is Sriker Nadipuram on for Navin Jacob. We just had a few questions. First, regarding the Humira
cliffs in the U.S. Within the markets in which a biosimilar is out there, what percent of the molecule is now
brand versus biosimilars? With now almost 2 years of biosimilar experience, how does that affect things?

And next for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, can you achieve the type of uptake that you have been seeing in the
U.S. in the international markets? We'd appreciate any commentary around in-play market share achieved
in markets you've been approved in.

And lastly, if we could talk about Vraylar MDD timing.

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. This is Rob. Just to clarify. The first question was on international Humira, how much of that is now
a biosimilar?

Sriker Mohan Nadipuram
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Right. Within the market where there's a biosimilar, how much is brand versus biosimilar to help us
visualize that question.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

I think he wants what's the molecule...

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We're at about 60% molecule share across the board. So that's -- of all the international markets, on
average, it's about 60% molecule share.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

On SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, I don't have the numbers right in front of me on each of the markets. I would
say, typically, in the international markets, it is a slightly slower uptake than it is in the U.S. but still doing
very well. So maybe the best thing would be to get back to you with some more specifics around that.
But I think you can assume that the in-play share there probably averages between 20% and 30%, but it
depends, obviously, on the country that you're talking about.

And then on Vraylar MDD timing, Mike?

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

Yes. So on Vraylar MDD, we'd expect to have the studies read out in the second half of next year and be
prepared for regulatory submissions shortly thereafter. So if positive, we would have an approval in '22.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

And I think that's an important point to make here. If we look at Vraylar, Vraylar is growing very rapidly.
And as you know, the atypical, antipsychotic market is very, very large. I think Vraylar's share is
something like 3%, and it's tracking at $1.4 billion at 3%.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

So if we look at the current indications, as we indicated in the comments of bipolar and schizophrenia, we
think we can drive Vraylar alone in those indications to a multibillion-dollar product. And that's just driving
that market share penetration up 5% or so, and I think that's very doable based on the profile of Vraylar.
Vraylar has a very unique profile in that market.

So MDD, if we're successful, obviously we'll open up a whole another channel and allow you to increase
that market share even more significantly. And so typically, many of the drugs that achieve MDD were
drugs that had $5 billion, $6 billion of annual revenues. So this is a nice opportunity. Without MDD, Vraylar
is still going to be a very important product and a very significant product. With MDD, it becomes a major
product, and so we'll see how those next 2 studies play out. The first study was positive, and I think we're
hopeful that we'll be able to get it.

Operator

Our next question is from Randall Stanicky from RBC Capital Markets.

Randall S. Stanicky
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Rick, early in the pandemic, you're one of the few to identify or build an impact for potential headwinds
from higher unemployment associated with loss of health coverage. What are you currently seeing right
now? And anything on the patient assistance program numbers that help you inform on that?

And then secondly, I just wanted to ask on BOTOX migraine. This has been, historically, a roughly $600
million high-margin product for Allergan. And we've been watching CGRP impact. They've now been in the
market a couple of years. Do you see this as a growth product or opportunity for you? And what are you
seeing overall with respect to BOTOX in migraine?

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

So on the unemployment, we did identify back, I guess it was in the first quarter call, that we were going
to build in a level of risk associated with patients who would have to move to some type of an assistance
program because they lost their jobs. We have not seen that impact play out to any significant level. We
have not seen it in our patient assistance program. And right around the pandemic, we made a decision to
proactively go out and advertise our patient assistance program just to make sure if patients knew that if
they couldn't afford their AbbVie drugs that they could get them from us. So I think we proactively tried
to drive it in an effort to make sure that patients were not exposed, but we haven't seen very much at
all. We still have some coverage left in the fourth quarter for it. But I'd say, at this point, I think we're
questioning whether or not we are going to see it.

Now I can't tell you exactly why, but I can tell you we're monitoring it carefully, and it's definitely not
happening, at least in our business, because we would see it in the patient assistance program.

On BOTOX migraine, if you actually look at what has happened with patients on BOTOX migraine,
when the injectable CGRPs came into the market, you did see a tick-down in patients, but then BOTOX
recovered. And it has roughly the same number of patients that it had back then. It's slightly lower than it
had back then. So what the CGRPs ended up doing was expanding the market to some extent, and we're
seeing a very similar phenomenon on the acute therapies as well.

If you look at the scripts, the NBRxs for the acute CGRPs, you can see that it's actually almost doubling
every quarter, the number of patients. In the last quarter, it was about 90,000 to 100,000 NBRxs. So I
think these assets can significantly expand the market. I think 2/3 of our patients are patients that have
switched on the acute, have switched from triptans to our agent. And 1/3 of them are naïve patients
that we're bringing into the category. And again, that's all about making it visible to patients who have
this condition so that they go to their physician and ask for the therapy. It's all about building markets,
essentially.

And so I think one of the things these assets will do is they will expand the market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Now I think as you expand the market, obviously BOTOX Therapeutic, some of those patients will
ultimately, if they don't get the kind of relief that they're looking for on an injectable CGRP or the acute
therapy, they would eventually probably try injectable BOTOX. So we could see a little bit of growth there.
But the biggest part of the growth that we're going to see in this market is from UBRELVY and ultimately
atogepant. It's a big market, and I think these agents will allow us to be able to significantly expand the
market. And I think this is clearly a multibillion-dollar market.

Operator

Our next question is from David Risinger from Morgan Stanley.

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I want to start with a high-level question, Rick. Could you please discuss long-term immunology net
pricing and formulary positioning prospects in the face of increasing competition in coming years?

And then second, just had a high-level question about cash flow. I was hoping that you could discuss
prospects for operating cash flow, CapEx and free cash flow.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, David. I'll take the first one. Rob will answer the second one for you. So if I look at long-
term immunology, what's critically important is that you have the kinds of assets that allow that managed
care organization or PBM to be able to cover the greatest number of patients. This is a category where
not every drug works on every patient, so you have to have multiple options that are available on the
formulary. And that's just -- that is the appropriate thing to do to make sure that patients have the drugs
that they need to be able to be treated.

I would say we typically do very well with formulary access that's driven primarily by the fact that our
assets tend to be very attractive assets from the clinical profile. They establish significant market share
positions, and that's important for the managed care organization or the PBM. So I don't see anything
significantly impacting that going forward. I would assume we will maintain very high levels of formulary
access.

Net pricing, there's always some level of impact on pricing when you renegotiate the contracts. I don't
anticipate that you will see a significant change going forward. So I think it's the -- more of the normal
kinds of competitive activities that we see in the marketplace.

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

And David, this is Rob. I'll answer your question on cash flow. So if you look at AbbVie and Allergan in
2019, on a combined basis, generated about $19 billion, almost $20 billion of operating cash flow. CapEx
runs close to $1 billion. And so if you look at this year, again, we have a partial year of Allergan. We're
probably trending towards a $16 billion operating cash flow number with a little bit less than $1 billion
of CapEx. So you need to annualize that and then also consider the fact that we're going to generate
earnings growth going forward, but that should give you a good number to work with.

Operator

Our next question is from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was just wondering, first, maybe on the IBD front, I know you have a number of readouts coming up for
RINVOQ and SKYRIZI here. Maybe you could just outline what current usage of targeted drugs in IBD is
on a percentage basis and how that compares to rheumatology and dermatology? And what you see as a
potential here to boost that uptake in IBD further?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

And then for your TNF steroid conjugate program, what were the criteria that were key that led to your
choice of 154 as a go-forward asset?

And then lastly, on the Allergan integration. I know you said everything is on track there. It's going really
well. You talked about some revenue synergy opportunity, Rick. And I know you've laid out your expense
synergy target of $2 billion in 2022. Maybe you could just talk about some of the puts and takes for 2021
as we think about the Allergan synergies on both sides.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Great. On IBD usage, if you look at the penetration, I'd say IBD is an area where you have
reasonable levels of biologic penetration because the disease, particularly Crohn's, the disease is pretty
severe. I think the challenge in IBD is that with the current therapies that are available, you still get
suboptimal clinical efficacy for these patients and durability of that efficacy.

And so -- and what physicians tend to do is they rotate patients through various treatments to try to
maintain them in control for a longer period of time, so it is a market that is ripe for higher efficacy agents
and a market that is ripe for more agents to be available to allow for better treatment of those patients.
And that's the key driver in that segment of what gets significant uptake.

So when we see the data around IBD, that will be important for us. Obviously, the early data looks
good. And ultimately, I think these assets, along with Humira, will be able to provide the market with a
significant new alternative. And I think that uptake will be good based on that.

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

So this is Mike. I'll take the question about 154. So 3373 and 154 represents our TNF steroid conjugate
molecules that are in the clinic. They're very similar, similar to the extent that we view the biology as
being translatable between the 2. But 154 include some improvements in linker technology that relate to
manufacturability and ability to formulate at high concentration, ease of formulation. And so those can be
very important advantages for a successful molecule.

We previously top lined the positive results from 3373. We wanted to see that 154 gave us the PK
performance and the exposure to achieve the pharmacodynamic coverage we think we need in the next
stage of development. And as I said, we view the biology as translatable between the 2.

So once we saw that PK performance, and it matched our expectations and showed that 154 would give us
the coverage that we are seeking at acceptable doses in the clinic, we made the decision to advance that
molecule into larger-scale trials.

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

Terence, this is Rob. I'll take your question on synergies. So while we're not providing guidance for 2021
today, I think a good way to think about the expense synergies is to run rate the $600 million partial-year
synergies, which gets to about $1 billion.

And then as you think about that ramp to greater than $2 billion by 2022, I think it's reasonable to
straight-line that. So if you think about what's going to drive the ramp, things like systems integration,
leveraging procurement spend will result in more synergies over time as well as network optimization. In
the near term, it's really driven more from immediate redundancies like corporate infrastructure and R&D
portfolio optimization.

As it relates to revenue synergies, look, as we've now had a few months with the combined company,
we see opportunities as we think about investment in aesthetics, where we've really amped up our DTC
investment for JUVÉDERM and BOTOX Cosmetic, the ability to invest more in aesthetics, similarly invest
more in neuroscience, whether that's Vraylar, BOTOX Therapeutic. And then when we look internationally,
given the infrastructure we have, the integrated brand team approach, we think there's opportunity

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

to really leverage our market access capability, our international affiliate structure to really drive that
international growth for the company going forward for those Allergan brands as well.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Terence, the only thing I would add, maybe to give you some perspective on the investment side.
Allergan tended to what I would describe as pulse invest in, particularly DTC but even in social media. So
they didn't -- and typically, what we do with brands when we want to drive maximum speed of market
penetration is we invest at a steady state and continue to do that for an extended period of time.

So they might have invested heavily in 1 quarter and then gone dark in the next quarter and then
invested again and gone dark again. We don't use that kind of a strategy. We tend to invest for the full
year. And in our experience, what that does is it gives you -- the fact that you have constant coverage
gives you maximum speed of penetration. So we clearly think that's going to be an advantage, particularly
in areas like aesthetics and neuroscience.

Operator

Our next question is from Greg Gilbert from Truist.

Gregory B. Gilbert
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Rick, it sounds like you think the neuroscience franchise might be one of the sleepers of the Allergan deal,
and you've already framed the potential for Vraylar, particularly if depression hits. But I was curious if
business development in neuroscience has taken on sort of a new sense of urgency given the heft that you
have now in that franchise or whether you think you have enough going on there already.

And then for Mike, I was hoping you could let us know when we'll see Phase III data for 951 in Parkinson's
and give us a sneak preview of what you're looking for there, profile-wise.

And lastly, can you frame for BOTOX Therapeutic, Mike, what you've decided to pursue in terms of
indications versus ones that you've taken off the table now that you've had some time to work with that.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

I'd say on neuroscience, the way to think about it is -- or at least is the way we are thinking about it is
there's a significant opportunity to drive Vraylar to be a very large product, I mean, doubling or more
depending upon the ability to get MDD.

And I'd also say, in migraine, when we get the full portfolio of migraine assets, the migraine market is a
big market. If you look at the acute market today, it's probably about $1.5 billion. We believe it can grow
to $4 billion or $5 billion by 2025 with the right kinds of assets and the right kind of promotion. And then
if you look at the preventative market, it's about $3 billion, and we believe that one can grow high single
to low double digits with the right kinds of assets and the right kinds of promotion.

So the first phase of the neuroscience is nothing more than taking the assets we have now, getting
atogepant to the marketplace, and then we have a full portfolio of migraine products and then maximizing
the market share position of those assets in the market. That's sort of Phase 1.

But I would say now that we have infrastructure in place. Mike's BD team has been now starting to look at
assets that would be complementary to that. And we did it in the past because, for a single antipsychotic,
we wouldn't have wanted to build out the infrastructure. It just wouldn't have made sense for us. But
now we can basically add those kinds of assets to the infrastructure we have. So it does give us another
opportunity from a BD standpoint to be able to build the business longer term.

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

So I'll take the second question. And I agree with everything Rick said. The only thing I'd add on BD and
neuroscience is neuropsychiatry is now clearly an area of strength for us and can be an area of interest,
and that can go beyond the antipsychotics as well. There's tremendous potential and unmet need in areas
like generalized anxiety disorder, still in depression. Despite there are many agents on the market, many,
many patients remain inadequately treated. So we would look broadly across that space.

With respect to 951 and data timing, we'd expect to see results from our Phase III study in the second
half of next year. And what we're looking for is really a DUOPA-like efficacy because DUOPA is a
transformational product, but it's also a product that is challenging to administer. And the nature of that
product, the fact that it requires the placement of a gastric tube that's been threaded into the small bowel
and has to be maintained limits the size of what's effectively the addressable market, not the market by
the labeled indication, but the proportion of patients within that population that would consider a therapy
like that.

And 951 has the potential to substantially expand that. It has an insulin pump-like device, subcutaneous
delivery device. We think it will broaden the number of patients within that labeled population who
would consider such a therapy. And this is really a very substantial market. So for example, if you look
at DUOPA, despite all of its challenges, it does about $0.5 billion in sales. If you look across similar
therapies for advanced Parkinson's disease, the market is probably $1.5 billion or more, and that probably
represents only a small part of the potential because much of it remains untapped. So we think that 951
can address that, and we think the profile that it will take to address that is DUOPA-like efficacy with a
more patient-friendly subcutaneous delivery device.

With respect to BOTOX indications, there are a number of indications, both for Botox and for other toxins,
for novel toxins that we're considering in the therapeutic space. I think there's more work that we can do
in the migraine space, although that has been an area of strength. Episodic migraine has patients that
may benefit from a therapy like BOTOX, and there's still much more to do on the neurology side with
respect to spasticity, disorders that might be secondary to stroke or other conditions where there is still
room to expand those indications.

When we look more broadly, there are a number of potential, interesting indications for neurotoxins.
They might not be BOTOX. They may be novel toxins. Those could be things like prevention of AFib, for
example, and we're continuing to explore indications beyond that.

Operator

And our next question is from Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research.

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

A high-level question for Rick. Despite Allergan being a very reasonable solution to upcoming U.S. Humira
LOE in 2023, the multiple in AbbVie is lower than it's ever been. The entire drug group is out of favor, but
your multiple is about half of the peer group average. Can you what that multiple says is that investors
remain worried about what AbbVie looks like past 2023.

So 2 questions related to this. The first is why not give updated, granular, extended guidance that goes
beyond 2023? You've given long-term guidance in the past sometimes, and that's resonated well with the
market. So can we expect you might do this at some point soon?

And second question, why not go do more M&A in the near term? We just saw Bristol do a $13 billion
deal, not far after closing Celgene. And layering more product into your pipeline would help give investors
assurances that there's life beyond 2023. And by virtue of how you answered an earlier question, you,
yourself, basically said there's not much new NME flow until 2025 and beyond.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Yes. I think if you look at -- Tim, this is Rick. If you look at the PE and of the whole sector, obviously the
sector is under pressure from the political environment, the concerns about the political environment. And
you are correct. We're at the lower end of that PE, and I think that is driven by uncertainty about what the
growth rate will be on the other side of the LOE.

What I would tell you is, obviously, we have a 10-year LRP, so we know what we think that growth rate is
on the other side of the LOE. And I can tell you that when I look at that growth rate, it's robust.

Now the market has to come around to that point of view. I'd say we haven't always been right. But
in total revenue, we've always been right. In fact, we've always beat, for the most part, what our
expectations were. And so we obviously challenge it pretty hard, and we have knowledge of what we
believe the erosion curve will look like. We have knowledge of what we think our pipeline will deliver and
what the additional indications will deliver.

And look, I remember there was a tremendous amount of skepticism about when we gave -- it was
either $10 billion or $11 billion of risk-adjusted revenues for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI back a year or 2 ago,
something like that. There was a tremendous amount of skepticism that's impossible. I don't hear very
much of that now that these 2 assets are $2 billion and growing like rockets. So I'd say our ability to
assess what we can do with our assets is pretty high.

Now that doesn't mean you shouldn't go out and get more things, and we constantly look. And where we
find opportunities, we will clearly go pursue those. They have to be opportunities that make sense and fit
into our portfolio. You've seen us do transactions to continue to build the long-term future of our hem/onc
business with Genmab and I-Mab. And those 2 assets, combined with what VENCLEXTA and IMBRUVICA
can continue to do, are going to give us a very robust long-term performance in that franchise.

I think in immunology, we're in pretty good shape between our internal pipeline, both the additional
indications on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, and then what we have earlier on that we think will play out in a
positive way. When we look at neuroscience, we just talked about that. We have the ability to be able to
grow that. Certainly, we're going to invest heavily in aesthetics. We have a tremendous amount of assets,
new toxins that we're working on, and we're going to accelerate many of those new fillers and other times
of opportunities that will build that aesthetics business to be able to grow rapidly. And so I feel pretty good
about where we are. In fact, I'd tell you, I feel very good about where we are 6 months into the Allergan
transaction.

Certainly, Allergan has given us more growth, as we mentioned a moment ago, when we look at
neuroscience. Neuroscience has clearly been, I think, a nice, positive upside for us and one that I think we
can execute very well.

As far as guidance is concerned, I'm not saying we will never give guidance, but we want to give guidance
when we're able to do it with a high degree of certainty because the last thing you want to do is provide a
level of guidance that you don't have a high degree of certainty, and you know it's going to -- it has some
variability to it. You probably remember, we did that on the international biosimilars. And we were off by
not that much, but we were off by some, and the market didn't like the fact that we were off. So you need
to be awfully careful about how you provide that guidance in a way to make sure that you meet or exceed
the guidance. And at the point which we have that level of confidence, we may go out with longer-term
guidance.

Elizabeth Shea
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Tim. Operator, we have time for one final question.

Operator

And our final question today is from Josh Schimmer from Evercore.

Joshua Elliott Schimmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Just a couple of quick ones. Can you provide any color on the SKYRIZI royalty out? And can you
comment on what you see as the incremental markets for the lower face toxins, the new dermal filler and
presbyopia, if you view any of those as material?

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

Josh. So on the SKYRIZI royalty, keep in mind that we account for this as a business combination, so it
comes through contingent consideration, so you don't see it in our non-GAAP P&L. We don't disclose our
royalty rates, but a good way to think about it is a reasonable royalty you pay for a late-stage asset is
probably a good way to think about what the royalty burden would be -- the cash royalty burden will be on
SKRYIZI.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

So I'd say the lower face toxins and the lower face fillers that we're working on, probably the best way,
rather than trying to characterize individual indications or toxins or fillers, is we're trying to build a
portfolio and a market-activation strategy that will allow us to grow the aesthetics business at a consistent
double-digit rate. And it is both that internal pipeline and activating more patients and some BD effort that
will give us that. So certainly, those lower face toxins and fillers are designed to be able to support that
growth going forward.

The eye care product, I would call that product sort of a modest product. I don't remember the specifics.
Do you, Rob? But I'd call it sort of a modest-sized product.

Elizabeth Shea
Vice President of Investor Relations

That concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website
at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.

Operator
Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

ABBVIE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

