Accenture plc NYSE:ACN
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, March 19, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.73

1.91

Revenue  (mm)

11095.18

11141.50

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-19-2020 11:51 AM GMT

10.40

0.42

2.09

7.84

8.55

11724.55

45938.58

49034.40

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.89

1.71

1.99

1.73

1.93

1.74

2.09

1.91

2.12 %

1.75 %

5.03 %

10.40 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of
Investor Relations

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2020
Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]
Now I'd like turn the conference over to your host, Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2020
earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of
Investor Relations.

On today's call, you'll hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief
Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time
ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call.

Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including
the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter.
Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for
the third quarter and full fiscal year 2020. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-
up at the end of the call.

Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking, and
as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those
factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expressed in this call.

During our call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful
information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to
GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always,
Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call.

Now let me turn the call over to Julie.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we are very pleased to announce our
outstanding financial results for the second quarter and first half of fiscal '20. I want to start by thanking
our leadership team and all of our people for their dedication to our clients and to delivering on our
commitments. And it is because of our leaders and people that I have absolute confidence in our ability
to adapt and successfully navigate the unprecedented global health crisis the world is now facing. I am
incredibly proud of how our leadership team and people have rallied in the face of this crisis and worked
24/7 to ensure the safety and well-being of each other, and to continue to serve our clients at this time of
great need.

KC and I know that you are keenly interested in understanding how the coronavirus is impacting
Accenture and our people. First, we're going to cover our starting point. KC will take you through Q2
results and I'll give you color on the strength of our business and our growth strategy as we exited
H1. Then I will specifically address the current environment in light of the coronavirus and how we are
managing the impacts. Finally, KC will give you our updated business outlook.

KC, over to you to go through our strong Q2 results.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. Let me start by
saying that we were very pleased with our overall financial results in the second quarter, which were
aligned with our expectations and completed a very strong first half of the year. Both our Q2 and H1
results demonstrate the power of our highly differentiated growth strategy. A key intent of our growth
strategy is to create durability in our revenue range at a level that is consistently above the market, taking
share and strengthening our position as a leader.

Against this objective, we have created a unique footprint that includes scale and leadership in the world's
largest and most critical geographic markets and industries. This footprint, along with our highly relevant
offering from strategy and consulting to operations is key to being a market leader in helping our clients,
the world's leading companies rotate to the new.

Now let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights for the quarter. Revenue growth of 8% in
local currency was at the top end of our guided range for the quarter and reflected growth in 12 of
our 13 industry groups with 5 growing double-digit. Revenue continued to be driven by strong double-
digit growth in digital, cloud and security-related services and broad-based growth across our business
dimensions. We continued to extend our leadership position with growth we estimated to be more than 2x
the market.

Operating margin was 13.4%, an increase of 10 basis points for the quarter and 20 basis points year-to-
date, reflecting strong underlying profitability as we continue to invest in our business and in our people to
position us for long-term market leadership. We delivered very strong EPS of $1.91 which represents 10%
growth compared to last year and includes a 1% FX headwind.

And finally, we generated significant free cash flow of $1.4 billion in the quarter and $2.1 billion year-
to-date. We continue to execute on our strategic capital allocation objectives, with roughly $2.7
billion returned to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases year-to-date. And we have made
investments of $584 million in acquisitions primarily attributed to 17 transactions in the first half of the
year. And we continue to expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year.

With that, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were a record at
$14.2 billion for the quarter and surpassed our previous all-time high by $1.3 billion. We had very strong
overall book-to-bill of 1.3 in the quarter and 1.1 year-to-date. Consulting bookings were $7.2 billion,
a record high, with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Outsourcing bookings were also a record at $7 billion with a
book-to-bill of 1.4. We were very pleased with our new bookings which represent 22% growth in local
currency and reflect our unique position in the market and continued strong demand for our services.
Bookings continue to be dominated by high demand for digital, cloud and security-related services which
we estimate represented more than 65% of our new bookings in the quarter.

Turning now to revenues, revenues for the quarter were $11.1 billion, a 7% increase in U.S. dollars and
8% in local currency. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $6.2 billion, up 7% in U.S. dollars and 8%
in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $5 billion, up 6% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency.

Looking at the trends in estimated revenue growth across our dimensions, strategy and consulting
services posted strong, high single-digit growth. Technology services grew mid-single digits and operations
continued its trend of double-digit growth.

Taking a closer look at our operating groups. H&PS led all operating groups with 15% growth in local
currency, driven by double-digit growth in both health and public service. Double-digit growth in North
America was driven by our U.S. federal business, and we also had double-digit growth in the Growth
Markets.

Products grew 10% reflecting continued strength in our largest operating group, with double-digit growth
in life sciences, consumer goods and services as well as retail. We are very pleased with the double-digit
growth in both North America and Growth Markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Communications Media & Technology delivered 5% growth, reflecting continued double-digit growth in
software and platforms. We had strong growth overall in the Growth Markets and solid growth in both
North America and Europe.

Resources grew 5% in the quarter, driven by double-digit growth in energy, with double-digit growth
in chemicals in Europe and in the Growth Markets. Overall, we saw double-digit growth in the Growth
Markets and strong growth in Europe.

Finally, Financial Services grew 3% this quarter, with solid growth in insurance. We continue to see modest
growth in Banking & Capital Markets globally, with strong growth in North America and in the Growth
Markets and continued declines in Banking & Capital Markets in Europe. Overall, in Financial Services, we
continue to see double-digit growth in the Growth Markets and strong growth in North America, partially
offset by contraction in Europe.

Turning to the geographic dimensions of our business. In North America, we delivered 11% revenue
growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in the United States. In Europe, revenues grew 2%
in local currency, with double-digit growth in Germany, Italy and Ireland, offset by a decline in the U.K.,
and we delivered another very strong quarter in Growth Markets, with 11% growth in local currency led by
Japan which again had very strong double-digit growth as well as double-digit growth in Brazil.

Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 30.2% compared with 29.2% for
the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.4% compared with 9.8%
for the second quarter of last year. General and administrative expense was 6.4% compared to 6.2% for
the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.5 billion in the second quarter, reflecting a 13.4%
operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with Q2 last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter
was 17.1%, consistent with the effective tax rate for the second quarter last year.

Diluted earnings per share were $1.91, an increase of 10% from EPS of $1.73 in the second quarter last
year. Days service outstanding were 39 days compared to 43 days last quarter and 40 days in the second
quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.4 billion, resulting from cash generated by
operating activities of $1.5 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $165 million. Our cash
balance at February 29 was $5.4 billion compared with $6.1 billion at August 31.

With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the second quarter, we
repurchased or redeemed 4.7 million shares for $970 million at an average price of $206.73 per share.
As of February 29, we had approximately 2.8 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in
February, we paid our second quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share for a total of $511 million. This
represented a 10% increase of the equivalent quarterly rate last year. And our Board of Directors declared
our third quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share to be paid on May 15, also a 10% increase of the
equivalent quarterly rate last year.

So at the halfway point of fiscal '20, we have delivered very strong results. Even in the current
environment, we remain extremely focused on achieving our long-standing financial objectives, growing
faster than market and taking share, generating modest margin expansion, while at the same time
investing at scale for long-term market leadership, generating strong free cash flow and returning cash to
shareholders.

Now let me turn it back to Julie.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Thank you, KC.

So as we reflect on where we are for the first half, we delivered record bookings of $24.5 billion, revenue
growth of 8% in local currency, 20 basis points of operating margin expansion and 8% increase in
earnings per share and $2.7 billion in cash returned to our shareholders which means we exited H1
in a clear position of strength, delivering outstanding results, taking market share and continuing to
successfully execute our growth strategy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

In H1, we continued to see how our unique business model, which spans services from strategy and
consulting to operations, resonates with our clients who seek speed to value. And our unparalleled digital
and technology capabilities, ecosystem partnerships, deep industry and functional expertise and incredibly
talented people are making the difference.

Let me give you color on the demand we saw from our clients in Q2 and H1 overall. This quarter, we had
18 clients with new bookings over $100 million and operations hit a milestone of 25 consecutive quarters
of double-digit growth.

Let me double-click on operations. First of all, congratulations to the entire operations team on this
remarkable achievement. In operations, where we continue to lead the market at nearly twice the size
of our largest competitor, we have unparalleled capabilities to create value for our clients by delivering
tangible business outcomes at speed by leveraging our SynOps operating engine. This engine uses a truly
unique approach combining data, applied intelligence and emerging technologies with human expertise
to reinvent business processes and enable intelligent operations. It allows our clients to reduce costs and
achieve technology-enabled enterprise transformation faster by using our engine rather than investing to
build their own.

Our operations capabilities span the enterprise from finance, HR, marketing, procurement, supply chain
and digital manufacturing to industry-specific offerings, such as banking and insurance operations, health
claims operations and trust and safety, which is doing the vital work of helping to keep the Internet safe.
And the power of our operation services also comes from our unique business model, which allows us to
bring multidisciplinary teams to create new value for our clients.

For example, Accenture was recently named agency of record for Kimberly-Clark's Baby & Child Care
segment, a huge win for Accenture Interactive and our Droga5 creative team. Combining creative talent
with our unparalleled operations capabilities was key to our success, enabling us to deliver customized,
local, market-driven experiences powered by data and technology. And we are so proud that Droga5 was
just recently named by Fast Company as one of the world's most innovative companies.

Our industry expertise across our 13 diverse industry groups also continues to be a core competitive
advantage, allowing us to bring deep industry and cross-industry knowledge coupled with our technology,
including our ecosystem relationships and applied intelligence capabilities to help our clients tap into
new opportunities for growth. For example, for KDDI, the Japanese telecom operator, we are leveraging
our data and analytics capabilities, the AWS platform and knowledge of the industry to grow their core
business by improving customer retention and expanding services for existing customers. At the same
time, with our broad industry expertise, we are uniquely positioned to partner with KDDI to help transform
their business by expanding beyond telecom into the banking, insurance, electricity and automotive
sectors.

Finally, as always, let me highlight how our continuous innovation approach is driving our business. Last
year, we launched Living Systems, a new approach to IT and business transformation. Living Systems is
an innovation multiplier that creates value for our clients through a series of transformations, including
organizational, technological and talent in an agile way while efficiently managing applications and
infrastructure for our clients. It fundamentally shifts IT to be measured by business outcomes rather
than traditional metrics. This offering continues to gain momentum in the marketplace across multiple
industries. For example, we are partnering with Corteva, the major global agriscience company to enhance
its performance through our Living Systems approach.

We leveraged Accenture's myWizard platform and analytics to enable Corteva's innovative product-driven
IT organization while activating savings that funded essential projects during its first year as a public
company.

Innovation is core to our growth strategy and is in the DNA of Accenture. We just released our Accenture
Technology Vision for 2020, marking the 20th anniversary of this annual thought leadership piece on the
most important technology trends for the next few years. This is where we first predicted in 2013 that
every business would be a digital business. And today, digital is everywhere. It is the core of our business
and our client's business. This year's research explores how enterprises need to think differently and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

reimagine their fundamental business and technology approaches in a responsible, human-centered way in
order to deliver on the full promise and value of digital.

Finally, we are incredibly proud that Ethisphere recently recognized us as one of the world's most ethical
companies for the 13th consecutive year. And Fortune included Accenture on their list of Best Companies
to Work For in the U.S. for the 12th consecutive year ranking as #41, up significantly from #61 last year.

Let me now turn to the coronavirus. We currently have 2 priorities: the safety and well-being of our people
and continuing to serve our clients at this time of critical need. In addition to our exceptional leaders and
people and strong financial hand, we are well positioned to address the impacts of the growing global
health crisis due to 5 key factors. First, our Global Management Committee already operates our business
as a virtual team. We do not have a headquarters. Our top leaders are spread across the globe, and
Accenture has operated this way as a management team for over 3 decades. And so mobilizing to address
this situation has been seamless.

Second, we have a standing Crisis Management Committee which is led by our Chief Operating Officer,
Jo Deblaere, one of our most experienced leaders. As designed, we were able to quickly activate our
protocols and a team of our most senior leaders, who, under the leadership of Jo and with support from
across Accenture has done what can only be called a truly remarkable job. We have had these protocols in
place, which we have tested and retested for years through real and simulated crises and they are focused
on our people, business continuity, facilities management and financial impact, among other things.

While we have not planned for a global pandemic, the ability to trigger these protocols and then adapt for
this unprecedented situation is allowing us to move rapidly. For example, we have restricted travel and
asked people to work remotely from home where possible. As of today, globally, we have already enabled
a very significant percentage of our people to work from home, including 60% -- approximately 60% of
our people in our centers in India and the Philippines.

And to give you a bit more color on how our crisis management team is operating, some of our work
cannot be done from home given the nature of the work and some employees do not have the ability to
work from home. In these cases, we have reduced the density of the people in our offices and centers
and instituted extra hygiene procedures and social-distancing protocols. We are working closely with our
clients every step of the way as they also adapt to remote working environment and to date have not
experienced any material service interruptions.

Third, we are deeply experienced in working virtually and already have deployed at scale in the normal
course in our business, collaboration technologies and infrastructure for remote working. For example,
we're the largest user of Teams by Microsoft in the world. And in the last few weeks, as we rapidly ramped
more people working remotely from home, Team's audio usage has almost doubled from our typical
16 million minutes per day to almost 30 million minutes per day. We are using our deep experience of
working together virtually across Accenture and with our clients to help adapt how we work together from
home.

Fourth, our strong corporate functions and investments we have made to digitize Accenture have always
been key to our attracting and retaining talent and operating Accenture with rigor and discipline. Our top-
notch professionals in finance, HR, operations, geographic services, marketing and communications and
CIO enabled by these significant investments in our own digitization are making the critical difference in
how we are responding with agility to the crisis, and we are deeply grateful for their dedication and hard
work.

Finally, as our record bookings in Q2 demonstrate, our services are highly relevant to our clients. Our
rotation to "the New" over the last several years, now at over 60% of our business, our deep client
relationships with the world's leading companies and our unique business model will enable us to help our
clients succeed in this uncertain period and continue to position us strongly in the long term.

With that, I'll turn it over to KC to provide our updated business outlook. KC?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Thanks, Julie. Before I get into our business outlook, I would like to provide some context.

The coronavirus crisis is rapidly evolving and has created a significant amount of uncertainty. Our third
quarter and full year guidance reflects our assumptions as of today based on the best information we have
regarding the potential effect of the coronavirus on our business. There are a number of factors that we
may not be able to accurately predict, including the duration and magnitude of the impact as well as those
factors described in the quarterly filing we made earlier today.

I would also like to point out that our guidance assumes a higher degree of impact to our financial
results in Q3, with some improvement in the business environment in the fourth quarter, either due to an
improved situation or our clients having adjusted to operating in a new environment.

With that said, let me now turn to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal '20, we expect
revenues to be in the range of $10.75 billion to $11.15 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be
about negative 1.5% compared to the third quarter of fiscal '19 and reflects an estimated negative 2% to
positive 2% growth in local currency.

For the full fiscal year '20, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now
expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 1.5% compared to
fiscal '19.

For the full fiscal '20, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 3% to 6% growth in local currency
over fiscal '19. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year '20 to be 14.7% to 14.8%, a 10 to 20
basis point expansion over fiscal '19 results.

We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 25.5%. This compares
to an effective tax rate of 22.5% at fiscal '19.

For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '20 to be in the range of $7.48
to $7.70 or 2% to 5% growth of our fiscal '19 results. For the full fiscal '20, we now expect operating
cash flow to be in the range of $6.15 billion to $6.65 billion; property and equipment additions to be
approximately $650 million; and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.5 billion to $6 billion. Our free
cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2.

Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases, and
as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders.

With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations

Thanks, KC.
[Operator Instructions] Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Hope everyone's safe and healthy. I wanted to ask on the -- may I ask on your commitment to protect
earnings if a recession is longer than expected. I'm curious what levers you have that might be different
than the credit crisis in '08, '09 to protect margins if demand comes in weaker than expected?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, thanks, Tien-Tsin, and thanks for taking time to call in today. So when we talk about margin
expansion in earnings, we've all -- you've heard me talk about in the context of a few levers. So let me
talk about that as it relates to how we're running our business now and how we think about that as we go
forward in this environment.

So I'll start with pricing. You've always heard me talk about how earnings expansion really starts with
pricing. So if we look at where we were pre-crisis in the first half of the year, our pricing in Q2 was
relatively stable. So in this environment, we're fortunate to have our client executives who have long-
standing relationship with our clients and they know how to help our clients navigate this uncertainty, but
they also know how to ensure that we're making the arrangements for both them and for us. So we still
have a focus on pricing.

The second thing that we've talked about in terms of margin expansion is how we're going to continually
invest, and Tien-Tsin, that continues to be what I consider, and we consider a competitive advantage for
us. So even -- we'll be able to continue to expand margins while we invest in our business. And you've
heard me say today that we continue to expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions this year. We've
already committed $1.1 billion through -- to date. So we have the ability to invest another $500 million in
acquisitions should these opportunities arise.

So we're going to continue to invest. And we're also going to continue to invest in our people. We're going
to make sure that we have the capabilities that our clients need both today and in the future, and we are
going to invest so that our people can develop the skills that they will need for today and for tomorrow.

In terms of what is a specific margin lever, Tien-Tsin, that we would have now, I'll just point to the help
that we will get from not traveling, all right. So even in a virtual organization like ours, you heard Julie talk
about the stats of how often and how much we use Teams. We still, with 500,000 people, have significant
travel costs. And we do see that decreasing as a result of the current environment. And that is something
that is unique during this time period that does help support our margin expansion.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. Now that makes sense on the travel point. Maybe just a quick follow-up, really helpful comments
around your business continuity. Just curious does your guidance reflect any sort of maybe inability to
deliver against the bookings and your signed contracts? I'm just curious if there's any sort of plans there,
anything specific that we should be aware of on the continuity side? It sounds like not, but just wanted to
make sure.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, so let me maybe take a second just to explain how we arrived at our guidance overall and Julie will
talk about a lot of the continuity -- the continuity question that you have, Tien-Tsin. So I think first of
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

all it's important to step back and take a look at our trajectory for our year prior to the coronavirus. As
you heard Julie and I talk, we exited H1 with very strong momentum. And we were on a path to be at
the top end of our previous annual guidance range of 6% to 8%. And in a minimum, we would have been
reconfirming all the other elements in our guidance. But obviously, things are different, and let's talk a
little bit about how we arrived at our guidance. And it really affects -- reflects how we've managed our
business today. So we took a look at our business from an industry, a geography and a type of work,
specifically the various services that we offer.

And then we analyzed the potential impacts from these unprecedented circumstances, such as working
remotely at this scale for us and for our clients; and the fact that there will be more impacts in various
industries than the others. And then based on those impacts, we reasonably estimated what we saw today
as being the impact in our business in the second half of the year. So as a result of that, we lowered the
top end of our previous guidance range from 8% to 6% as you have seen. And given the uncertainty,
Tien-Tsin, we also as you saw, broadened our 3-point range -- broadened to a 3-point range for the full
year and also a 4-point range for Q3.

There's an important thing that's on the other side of the travel discussion that we just talked about as
it relates to margin. The other context is the impact of lower travel on our revenue, and that's really
important as you look at our lower guidance range for the year. So one importance is -- the importance
of that on revenue is to understand that we will have a significant decline in our travel reimbursement
revenue. And for the full year, that could be a full percent. So really, it could be as much as 2% in the
second half of the year. So that is really reflected in the guidance range where we said -- or I said
negative 2% to positive 2%. And also it's important to understand that that is disproportionately weighted
to our consulting type of work, probably as you would expect.

And lastly, before I hand it over to Julie, I do want to just mention, probably the most important thing
is we continue to be laser-focused on our clients during this time. As Julie mentioned in her script, we're
clearly in the fabric of our clients' business now more than ever, doing mission-critical work. We're an
integral part of their operations and we're partnering with them on what they need. We know that the
fundamental drivers of our business will continue to create tremendous opportunity for us in the long
term, and we're very confident in our positioning in the market. So thanks for letting me take a little bit of
time to maybe expand a bit on guidance because I thought it was important given the environment, and I
hand it over to Julie to talk about continuity.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Sure. I mean really what I want to take you through, Tien-Tsin, and thanks for the question, because
clearly, the way we've updated guidance is we're expecting that our business is going to evolve differently
for the next 2 quarters for a whole host of reasons, right? So I think maybe what might be most helpful
is to kind of give you some color on what's really happening on the ground with our clients. And there's
really 3 sets of activities right now, right? So the first is our clients are focused, as a first priority, on the
safety of their people and adjusting to the need to have remote working, right, which for many of our
clients is very new, and we're helping many of our clients make that adjustment. So for example, we have
a client who asked us literally to go, and we partner with Microsoft to do this, to go from 0 people using
Teams; in 5 days, it will be -- their entire 61,000 workforce, right?

So in 5 days, 0 to 61,000, right? And so as we look at it, our clients are very much focused on how to
adjust to remote working, and that's easier or harder depending on the nature of the industry and the kind
of work. And at the same time, as responding to the crisis, you have our clients, for example, in the public
sector, who are having to respond, not only for their own workforces, but to what they need to do for the
public. So for example, with -- we're working with some of our public sector clients to deploy more virtual
agents that are preconfigured with COVID-19 advice to continue to free up capacity to add to the more
critical questions in our call center, right? So the first is safety of their own people and adjusting to this
new environment where they have to have remote working and make decisions about that.

The second activity is really focused on mission-critical services, right? That of course varies by company.
But if you look at the work that we're doing with our clients, we're working very closely to them on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

mission-critical services like we do the settlement of services, of trades for major banks. We do payroll
services, we support many different health care services. We're doing trust and safety services, keeping
the Internet safe, right? So there's a big focus in this first phase on mission-critical services, working
together with our clients, being able to do that, in some cases remote, in some cases, continuing to go
into the centers.

And then the third thing that's going on with our clients in parallel, of course, is the assessment of the
impact on -- of both the global health crisis and the disruption in the economy and what's been happening
with the travel restrictions, the restrictions of people needing to stay at home, in some cases, sheltering
in place. Now as you might imagine, that assessment occurs along 2 vectors. It comes at the intersection
of industry technology and geography as well as the individual circumstances of the client, right? And so
to give you some sense of the variety, right, I have a client in the utility industry that is of course dealing
with the macro environment.

But in my discussions with the CEO just this week, the first question was, "Hey, how do you feel,
Accenture, about your COVID-19 arrangements because you do a lot of work for us." And then we went
right back to our usual touch point on the ERP system that we're putting together which they consider to
be mission-critical for how they operate, right?

On the other side of the spectrum, you have a client in the industry, in automotive industry that has
been hard hit. We're executing our strategy beautifully there because we're helping them with enterprise
transformation, right, and they're making choices in this environment given what they're facing. So in that
case, for example, they said, "Look, our HR transformation's mission-critical. We may need to and are
likely to postpone the finance transformation." And they're working with us and their other partners as
they make the essential choices you would expect in this environment, right?

If you go to a consumer goods client that has less expectation of a significant impact, right? Our
conversations with them are, "Help us understand your -- how you're going to adjust. And can we move
even faster?" Because we think there's a competitive advantage in putting in place ERP system that we're
helping them do. And then of course, you have something like travel, where what is critical at this time is
very, very significantly different than many of the other industries for the obvious reasons, right?

So as you think about our guidance, we're thinking about how the impact is varying, looking at industry,
geography and understanding the work and anchored, of course, in the -- much of the work that we do for
our clients is mission-critical or critical to their agendas.

Operator

Our next question then is going to come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I hope you and the entire Accenture team are doing well in these tough times. It seems, based on -- and
thanks for the very detailed answer to the previous question from Tien-Tsin. It seems clients are beginning
to respond but still possibly quite considerably internally focused. So I'm specifically interested in a couple
of areas. For example, the first would be the creative elements of Interactive that perhaps might not work
so well with social-distancing norms. How would something like that be affected? And then secondly the
conversion of bookings into revenues. It needs knowledge transfer and things like that which might need
travel. How would that be impacting the work? Are you looking at different pace of conversion?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Sure. It's interesting because Accenture Interactive that has some of our most creative minds, they're
probably best suited, in fact, in thinking very creatively about how to stay connected. Many of those, as
you may know, as you think about how they work virtually often do work in studios. And so they work
virtually with their clients as well. At this point, we're really just focusing on how to adapt the virtual
environment and keep them -- and keep people connected. And so from an Accenture perspective, we feel

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

very confident in our workforce being able to adjust, and then of course, working with our clients to help
them do so.

With respect to knowledge transfer, that's a great question. And as you might imagine because we are so
familiar with how to do virtual, what we've done is rapidly look at, and this is one of the first things we do,
how do you do knowledge transfer remotely? Some of it is already there. And to be honest, we've had a
lot of that and oftentimes our clients have wanted to do it on site even though we said it could be done
much more efficiently.

And one of the things you should recognize is that this is really going to be helping accelerate also the
digital transformation of our clients, right? Because our clients, for example, some of whom who wouldn't
have allowed us to work from home now who are giving us permission, who don't themselves work
remotely, who aren't using collaboration technologies, are now being forced to. And the upside for them
is really the opportunity to accelerate the cultural change and the digital transformation. So a knowledge
transfer, do you ask -- or to your specific question, we have put in place new ways of doing that, but it's
based on thinking that actually in this case, we've already done.

If you think about SAP, one of the first things we did, SAP, Oracle, any of our systems, is that we've looked
at all of our methodologies. Obviously, our methodologies today do involve being on site. And so we are
converting them and then pushing that out across our workforce and helping our clients understand it.
We're rapidly doing testing of those methodologies.

And so at some point, of course, there's limitations. You do need to be able to get together for some
pieces of it. And of course, just remember, today, we have people working in offices as do our clients
for essential work. And so on balance, right, we've rapidly moved to use all of our knowledge to be able
to convert, to help our clients do that, to change our methodologies. And then as we continue forward,
depending on the duration and the magnitude, our expectation today is we will get into a rhythm that
continues to allow the essential things to happen over time.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

And then the second question is with regards to sort of the underlying assumptions for the new updated
guidance. To what extent are you, and this might be just too early, but to what extent are you able to sort
of make assumptions about some of the secondary impacts, say, for example, looking on a vertical basis,
financial services companies might be -- profitability might be affected because of rates or in resources,
there are a number of examples of profitability being affected or supply chains being affected. How are
you thinking through that?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

I mean our guidance, and KC can add anything she'd like. At this point, we're giving you the guidance we
see over the next 6 months based on the best information we have today, right? And as you said, it's early
to speculate how some of this may play out on the individual industry. So we -- and it's just -- it's quite
early.

Operator

And our next question's going to come from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

And thanks for the transparency in what you're seeing on the ground. So of course, it's imperfect, and
it's still very early, but the best reference point many investors have for understanding kind of how
Accenture's business reacts to this sort of sudden shock is looking back at the financial crisis. However,
of course, you now have Accenture Interactive, you now have Accenture Operations, big pieces of the
business that are very different. Can you just kind of give your perspective? Whether you like it or not, I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

guess, that comparison is probably being made. So how do you -- how you think about how this situation
might be different or similar to what we saw 10-plus years ago?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Sure. Well, at a macro level, of course, there's some real differences in that -- several years ago, that was
about an economic crisis. And today, because of the global health crisis, you're dealing with circumstances
that are quite different in terms of globally, clients having to move to work from home. And what that
does in terms of just the adaptation that they're making, the cessation of commerce, in retail, et cetera,
in many communities. And so what I would say is you kind of start with, this isn't just an economic crisis
which one would never have thought that they would say that as they look back at the financial crisis,
but you're really dealing with 2 things, right? So if you think even about how we expect the situation to
evolve, and then I'll come to how we're different as we enter into this.

But you'd expect -- what we're expecting is that right now, as clients are very focused in adapting
to not just the economic disruption, but as I said, in those 3 buckets of things, having to adjust how
they're working, right, that's why our guidance assumes that there'll be an improvement in the business
environment in Q4, either because the situation is better or because simply, clients and ourselves
are adjusting to working together. But I would say, as you think about today, that is a very different
circumstance as -- than the financial crisis. But as we look at it, we can't imagine a better-positioned
company to address it for all the reasons that we talk about.

The second thing, though, is the nature of our services today, right? As you saw with our results in H1,
you'll go back to what have we been focusing on? We've been focusing on building the digital core of our
clients which is moving to the cloud, having the right systems, all of which this current crisis actually
points out to are very critical, right? And in the first wave of that, you're just seeing it in the demand for
us to help them increase their -- improve their infrastructure, deploy collaboration technologies and so
on. The second thing we've been helping them with is optimize their operations, right, and the ability
to use technology not only to reduce costs but to be more productive. And what you are seeing -- even
now, we're already having sort of inbound things about, "Can you help us achieve more savings through
technology in the shorter term?" So we have very relevant offerings. And what's really interesting, right,
if you go back to the financial crisis and operations, that business was very different. It was much more
around labor arbitrage with some analytics on top of it.

Today, as I talked about earlier, our business in Operations, our business in Living Systems starts
fundamentally with technology platforms that we have built so that as our clients are making decisions, do
they invest themselves to build something or should they leverage here; the current crisis actually makes
those investments we've been making for years even more attractive and relevant because clients will
have less investment capacity, they'll need to move fast and they've got to address the challenges.

And so the final area is around accelerating the growth agenda. And this is where Accenture Interactive is
critical. I mean just think about what's happening right now. People are staying home and they're getting
online and they can't go to stores. The opportunities over time to engage differently with your customers,
to establish different relationships are going to be very important. And Accenture Interactive is at the
core, right, of customer experience and very relevant. So we knew -- coming out of H1, you see the
strength of that. But as you think about what's actually happening, and of course, it's still early days, but
we could see what's going. Our services, we believe, will be even more relevant, right, as we get through
this first period where we need to.

And I just want to be clear, at the end of the day, we have to serve our clients, and we need to help them
adjust. We need to make sure their mission-critical services are continuing and then help them evaluate
how to navigate, grow and address it, and that will be very different in different industries and companies.
And we are very -- this is where our relationships matter so much. 95 of our top 100 clients, we have
been there for over 10 years, right? And so I feel very confident, and I think we are in a very significant
position of strength as we go into this chapter.

Kathleen R. McClure

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And maybe one thing I'd just add is one thing that I would say that we do expect that we come --
that we saw coming out of the last crisis, that we also believe where we're well positioned this time, again,
is taking market share. So when we came out of the last financial crisis, we did take market share. And
that is our expectation that we are -- as we look long term, that we'll have tremendous opportunities for
us over the long term by staying close to our clients.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Then maybe my follow-up is on the talent side. I mean your 500,000 people are the most critical asset of
Accenture. Can you just remind us, I mean it looks like head count slowed a little bit in this last quarter
but it's still running close to 7%. So just as you think about this kind of sudden shock, can you just remind
us how you manage rebalancing the types of skills and level of head count you need in a very rapidly
changing environment? What levers you're pulling just around slowing hiring, et cetera?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Sure, thanks, Lisa. Great question. So first of all, just philosophically, we will -- we are not ever going
to be shortsighted here. And as you said, our people are really our competitive advantage, and we're
the envy of the industry. And so as we look at this, we do a couple of things. First of all, we're obviously
slowing recruiting but we're still recruiting. Like, for example, in Italy, and we all know the situation in
there, we're still recruiting for security right now because as our clients have been moving to home, they
need greater help in security services.

And just a shout-out to our HR team, we've rapidly turned our onboarding into entirely virtual so that we
can continue to recruit the critical services our clients need during this time, when obviously we cannot
have people coming to the office. The second thing that we do is we look at where we need skills and our
ability to pivot people, because of course we're a great learning organization, right? And so one of the first
things we always do is, "Where is the demand and what can we do?"

I mean we've trained over 300,000 people in the last couple of years just on new IT. And so part of what
we will be doing, a significant part, is making sure that we also are able to adapt. For example, if you just
look at the digital -- the need for digital workplace, in this week alone, we took 600 people and spun them
up and trained them on all the skills they need to be deploying these technologies like Teams because our
clients rapidly needed that for the demand. And so in our first -- in its first phase, our focus is of course
slowing down on our recruiting except where we need the critical skills and then deploying our people at
the demand, and we won't be shortsighted.

Operator

Our next question then will come from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank.

[Technical Difficulty]

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Hey guys, I'm not sure what the issue is there. Just want to ask about the guidance. Is the guidance about
what the quarter looks like so far in March and then straight lining that forward? Or is there an estimate
on what kind of deterioration you'll see? And then thinking, you mentioned a little bit, I assume most of
the guidance reduction is in consulting and not outsourcing.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So let me take -- let me start with the second part of your question first. So as we look to what we
think the back half of the year will be by type of work, we do think that consulting could be low single-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

digit positive or negative. And remember, that also factors in, they get more disproportionate impact of
the lower travel reimbursement revenue, Bryan. And in the back half of the year, outsourcing will be low
to mid-single-digit positive. Both types of work right now, as you've seen, are high single-digit growth. So
we -- at the end of the year, we do see consulting at low to mid-single-digit growth for the full year and
outsourcing at mid- to high single digit.

And what I would just give in terms of other color on our guidance, just as an overall point is, look, we've
done the risk profile. As you know, it's higher than normal. We've provided our guidance in that context
based on what we've seen today. As a leadership team, we're going to be as relevant as we can to our
clients. And as we've always said, it's our job to try to deliver as high as we can in the range. But I think
it's also important to note that in this environment, we believe it's reasonably possible that we can land
anywhere in this range. So our guidance does take into consideration what we see today, but, Bryan, the
environment remains fluid and can evolve differently from our assumptions.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on staffing. Thinking about staffing issues, is Accenture seeing any
impact to the guidance due to you're not able to get on company sites? So just trying to think about the
supply side issue of the guidance versus the demand issue.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Yes, well, I mean obviously, we've got -- it's sort of client by client. And by the way, our legal department
is doing an amazing job right now because, as you might imagine, many of our contracts didn't even
contemplate ever working from home, right? And so they have been working client by client, sort of 24/7
to evaluate that. But it's just a mix. And so I'd just tell you our guidance is kind of taking into account all
of these different factors, and that's where we updated it to.

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you. Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.

Operator

Our next question then will come from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to just clarify some comments you made on the remote operations. I heard 60% in India and
Philippines. I'm curious can you move that to a higher level or is that currently the max? And then just as
far as the global mix of the workforce, how are you thinking about the ability to deliver remotely on the
total base of operations and where do you think that will go to ultimately?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Well, so in the Philippines, we're probably about where we expect to be. In India, we're still adding. But
again, it really depends on the nature of the work. And so we wouldn't expect it to be much higher than
that because some of the work, if you think about bandwidth, the need for power, what our employees can
do and some -- their conditions, and then like sort of the availability, the bandwidth on some of the things
that take more bandwidth, so it's going to go a little bit higher in India, but I think we're in a pretty good
position.

Around the world, it varies. I mean look in Italy, we're at 85% to 90%; in Spain, 90%. And so globally, it's
actually much higher, right, because of the nature of the workforce. So you really have to look at nature of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

the work and country by country. But as my stat of 16 million minutes a day to 30 million minutes a day,
are -- it's -- we've mobilized very quickly.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then just as far as demand and the guidance, can you just discuss clients, what you're seeing
in their spending priorities? Understanding it's fluid, how are clients considering spend across those new
areas versus traditional IT areas here amid the crisis?

And really just trying to understand what's built into the guide across those 2 channels, or whether you
want to break it down by how you formulated the guide by industry verticals or regions. Just trying to
understand it one layer of depth down on the guidance assumptions.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Why don't you take that.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, I mean we did take a look, as I mentioned, we -- Bryan, we did take a look at different geographies,
the lens of geography in our guidance. We also looked at the lens of industries. I mean -- and we did take
a look at which ones will be more severely impacted, in our view. I put -- as Julie talked about, we did
mention travel is a small part of Accenture's business. It's about 3% of our revenue. It had already been
in decline even before coming into this crisis. So that's one industry, although it's not a big part. We have
important clients there, it's not a big part of our revenues. But travel somewhat is an industry.

We talked last quarter about industrial and automotive being a little bit under pressure in North America
and Europe. We do think that's about 7% of Accenture's revenue, and we do think that will be -- continue
to be affected going forward. And I'd say, within high-tech, where we have our aerospace and defense
business, that obviously will be -- continue to be impacted as well. So maybe that gives you just a little bit
of color on some of our industries.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

All right. So thank you again for joining us on today's call.

As we navigate the current environment, it is important to remember that we will continue to invest in our
business and our people for the long term. The fundamentals of our business are strong, and we plan to
emerge even stronger.

I cannot emphasize enough my gratitude for the extraordinary efforts of our leaders and our people
around the world to both take care of each other and continue serving our clients which they have done,
even as they are concerned for their own health and the health of their loved ones and communities.

I also want to thank our clients for placing their trust in us, our investors for their continued confidence
and our ecosystem partners for their shared commitment to our clients.

Perhaps what is most unprecedented about the situation we face is how universal the tragedy is that is
unfolding around the world. It truly affects us all and I hope that each of you and your family and friends
are healthy and continue to be well.

Thank you.

Operator

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. today
through June 25, 2020. You may access the AT&T Teleconference Replay System at any time by dialing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

(866) 207-1041 and entering the access code of 2467991. International participants may dial (402)
970-0847.
That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T
Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

