Accenture plc NYSE:ACN
FQ4 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, September 23, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2021-

-FQ1 2022-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.19

2.20

0.46

2.50

8.79

8.80

0.11

9.82

13419.46

13419.28

0.00

13596.47

50534.02

50533.39

0.00

55538.68

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-23-2021 12:33 PM GMT

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.05

1.90

2.24

2.19

2.17

2.03

2.40

2.20

5.85 %

6.84 %

7.14 %

0.46 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of
Investor Relations

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Presentation

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Accenture Fourth Quarter Fiscal
2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full fiscal 2021
earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of
Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer;
and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release
we issued a short time ago.

Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will
take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some
key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Julie will then provide a brief update
on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year
2022. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.

Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and
as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those
factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expressed in this call.

During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe
provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures,
where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at
accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this
conference call.

Now let me turn the call over to Julie.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

Thank you, Angie, and everyone, for joining us. Before diving into our results, thank you to our 624,000
incredibly talented people around the world, including over 8,500 Managing Directors. This past fiscal year,
your hard work and dedication to creating value that matters for our clients was unwavering despite the
ongoing and sometimes quite extreme challenges of COVID.

We've had a truly extraordinary year as reflected in our outstanding financial results and in the 360-
degree value we delivered beyond our financials. From the over 120,000 promotions and over 31 million
training hours, an increase of 43% for our people; to increasing our workforce by approximately 118,000
people, creating significant employment opportunities in our communities; to achieving 46% women on
our way to our goal of gender parity by 2025; to our top 3 ranking in the Refinitiv Global Diversity and
Inclusion Index for the fourth consecutive year; to the #1 position with our largest ecosystem partners; to
the exciting accomplishment of 50% renewable energy now powering our offices and centers globally; to
the donation of $54 million in COVID surge relief.

In December, we will publish our first-ever annual 360-degree value report to more fully describe the FY
'21 value we created in all directions, and we'll report against 3 additional key ESG frameworks: SASB,
TCFD, and WEF IBC.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

We believe that the trust we have from our clients and partners, our continuous innovation and our ability
to consistently attract the best people, including the 56,000 net new hires this past quarter are directly
linked to our commitment to measuring our success by how well we create this 360-degree value for all
our stakeholders, clients, people, partners, shareholders and communities and on our culture of shared
success.

Here are some key financial highlights of the year, which position us strongly as we begin FY '22. FY '21
demonstrated our leadership in helping our clients achieve compressed transformation, with 72 clients
with bookings greater than $100 million compared to 53 last year and 229 Diamond clients, our largest
client relationship compared to 216 last year.

With a 20% increase in bookings to $59 billion, we have strong momentum across all dimensions of
our business across geographic markets, industries and services, reaching revenues of $50.5 billion,
a significant milestone, representing 11% growth. We added $6.2 billion in revenue this year, gaining
significant market share, with 40 basis points of operating margin expansion, demonstrating yet again our
ability to grow profitably and at scale.

We achieved this profitable growth while investing at a higher level than ever before, with $4.2 billion in
acquisitions, $1.1 billion in R&D in assets, platforms and industry solutions, including growing our portfolio
of patents and pending patents to more than 8,200 and total training investment of $900 million. And
according to BrandZ, our brand value increased 56% to over $64 billion, ranking us #27 on the prestigious
BrandZ's Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands list.

Finally, I want to highlight cloud and our ability to move with agility to serve our clients' needs and capture
momentum in the market. At the beginning of FY '21, after investing in cloud for a decade, we saw that
the pandemic would dramatically accelerate our clients' move to the cloud. More than technology, the
move to the cloud would be about the adoption of a new operating system for the future enterprise, a
dynamic continuum of capabilities from public to edge to everything in between, opening up radically new
ways for companies to work, compete and drive value.

Just over 1 year ago, we created Accenture Cloud First to capitalize on this momentum, bringing together
all of our capabilities from migration to cloud-native development, data, AI, industry talent and change.
Accenture Cloud First was the biggest driver of our overall cloud business growth, from $12 billion to $18
billion, a 44% increase.

KC, over to you.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. We were very pleased with our
results in the fourth quarter, which completes an outstanding year for Accenture and reflect broad-based
momentum across all dimensions of our business. Once again, our results reflect our relentless focus to
deliver across our 3 key imperatives for driving superior stakeholder value.

So let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights of the quarter. Revenue growth of 21% in local
currency, at the top end of our guided range, reflects double-digit growth across all markets, all industry
groups and all services. We also continue to extend our leadership position at an accelerated pace, with
growth significantly above the market.

Operating margin was 14.6%, an increase of 30 basis points for the quarter, reflecting 40 basis points of
expansion for the full year. We delivered this expansion while investing significantly in our business and in
our people to position us for long-term market leadership.

We delivered very strong EPS of $2.20, which represents 29% growth compared to adjusted EPS last year.
And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $2.2 billion, which was driven by continued strong growth and
profitability.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Now let me turn to some of the details. New bookings were $15 billion for the quarter with a book-to-
bill of 1.1. Consulting bookings were $8 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings were $7.1
billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2. We were very pleased with our new bookings, which represents 7%
growth in U.S. dollars, with 18 clients with bookings over $100 million. We were also pleased with the
strength of bookings across all services, with a book-to-bill 1 in strategy and consulting, 1.2 in technology
services, and 1.1 in operations.

Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $13.4 billion, a 24% increase in U.S. dollars and
21% in local currency, slightly above our FX-adjusted range, as the FX tailwind was 3% compared to the
4% estimated last quarter. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $7.3 billion, up 29% in U.S. dollars
and 25% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $6.1 billion, up 19% in U.S. dollars and 16% in
local currency.

Taking a closer look at our service dimensions. Strategy and consulting, technology services and
operations all grew very strong double digits.

Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 22% in local currency driven
by double-digit growth in Consumer Goods, Retail and Travel Services, Software & Platforms and Public
Service. In Europe, revenues grew 18% in local currency, led by double-digit growth in Consumer Goods,
Retail and Travel Services, Industrial and Banking & Capital Markets.

Looking closer at the countries. Europe was driven by double-digit growth in the U.K., Germany, France
and Italy. In growth markets, we delivered 21% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit
growth in Consumer Goods, Retail and Travel Services, Banking & Capital Markets and high-tech. From a
country perspective, growth markets was led by double-digit growth in Japan, Australia and Brazil.

Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 33.3% compared with 31.8% for
the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11.3% compared with 10.6%
for the fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 7.4% compared to 6.8% for the
same quarter last year.

Operating income was $2 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.6% operating margin, up 30 basis
points compared with Q4 last year. As a reminder, in Q4 last year, we recorded an investment gain that
impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.29 for the quarter. The following comparisons exclude this
impact and reflect adjusted results.

Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25% compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 28.4% for
the fourth quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.20 compared with adjusted EPS of $1.70
in the fourth quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 38 days compared to 36 days last quarter
and 35 days in the fourth quarter of last year.

Free cash flow for the quarter was $2.2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of
$2.4 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $236 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was
$8.2 billion compared with $8.4 billion at August 31 last year.

With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we
repurchased or redeemed 3 million shares for $915 million at an average price of $305.61 per share. Also
in August, we paid our fourth quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share for a total of $558 million. And
our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share to be paid on November 15, a
10% increase over last year and approved $3 billion of additional share repurchase authority.

Now I would like to take a moment to summarize our outstanding year. We are extremely pleased with the
performance of our business in fiscal year '21, greatly exceeding all aspects of our original outlook that
we provided last September. We delivered $59 billion in new bookings, a 20% increase in U.S. dollars over
last year, which positions us well as we begin fiscal year '22.

Revenues increased a record $6.2 billion, hitting the $50 billion mark, reflecting growth of 11% in local
currency for the full year. This result, which is more than double the revenue growth we anticipated at the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

beginning of the year, showcases our agility and ability to quickly scale to deliver value and outcomes for
our clients.

Operating margin of 15.1% reflected a 40 basis point expansion over fiscal year '20, above the top end
of our original guided range, even after making continued significant investments in our business and our
people. Adjusted earnings per share were $8.80, reflecting 18% growth over adjusted FY '20 EPS and was
well above our revenue growth. As a reminder, we adjusted earnings in both years to exclude gains on
investment.

Free cash flow of $8.4 billion was significantly above our original guided range, reflecting a free cash flow
to net income ratio of 1.5, driven by strong profitability. And finally, we significantly exceeded our original
guidance for capital allocation by returning $5.9 billion of cash to shareholders, while investing roughly
$4.2 billion across 46 acquisitions to acquire critical skills and capabilities in strategic, high-growth areas
of the market.

So again, FY '21 was truly an outstanding year. Momentum continues into fiscal '22, and we are laser-
focused on capturing the market opportunities, coupled with the disciplined execution that you and we
expect of us.

Now let me turn it back to Julie.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

Thanks, KC. Turning to the demand environment. Compressed transformation underpinned by cloud
and digital continues to drive strong double-digit growth across our business, including for Applied
Intelligence, cloud, Industry X, intelligent operations, Interactive, Intelligent Platform Services, security
and transformational change management.

Technology is the single biggest driver of change in companies today, and the depth, breadth and scale of
our technology capabilities across our services is unmatched. We see the demand environment shaping
up for FY '22 to be more of the same, while digital leaders seeking to widen their competitive advantage
and companies seeking to leapfrog their cloud and digital transformation, are driving momentum in
our business. The vast majority of companies are early in their transformation. And whether digital
leader, leapfrogger, laggard or in between, all face multiyear journeys ahead of them because the
replatforming in the cloud and use of new technologies across the enterprise is a once-in-a-digital era
profound transformation.

Simultaneously, we have ongoing exponential technology change that is accelerating and will create new
opportunities, disruptions and change for our clients. In addition, growth in parts of our business are, by
their very nature, continuously evolving. For example, Interactive, now a $12.5 billion business growing
15%, continues to set a new standard for customer experience, connections, sales and marketing at the
intersection of data, creativity and technology and is tied to the ever-changing needs and preferences of
B2C and B2B customers.

Similarly, security, now a $4.4 billion business growing 29%, is driven by needs related to an ever-
expanding digital threat landscape, and with our managed services is providing much-needed protection
and talent to our clients.

Our clients value the depth and breadth of our services for the entire enterprise, across strategy and
consulting, interactive, technology and operations and industry and functional expertise across 13
industries, plus the ability to deliver tangible outcomes as well as our strong track record of investing
ahead of our clients to anticipate their needs to drive our next waves of growth, such as our early moves
in digital, cloud and security.

There remain entire parts of the enterprise for which digitization and the move to the cloud has only
just begun. In particular, both the things companies make and the way they make things are being
dramatically changed by technology. And that is the focus of our Industry X business, which we believe
is the next big digital frontier. In fact, a 2021 Gartner survey of Board of Directors indicates that 93%

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

expect that the #1 business priority that will see transformational improvement from digital technology is
manufacturing, distribution and supply chain.

We have invested for nearly a decade in Industry X and are now at approximately $5 billion in revenue,
growing 36%. We look forward to welcoming the 4,200 industry-leading engineers and consultants of
umlaut when the acquisition closes in October.

Similarly, sustainability is a critical area for which technology is still evolving. We believe that every
business must be a sustainable business, and yet companies are at very early stages of figuring out how
to make this shift.

Last year, building on years of investment and experience, we launched our sustainability services
under our new Chief Responsibility Officer and Global Sustainability Services lead. We have continued to
accelerate our focus in this expanding and changing market, and are proud of the work we are doing with
leading partners like Mastercard as we enhance its ability to track and analyze the carbon emissions of
their suppliers and help decarbonize the U.K. energy system with clients such as National Grid.

We do see a shift in the nature of the demand for our managed services across IT, security and operations,
with these services emerging as one of our most strategic differentiators. As companies simultaneously
seek greater resilience, face a war for talent, the need to rapidly digitize and cost pressures, strategic
managed services are increasingly a C-suite priority, with Accenture as the trusted partner of choice and
increasingly integrated as a part of their talent strategy.

Table stakes from managed services are efficiency, resiliency and reliability. We further differentiate in our
managed services because they are uniquely informed by our strong strategy and consulting capabilities
and deep industry and functional expertise. And they benefit from our strong level of investment for digital
platforms like SynOps and myWizard, and the seamless integration with our ecosystem partners as well as
due to the incredible pool of talented people our clients can access quickly when partnering with us.

For example, we are partnering with Olympus, a leading manufacturer of optical and digital precision
technology to help them drive their transformation to become a global medical technology company. As
part of this partnership, we have acquired their Japanese IT subsidiary company, which we will transform
to deliver significant IT cost savings to Olympus as well as upskill their people, combining their knowledge
with our talent and technology to lead Olympus' digital transformation.

Now let me bring to life some more of the demand we are seeing. All of these examples bring together the
diverse capabilities across Accenture to create tangible value. We are a leader in cloud because we're able
to serve our clients across the cloud continuum and create business value.

We are partnering with Kubota, a Japanese multinational company, providing solutions leveraging a
diverse range of products, technologies and services in the fields of food, water and the environment
to accelerate Kubota's digital transformation by creating solutions that will enhance the productivity
and safety of food, promote circularity of water resources and waste and improve urban and living
environments. We will help create innovative sustainability solutions and a platform applying leading-edge
digital technologies, including AI and IoT. Diverse data held across the group will be centralized for easing
maintenance and use. We're also modernizing, replacing or migrating legacy applications to the cloud and
strengthening their global computer security incident response team.

We are partnering with Jabil, a U.S.-based global manufacturing services company to further enhance
their IT infrastructure capabilities through providing infrastructure managed services for digital workplace,
network, cloud and data center support.

We're helping Fennia, a Finnish insurer offering casualty, motor and health and accident services to
implement a cloud-based policy administration system to improve customer service using data and
automation to make sales, claims, payments and policy management processes more user-friendly. This
will allow the company to quickly respond to changing market and customer demands and meet its goal of
providing the best customer experience in the industry.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Compressed transformation is occurring across industries. We're partnering with Unilever, one of the
world's largest consumer goods companies in their digital transformation. Together, we are setting a
new industry standard by reinventing technology delivery with cutting-edge automation, delivering cloud
migration at scale, the largest ERP migration to the cloud and the industry and shifting to technology
solutions that support their growth strategy.

With McCormick, a global leader in flavor in the food industry, where we are partnering on a strategic
transformation program, encompassing finance, supply chain, logistics and plant maintenance. The new
cloud-based platform and innovative data-driven approach will help standardize processes, increase
efficiencies and support their goal of doubling in size quickly.

We're helping a European financial institution build the bank of the future and helping them become a
next-level innovator, one that is leveraging technology and sustainability to transform multiple parts
of their business, drive hyper-personalized customer experience and create new lines of business like
wealth management and insurance, which is expected to triple digital sales by 2023 and improve their
already stellar cost-to-income ratio. At the same time, we're helping them deliver on their ESG initiatives,
including inclusive financing, green software and carbon data-free data centers.

At Accenture, we're enabling new experience in growth and cost transformation across the enterprise and
across industries. And the key enabler to these innovative scaled service is the power of our operations
capabilities. We are helping Open Fiber, an Italian telecommunications company, design and orchestrate
construction of an ultra broadband network, which will deliver fiber to 20 million households across Italy.
Digitization and automation will help the construction site to proceed faster and more efficiently.

With Interactive, we're helping MediaMarktSaturn Retail Group, Europe's leading consumer electronics
retailer, transform their digital content capabilities with a state-of-the-art marketing operation. Automation
and data insights enabled by SynOps will help deliver more engaging and personalized content while
driving millions in savings.

Our industry expertise continues to be a core competitive advantage, allowing us to breathe deep industry
and cross-industry knowledge enterprise-wide for our clients. I want to recognize, in particular, our
software and platform industry, which is approximately $4 billion in revenue. In Q4, this group celebrated
20 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth, serving as a leading partner to our clients in this hyper-
growth industry.

KC, back to you.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Julie. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal '22, we expect
revenues to be in the range of $13.9 billion to $14.35 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about
positive 0.5% compared to the first quarter of fiscal '21, and reflects an estimated 18% to 22% growth in
local currency.

For the full fiscal year '22, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we
currently assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars, will be approximately negative 0.5%
compared to fiscal '21. For the full fiscal '22, we expect our revenue to be in the range of 12% to 15%
growth in local currency over fiscal '21, which includes an inorganic contribution of about 5% as we
continue to expect to invest about $4 billion in acquisitions.

For operating margin, we expect fiscal year '22 to be 15.2% to 15.4%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion
over fiscal '21 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This
compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1% in fiscal '21.

For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '22 to be in the range of $9.90 to
$10.18, or 13% to 16% growth over adjusted fiscal '21 results. For the full fiscal '22, we expect operating
cash flow to be in the range of $8.2 billion to $8.7 billion, property and equipment additions to be

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

approximately $700 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $7.5 billion to $8 billion. Our free cash
flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2.

Finally, we expect to return at least $6.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain
committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders.

With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations
Thanks, KC. [Operator Instructions] Operator, would you please provide instructions for those on the call?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Keith Bachman of Bank of Montreal.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I had two, if I could. Outstanding set of results and guidance, first of all. I wanted to ask about the cash
flow, if I could, guidance. And even at the high end of the range, the cash flow margin would be a pretty
significant step-down from fiscal '20 into fiscal '21. So I just wondered, is there any puts and take within
the cash flow guidance that we should be aware of as we're doing our model? And I have a quick follow-up
to that.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Great. Thanks. Nice to hear from you, Keith. Yes, so our free cash flow of $7.5 billion to $8 billion, it
reflects very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. And so we're really pleased with that.
And it does have slightly higher CapEx expense of $700 million. So that's one slight difference from -- over
'21.

We did have exceptionally strong free cash flow in fiscal year '21 at 1.5 free cash flow to net income ratio,
and that is just exceptional performance. It's not unusual for us to have free cash flow guidance at the
beginning of the year that is a decrease over what we've done in the previous years.

And then lastly, we do allow for a slight uptick in DSO in our guidance for next year, which would still be a
very industry-leading DSO performance.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Excellent. Excellent. And then Julie, maybe just for you, I think you mentioned this year, you did 46
M&A deals. And you mentioned in the guidance comments that there's quite a bit of M&A, I think $4 billion
in M&A contemplated for this coming fiscal year.

How do you think about the integration risk? Accenture has, I would argue, a very special culture, and
you're bringing in a lot of new people over the course of the last 12 months and the forward next 12
months. How do you think about the risk of a simulation of these deals? And how do you manage this
process? You have a very good track record over the last 10 years, but there is a lot of M&A on the table
that you're bringing in the company. I'm just wondering if you could speak to how you think about the risk
associated with that to make sure the business keeps moving forward.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

Sure. So great question, and thanks, Keith. So first of all, as you indicated, we've got a really strong track
record. And so this step-up in acquisitions comes based on years of experience, including in fine-tuning
integration. So that's number one.

Secondly, our acquisitions happen globally. And then as I've talked about this year, they're pretty evenly
balanced. And why is that important? When we switched to our model earlier this year of a geographic-
focused model from a P&L perspective, one of the reasons is to allow us as well to be super close to our
people. And most of these acquisitions are not global, right?

Some are like an umlaut, but like, for example, Project Novetta in the federal business, very local. And
the vast majority are in 1 or 2 markets. Like there -- and so the integration, it's not like you have this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

enormous company that's trying to integrate lots of people all over the globe at the same time. We have
senior leaders accountable for the acquisitions.

And so we really get the right balance, and we have our own. And so for example, when we look at this,
we look at market by market, how many acquisitions are we doing in this market? So how does that
enable us make sure that we can spend the time?

So this is a finely tuned approach for integration. And of course, we bring on people in acquisition or not,
all the time. And so this focus on culture is just part of who we are.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Thinking about the $50 billion revenue milestone, which is pretty amazing. Julie, as you're mapping out
the path to $60 billion over the next few years, can you talk about where do you see the major sources of
incremental revenue looking out from here forward?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

Great. Well, thanks, Lisa. Nice to talk to you. So first of all, and I talked a little bit about this in the
script, we are still very early in the transformation of companies in building just their digital core. So for
example, if you look at something like SAP, their stats that they point out, you sort of have less than 20%
of companies who've actually both bought and begun implementing S/4HANA, right? And we see the move
to the cloud, you've got sort of maybe today, roughly 25% to 30% of workload.

So there's a lot of work, which is a multiyear journey, in actually building the digital core and then, at the
same time, transforming the way they work. And so we've got multiyear ahead. And even when you look
at who's doing compressed transformation, you have this core of leaders and leapfroggers, but the vast
majority of companies are not yet engaged in compressed transformation.

So just from a multiyear outlook on the fundamentals of replatforming and moving to a true digital-
enabled enterprises still in early stages. When you add on top of that, there are whole parts of the
enterprise where even the technologies are really new.

So Industry X is a great example of that. We see that as the next digital frontier, and we're still very,
very early. And so that will be kind of its own wave as we look forward. And then areas like sustainability.
Again, technology is early. Every industry has to find its way on sustainability.

And so as we think about our own growth strategy, it starts with what our clients need. So we continue
to diversify the parts of the enterprise that we're serving, and that enables -- that's what our clients
need, and that enables next waves of growth for us. And we continue to innovate and anticipate, like
in sustainability, what our clients need. And so when you kind of take this, you see both from serving
the enterprise, the maturity of -- to that and then you add on top of that, that there are areas that
are evergreen. Like Interactive, it's all about clients, the growth agenda. It's always going to change.
Manufacturing will be the same. Security grows as the digital landscape grows.

So hopefully, that gives you a flavor of how we're thinking about both our next waves of growth and just
the resiliency of the diversity of what we do.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Yes, terrific. My follow-up was actually on managed services, which you called out in the prepared
remarks. Not really used to thinking about Accenture doing managed services. Can you just elaborate a bit
on that?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Is this primarily actually infrastructure-related managed services or apps? Or just maybe a little bit more
detail on what exactly you're doing in Accenture's differentiation there.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

So just think of we have consulting and outsourcing, right? So managed services is just another term for
outsourcing. And so if you think about our operations business, which is now about $8 billion, right, so all
the managed services we provide -- or everything from finance and accounting to industry-specific, like we
called out in the script, the stuff we're doing in telecom, we're doing things in insurance and both health
and P&C. So we have industry specific, we have marketing services to [ move that ].

Then, of course, those are powerful IT services, we've been doing outsourcing for years, right, term
application outsourcing is an industry term. And then we have our managed services and security.
We bought Symantec last year. And so this is a core part when you think about our revenue between
consulting and outsourcing.

And the point that's happening now is that we've always done this, but what we're seeing is -- I just had
a call with a CEO the other day, who's like, he started the call with like, "Julie, I'm really having a hard
time hiring people in digital, right, and how are you seeing companies' health?" And we talked about how
by strategically outsourcing like in security, in marketing, you can access the digital talent and it becomes
part of their own talent strategy to address the war for talent, while at the same time, digitizing faster.

I have another client that said, "Look, you had 50 things that my IT department was about to build in
order for us to automate and transform, and I get it through your SynOps platform. The same, too, on the
IT and infrastructure side." And of course, infrastructure managed services in the cloud, growing area as
well from the move to the cloud.

So I think the shift we were calling out, Lisa though, is just how strategic this is at a time of compressed
transformation because it's meeting the needs of the war on talent and the need to digitize and the need
to move fast at the same time.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

First, I have a question on bookings. Can you talk about the dynamic in 4Q? It looks like outsourcing did
tick down for the first time in a while year-over-year. So just anything to call out there?

And then just generally, how do you see the pipeline developing as you think about fiscal '22 bookings
levels?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So there's nothing really to point out in terms of Q4 bookings with outsourcing. They
can just be a little bit lumpy, but it was a very strong performance. But let me just maybe talk a little bit
about overall bookings as we head into '22.

We do feel really good about the momentum in our business. And as Julie went through, we had 72 clients
with bookings over $100 million this year. And you can see that then helping us as we head into FY '22,
Bryan, with the 18% to 22% that we have in Q1. And you also see that in our 12% to 15% revenue range
that we have for fiscal '22.

I think it's important to also note that it does include about 5% inorganic contribution. But at the top end
of our revenue range, again, driven by bookings, it's going to represent about 10% organic growth at
the upper end. And while we do benefit from an easier compare in the first half, it does continue to imply
strong organic growth in the second half.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

And if you look at why is that, when you peel back bookings, again, pleased with the $15 billion that
we had in Q4, strong book-to-bill of 1.1. It is $60 billion for the whole year with double-digit growth in
consulting. And I think it's important to also note, in consulting bookings, we had $8 billion for the last 3
quarters, which is terrific. And outsourcing, which for the entire year, kind of very strong book-to-bill of
1.2 in all 3 markets and services.

And when you peel it back, there's really 3 things. Again, just peeling back bookings for you, there are
3 things that I would also note. One is that, yes, we did have a lot of larger bookings that help us for --
position us well for the future throughout FY '22. But we had a nice mix all the way through to the smaller
deals, which benefit near-term revenue.

The second thing is that the bookings were very broad-based across all of our services, and that includes
strategy and consulting, which is really good as well.

And lastly, their line, as Julie talked quite a bit about our strategic priorities: cloud, Industry X and
security, for example.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. A follow-up here then on attrition. Can you just give us a sense of what you're anticipating for
attrition levels factored into '22? And any added measures you're taking to try and drive that 19% down?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So let me just maybe talk a little bit about the numbers, and Julie can give some other color here.
But our managed attrition of 19%, Bryan, was really, in the fourth quarter, was in the zone that we
expected. And it's 14% for the year, and we've been at 19% before. It's obviously a very hot market right
now. But when you peel it back, it continues to be more in the lower part of the pyramid and it's largely
concentrated in India, where we really don't have any issues in hiring.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

Yes. And I think that's important because you look at a headline number, and then you have to kind of
understand where is the attrition. And at the same time, as you might imagine, we're always very focused
on making sure that we're attractive. So we're very pleased that our executive retention is going very
well. I think we are -- we're very much focused on our employee value proposition.

And when you think about the actions we've taken, like a record number of 120,000 promotions, the
training that we're providing people that's really valued. And then, frankly, things like the way that we
have approached vaccines, right? So we've now vaccinated 85,000 of our people and their families directly
in addition to what we're supporting through -- like in the U.S., through our carriers.

And as I talked a little bit about in the script, what we find is people really care about the fact that they
are working for a company that focuses on financials and all of the other, what we call, 360-degree value.
So what we're doing in sustainability, being a leader that we're going to be carbon-neutral by 2025, really
matters.

And so we continue to look at how can we help our people be net better off, succeed personally and
professionally and be proud of the company that not only creates value, but leads with values.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Wanted to ask a couple of quick questions that are follow-up on the hiring. Your pace of hiring and net has
been quite stunning, at least, over the last couple of quarters. Can you talk about a little more detail in
terms of how you're finding the hiring environment, particularly for newer skill sets? And I guess, do you
think you need to kind of sustain the recent pace of hiring going forward?

And I guess, the -- my second question, I'll just throw it in at the same time, is back to V&A. You talked
about the kind of the inorganic contribution and integration. But is this kind of the recent pace that we've
seen? Is this also something that you expect to need to sustain and want to sustain on a go-forward basis,
whether in terms of number of deals or amount that you're spending, et cetera?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Okay. Thanks. I will cover the headcount. So I would just first start with, in this market, with the war for
talent, we're very pleased with the 56,000 net additional people that we hired in Q4. As we see strong
momentum really continuing in FY '22, and you see that again in our growth rates for the first quarter,
we're off to a strong start at 18% to 22% in Q1, and the full year at the top end of 15%. And we were
able to accelerate some of our hiring.

And we plan to continue to do so in quarter 1 in order to have the talented people that we need to match
demand in the market. And so that's to your first question on hiring.

To your second question on V&A. While we -- I won't guide longer term into the amount of spend that
we're going to do past '22 in V&A, it remains an important part of our strategy on a go-forward basis.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

Yes. And I just -- I think it's just to remember, taking a step back on two things. One is on the people
side, we made a deliberate decision to accelerate hiring this quarter and next quarter, which given, as you
said, the environment and our ability to attract people, we think makes sense so that we're not worried
about being constrained with respect to people. And we're able to do that. And I think that's a huge
differentiator for us.

And secondly, we made a decision last year, and we've made a decision this year in V&A to really invest
and take advantage of our ability to invest to serve our clients. And when I go to clients, one of the things
that we talk about is, and clients really value, is that when they're partnering with us, they're partnering
not just for the capabilities that we have today, but because we have a track record of investing year in
and year out in creating and anticipating their needs. And we point to the kinds of acquisitions like in
umlaut, like in Novetta, like Infinity Works and cloud that we're doing it in markets all around the world to
benefit them.

And so we believe this is really setting us up last year and this year, right, for those next waves of growth,
and it's truly differentiating in the eyes of our clients.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Congratulations on the results and outlook. First question is it seems clear, we're in a very exciting time
here for IT services, right? I had this view for some time now that the acceleration of demand that you're
seeing is sustainable for several years. And I don't mean to imply that getting revenue growth is easy,
but if you have to worry less about revenue growth given the investments you've already made, do you
have the opportunity to change your financial model to accelerate it, get higher gross margins, better
G&A leverage? Thoughts on moving to a more nonlinear model with solutions, maybe especially important
given that you're at 620,000 people?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, I'll start with that. I think, Ashwin, our financial model really remains the same in terms of the 3 key
imperatives that you hear us go through each year, which is grow faster than the market, take share;
modest margin expansion while investing at scale in our business and our people. So in the last part,
maybe I'll just talk about op margins.

So we are very proud of the 10 to 30 that we have this year. That does imply, obviously, that we will
continue to get efficiencies in how we run our business, both in terms of how we deliver to our clients as
well as within the SG&A and how we run our own organization.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

Yes. Maybe just to add a couple of points. I'm glad you acknowledged that revenue growth is not easy. So
thank you for that. But I -- just taking a step back just to make sure because I think over the last decade,
we've seen a real shift in the professional services industry. The nature of the exponential technology
change, and the need to help clients move faster and do so more efficiently, has meant that you need to
be able to invest significantly.

So as we think about moving forward, like the investments we've done to build SynOps, like to -- and
continue to evolve it, to build industry solutions, as you mentioned, require us to continuously innovate,
invest. And you saw that in our IP patent portfolio.

And so what I would say is it's not that you sort of say, here's the revenue and then can you just
fundamentally shift because there is significant cost. Having all aspects of our business grow like this is
not simply because there's demand, it's the solutions we're bringing them.

And as I've talked about in prior earnings club, it isn't linear today even because we've automated so
much of what we do when you look at something like our operations business, you look at myWizard, and
we continue to do so. And that's really part of the business now.

And so I think it's important to kind of understand what's helping drive the demand for our services are --
the way we're gaining market share is not simply because there's a lot of demand in the market, but the
solutions we're bringing. And this is our big differentiator because we can go all the way from strategy to
operations, right?

All of the examples we're giving involve multiple aspects of our services, and you can't just build that
overnight either, right? So the fact that we're becoming integrated in talent strategy, in our outsourcing,
in our -- also called managed services, is about being trusted. And the fact that we could deliver during
the pandemic and be a trusted partner puts us in a very different place than others who might be trying to
build these capabilities.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. Got it. And then the other question is, over the last 18 months, your revenue growth has absorbed
the negative impact of less T&E. Is that coming back? Do you have updated thoughts on back to office?
What's the assumption for that in your outlook?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

So I'll let KC answer specifically, but I will say that if any of us can actually predict how we're going to go
to the office, I'd like to meet that person. Let's just say, it's been a humbling experience, right, how many
times have we all gotten ready to go back? And I don't know about you, but like 5 different things that
we're going to be impressed over the next 2 months have just come back to Zoom, so -- or Teams. So it's
been an interesting time, the new normal.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

But KC, why don't you take us through to see assumptions we're using.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So Ashwin, just -- I'll first start with revenue. Our revenue guidance, the 12% to 15%, it does not
include any specific uptick from reimbursable travel. And if that assumption changes, we'll reflect that in
our updated guidance.

And as Julie said, just in terms of increases to travel assumed in our overall P&L for '22, it is difficult to
predict, but we do have an increase built into -- particularly in the back half of the year for some travel
costs.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

I wanted to start just with the visibility question. The reason I asked is, obviously, your constant currency
revenue growth here in Q4 was quite robust, but it wasn't really above the top end of your guidance,
whereas in recent quarters, you had been candidly exceeding the top end of your expectations.

So I'm just wondering, is this simply because your visibility has improved, so you've gotten more
comfortable, you don't necessarily need to put extra cushion into the guidance? Or did some bookings not
ramp as fast as expected in the quarter? And then just a related question for fiscal '22. As you set the
initial outlook for this year, any change in approach versus this time last year, again, perhaps because your
visibility has improved?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I will answer both questions in really the same way, which is for the fourth quarter, we were slightly
above our FX-adjusted guided range. But we always try to aim to be in the top part of our guided range.
And really, just this year, it's been a story of an unprecedented ramp. So we're really pleased that we were
able to kind of nail down where we thought we would end out the quarter.

And I'd say the same thing really for '22. It's not any change in visibility. It's not any change in the way
we're doing things. We always call it as we see it. These are our best estimates. And with the 12% to
15%, all parts -- all points are a possibility, that's why they're in the range. But we continue, like we
always do to aim for the top part and top part of the range. No change.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. Okay. Good to know. And just a follow-up. What are your expectations for book-to-bill in consulting
and overall for the first quarter and for the full fiscal year? And then just what you're thinking about for
consulting versus outsourcing revenue growth this year?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Yes. Thank you. Yes. So we feel good about our pipeline as we head into the fiscal year. I would say
-- I will just comment on Q1 bookings. We do feel really good about where we are. Historically, we do
see some seasonality in Q1, and larger deals can make things lumpy, but we feel really good about our
positioning for the first quarter.

And in terms of revenue growth, I'll just say that for quarter 1, we see consulting continuing at strong
double digits and outsourcing in the double-digit range.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. And for the full year?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And for the full year, I mean, consulting should continue to be strong double digits. And outsourcing,
depending on where we land in the range, will be high single to low double digits.

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations

Thanks. Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.

Operator

Of course. And that last question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Really impressive growth at scale here. I wanted to ask on Industry X, it was $5 billion in revenues. So
you said up 36% [ of it then ]. So I think Julie said it's the next frontier here. Does this have potential to
be as big as cloud? I'm just trying to think about the sizing of Industry X, recognizing it's early, but also
it's importance.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

Yes. I mean I think we're not really sizing that today. I mean when you think about cloud, cloud is the
entire enterprise. So it's sort of hard to sort of do that. What we'd say is this will be -- I mean, we're
already at $5 billion, and we consider it the next digital frontier. And it's super early, right?

Some technologies have just really been coming online in the last year or 2 that are cloud-based.
And when you look at like what we're doing for example, like Vivienne Westwood, one of the largest
independent global fashion companies, we're doing a new PLM solution for them. We're doing so
for Alstom. Alstom, a global leader in transportation. We're doing the same in a power company
[ specifically ].

The range of what we're doing is both broad-based in terms of industry. And so we do think of this as
really a big growth driver for the future, but not sizing it today.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. No worries. I just thought it was interesting because the scope of it can be quite large. Just my
quick follow-up. I know you had -- you field a lot of questions on acquisitions already.

Digital assets are being quite valued pretty highly here across the board. It looks like you're still implying
a reasonable revenue multiple with your inorganic contribution. Have you seen any changes on the
valuation side? I know you're still a destination for many companies, but just curious if valuations have
changed in any way in your thinking.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

KC, do you want to answer that?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Yes. I'd say, Tien-Tsin, clearly, valuations, we participate in the overall market. You've seen what
valuations have done in the overall market. But I would just say that we have pretty high hurdle rates in
terms of what we expect from our business cases. And we track that very closely, as you would expect of
us, and we're very pleased with our ongoing performance of our portfolio against the hurdle rates that we
put forth in those business cases.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. That's impressive.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Chairman

All right. Well now, time to wrap up. In closing, I want to thank all of our people and our Managing
Directors for what you all do every day. Our people and actions and results in FY '21 have really put us in
a terrific position as we go into FY '22 to create even more value ahead.

And I know, I and the entire leadership team, are super excited and confident about what's to come. And
I'll simply end by thanking all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well, everyone.
Thanks.

Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. Eastern today
through December 16. You may access AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1 (866) 207-1041,
entering the access code 6704907. International participants may dial (402) 970-0847. That does
conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conference
service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ACCENTURE PLC FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

