Advance Auto Parts, Inc. NYSE:AAP
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 19, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.59

0.91

(42.77 %)

1.12

6.45

8.55

Revenue  (mm)

2682.58

2697.88

0.57

2062.39

9287.97

9702.01

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-19-2020 12:52 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.21

2.05

1.35

1.59

2.00

2.10

1.64

0.91

(9.50 %)

2.44 %

21.48 %

(42.77 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Elisabeth Eisleben
Senior Vice President of
Communications & Investor
Relations

Jeffrey W. Shepherd
Executive VP & CFO

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Chandni Luthra
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

David Leonard Bellinger
Wolfe Research, LLC

Elizabeth Lane Suzuki
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Kieran McGrath
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Matthew J. McClintock
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael David Montani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Scot Ciccarelli
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Advance Auto Parts First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be
advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will
make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on this call. Please
go ahead, Ms. Eisleben.

Elisabeth Eisleben
Senior Vice President of Communications & Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter 2020 results. I'm joined by Tom
Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Shepherd, our Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your
questions.

Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements
of historical facts are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about our
strategic initiatives, operational plans and objectives, and future business and financial performance as
well as statements regarding underlying assumptions related thereto. Actual results could differ materially
from those projected or implied by the forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements can be found
under the caption, forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent annual report on Form
10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and under similar captions in subsequent filings
made with the commission in our quarterly earnings press release.

Now let me turn the call over to Tom Greco.

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Elisabeth, and good morning to everyone joining. I'd like to begin by taking a moment to
acknowledge the COVID-19 pandemic and how it has affected each of us. No one asked for this crisis, and
the stories of the loss are incredibly sad. Most importantly, I sincerely hope you and your families are safe
and doing well. While there's no playbook on navigating a crisis of this magnitude, our team members are
doing extremely well to adjust to this environment.

Over the last few weeks, we've urgently adapted to help safeguard our team members and their families,
our customers and our communities. I'd like to thank all of our frontline team members and independent
partners, who are making tremendous sacrifices to keep our customers on the road.

I also want to thank the many AAP team members, who have turned on a dime to operationalize new ways
of working and serving our customers during this time. Throughout COVID-19, we've been focused on 3
overarching priorities: first, prioritize the health and safety of our team members and customers. second,
preserve cash and protect the P&L during the crisis; and third, prepare to be stronger following the crisis.

Allow me to provide a summary of how we've approached these priorities. First, while not a new current
stuff, nothing is more important than the health and safety of our team members and customers. And
we've gone to great lengths to help protect them. In our stores, this includes the implementation of social
distancing and enhanced sanitation practices, along with the insulation of Plexiglass barriers to name just
a few.

In our DCs, we made critical changes to how our team members operate. This also includes execution
of social distancing, increased cleaning and sanitation and implementing health check screening. Each

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

initiative in both stores and DCs was supported with a robust training curriculum to help ensure safety
procedures or enacted. We also sourced much needed supplies for our team members, including more
than 1 million face coverings. All of this reinforces that when we say nothing is more important than the
health and safety of our people and customers, we're supporting this statement with concrete actions.

Secondly, we're laser-focused on protecting the P&L and preserving cash during this crisis. In a few
minutes, I'll outline how the additional cost reduction actions we've taken to reflect the short-term
softness in sales, augment preexisting plans to expand margins. We've worked hard to reduce costs,
strengthen our balance sheet and improve cash flow in recent years. As a result, we believe we're in a
great starting position to manage our way through them. Jeff will talk about the important steps we've
taken to further solidify our cash position and liquidity, to not only weather the storm but to create an
environment that positively recover. Importantly, we remain committed to the strategic return of cash
to shareholders, evidenced by the meaningful dividend increase earlier this year and recent dividend
declaration by our Board this week.

Finally, our recovery task force, which includes experts, both inside and outside the company is working
to help ensure that we're in an even stronger position to compete following the crisis. We've reprioritized
initiatives, updated goals, improved collaboration and increased speed of decision-making in spite of
the environment. We're now more agile and responsive and deploying timely, relevant and innovative
solutions, to help meet the rapidly evolving needs of our team members and customers.

Now that many states have begun to gradually lift restrictions, we're helping pro customers ramp up and
assisting DIY customers to get back to work in daily life. Our task force is looking at the very best way for
us to serve our professional customers based on developing guidelines, while being mindful of the ongoing
need for safety and social distancing.

For our store teams, we're adapting and updating our standard operating procedures for customer
interaction, curbside delivery and parking lot services. Historically, we know this industry has been
countercyclical, and we're beginning to see signs of this. We're working hard to be ready to serve our
customers better than ever regardless of the environment.

Shifting to our performance in Q1. Our top line sales were significantly impacted by COVID-19 in the
quarter. While an extremely warm winter led to a softer start to the quarter, we saw sales improvement
in early March. However, as COVID-19 stay-at-home orders were implemented broadly, we experienced
significant reductions in both professional car counts and DIY retail traffic, beginning in mid-March and
impacting the remaining 6 weeks of the quarter. This led to fewer miles driven. And as a result, our top
line meaningfully declined as we detailed in our early April pre-release. Overall, in Q1, our net sales
decreased 8.6% to $2.7 billion, with comparable store sales down 9.3%.

As COVID-19 began to impact us, we quickly took steps to reduce operating expenses. However, the
impact of these actions was not enough to offset the rapid decline in top line sales late in the quarter.

Our Q1 adjusted operating income declined by 57% to $104 million. Sales during the week ending April
4 were down 28%. On a positive note, this represented the low point of the pandemic impact for AAP to
date, and our sales have been improving sequentially each week. Through the first 4 weeks of Q2, our
comparable store sales are approximately in line with the prior year. And our DIY omnichannel business is
growing double digits, significantly outperforming professionals.

While there are a number of factors here from an industry perspective, the DIY business tends to perform
well during economic downturns, as unemployment increases, new car sales decline, the car park ages
and more customers do their own maintenance and repairs. We also believe the combination of stimulus
benefits and the strong execution of our DIY marketing and sales plan, have been 2 additional drivers
helping our recent sales performance.

In terms of geographies, our Q1 performance was heavily impacted in COVID-19 hotspots. The Northeast,
Mid-Atlantic and Great Lakes regions were all down double digits and particularly challenged in major
urban markets. Puerto Rico, which is operating just 6 hours per week, and Canada also experienced large

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

double-digit declines. Our strongest performance was in the Southeast, Carolinas and Appalachia region,
which were much less impacted by COVID-19.

The difference between low performing and high-performing reasons in Q1 was more than 1,000 basis
points, representing the largest differential we've seen in recent memory. And this differential was well
over 2,000 basis points during the peak impact of COVID-19. In terms of our professional performance,
consistent with previous quarters, we delivered growth through mid-March. However, as the quarter
progressed, this segment felt extreme pressure from stay-at-home orders.

As a reminder, our Worldpac and Autopart International businesses are 100% professional and tend to
be in more urban areas. This contributed to drastic reductions in customer car counts, where we believe
customers were more likely to adhere to stay-at-home orders.

We took rapid steps to beat the needs of our customers and support them at this time of great need.
For example, our Carquest and Worldpac Technical Institutes developed virtual, constructor-led training
courses for repair shop owners and their employees. We introduced MotoVisual, a best-in-class online
platform mechanics to use to virtually explain complicated jobs to customers. Throughout the pandemic,
our professional team has stayed extremely close to our pro customers. And we expect this level of
support and adaptations will strengthen our relationships, as stay-at-home orders are lifted and business
recovers.

In Q1, our DIY omnichannel business performed better than pro with significant growth in our e-commerce
business. Our team accelerated existing DIY omnichannel initiatives and set up several new ones that
better serve our customers, both online and in-store.

Consistent with our plan announced in February, we [ launched ] our new mobile apps that is getting great
reviews and feedback from customers. As an example of the team's agility, in March, we launched a suite
of services, we've branded Advance Same Day. This includes in-store pickup, curbside and Advance Same
Day delivery, also offering contact-free fulfillment options. These initiatives were rapidly accelerated and
include a fully-integrated marketing plan that let customers know we are here for them.

As we look to Q2 and beyond, we remain focused on 4 primary areas to build on current momentum
within our DIY omnichannel business. These are: first, launch DieHard; second, build awareness; third,
drive loyalty; and fourth, execute with excellence. Let's start with DieHard. Throughout the crisis, we've
prioritized initiatives that we believe offer the potential for the best returns. One of those initiatives
is the launch of the iconic DieHard brand, which is on track for this summer. We believe DieHard is a
differentiator for Advance, and we already have customers asking for it. As customers literally restart their
engines in the coming months, many will find they need a new battery. As the most trusted brand in the
category, we believe DieHard will drive incremental growth across all channels.

Second, we're committed to building awareness of Advance. Our advertising highlights the way we help
motors advance, with CARE and with SPEED, and it features our very own team members. We're pleased
with the feedback from our customers and the response to it.

Third, in terms of loyalty, we relaunched our SPEED Perks program last year and continue to see
improvement in SPEED Perks transactions. Through our new app, SPEED Perks members can quickly view
their points and available rewards and get exclusive deals and check out faster. We're also excited that
despite our lower sales volumes, we saw double-digit increases in SPEED Perks sign-ups year-over-year.
At the end of Q1, we had more than 13 million active members, an increase of over 20% year-over-year.

Finally, our fourth area of focus in DIY is beginning to deliver measurable growth, as our execution
continues to improve. This includes increases in both UPT and sales per ticket and reductions in average
fulfillment time in Q1. In terms of ticket count, we saw extreme pressure on retail ticket counts in the
quarter due to COVID-19. However, our e-commerce business was strong, and we saw double-digit sales
improvement year-over-year in Q1. As we indicated, we've also seen a sharp uptick in DIY ticket count,
both online and in stores recently.

Now as we move on to margin expansion for the overall business, COVID-19 has required us to reprioritize
our plan. While there are still many unknowns surrounding the pandemic, I want to give you a brief

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

update on our key pillars of margin expansions: First, as we look to improve sales and profit per store,
we continue to evaluate our footprint. During Q1, we closed or consolidated 28 stores, all of which were
planned prior to the onset of COVID-19, and we opened 5 net new independent locations. Additionally,
we remaining in full execution mode of consolidating our Worldpac and Autopart International banners
and expect to complete this consolidation by year-end, as previously communicated. Once complete, we
believe we'll be able to offer a broader product assortment to our professional customers while reducing
costs. We expect to realize additional savings this year in-store labor and professional fees, as a result of
actions we took over the past few weeks. We expect that over time, we'll continue to improve our sales
and profitability per store.

Our second margin expansion priority is supply chain. We continue to execute cross-banner
replenishment, which was temporarily slow in Q1, but not stopped. We remain on-track to complete this
initiative by mid-2021.

In terms of our warehouse management system consolidation, we completed our first implementation
in one of our largest DCs for the new WMS system earlier this year. This facility is already showing
improvement in-fill rates, on-hand accuracy and other important service metrics. Student travel
restrictions and prioritization of critical projects related to our COVID response, we temporarily delayed
converting other DCs for now. Our team is focused on how we can further improve this process when the
time comes to ramp conversions back up and complete this component of our transformation agenda.

Our next pillar of margin expansion is category management. We increased our efforts even further
throughout the pandemics to collaborate with our suppliers to help ensure consistent supply and optimize
cost and terms. In addition to material cost optimization, we continue to increase owned brand expansion,
including Carquest branded parts and the upcoming launch of DieHard. I'm also excited to share that our
new pricing optimization tool is on-track to launch midyear. Once completed, we expect this to give us
much greater flexibility and agility, resulting in more effective and efficient management of pricing.

SG&A productivity is our final pillar of margin expansion. During the quarter, we reacted quickly to sales
declines with cost reduction. While these actions were insufficient to fully offset the sales declines in Q1,
they will help us going forward, and we believe we'll see more significant benefit from them in Q2.

In the first quarter, expense reductions included the continuation of our back office consolidations, which
were planned prior to the outbreak as well as the suspension of all travel and deferral of certain marketing
expenses later in the year. Related to the lower remaining CapEx, we reduced contractors and professional
fees in Q1. Further, our safety focus continues and is delivering meaningful savings in our insurance and
claims expense. I'm proud to share that we once again reduced our recordable incidents and collision
frequency rates during the quarter by 30% and 14%, respectively.

Our team has done tremendous work to help keep our team members safe as part of our COVID-19
response. Despite the additional costs we've incurred related to these efforts, I know they are helping
to protect our team members and customers and believe we will all come out of this stronger. As I said
when we began today's call, there's no playbook on how to respond to a global pandemic, but in many
ways, we've written a very good blueprint, as we benchmark versus other companies. This includes
everything from new safety measures in our stores and distribution centers to additional benefits for our
team members and new industry-leading solutions for our customers. I'm incredibly proud of all of our
team members. Because of their hard work, we believe we will emerge stronger, more innovative and
more agile than ever.

With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for details on our financial performance.

Jeffrey W. Shepherd
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I want to echo Tom's comments and extend
my personal well wishes to everyone joining us this morning. I hope you and your families are safe and
well. I also want to thank our approximately 67,000 team members and all our independent partners
for their relentless dedication and resilience throughout the past couple of months. As expected, we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

experienced headwinds associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, and our first quarter results were below
our expectations.

In the first quarter, our adjusted gross profit was approximately $1.2 billion, which was a decrease of
nearly 11% compared to Q1 of the prior year, primarily driven by decreased sales. Adjusted gross profit
margin of 43.5% declined 113 basis points from the prior year quarter due to supply chain deleverage,
product mix, and tariff-related cost increases. These were partially offset from pricing and lower LIFO
headwinds.

Our adjusted SG&A was approximately $1.1 billion in Q1 and was relatively flat compared to Q1 2019. As
a percentage of net sales, our adjusted SG&A expenses increased by 326 basis points to 39.6%. While we
took several actions to reduce costs in response to the COVID-19 pandemics, the majority of the savings
will be reflected in the balance of the year.

Given our commitment to provide a high level of service for our customers, we did not deliver the amount
of SG&A productivity that we have seen in prior quarters. In addition, as Tom said earlier, when the impact
of the coronavirus became apparent, we took measures to help protect our team members and customers,
including increased cleaning and sanitization of our stores and distribution centers, personal protective
equipment for our frontline team members and changes to our sick time policies. These actions resulted in
approximately $16 million in operational costs.

Adjusted operating income in Q1 was $104 million, which declined 57% compared to the prior year
quarter. Our adjusted OI margin rate decreased 439 basis points to 3.9% in the quarter. Adjusted diluted
EPS for Q1 was $0.91, a decrease of 63%.

Moving to free cash flow in the first quarter of this year, this was an outflow of $72 million as compared to
the inflow of $143 million in the same quarter last year. This was directly related to decreased sales and
increased working capital. In addition, higher capital expenses were incurred prior to the pandemic in Q1.

As we began the year, we planned higher capital expenditures, and we're executing on our projects as
expected. Therefore, our CapEx increased 35% in Q1 to $83 million. We will continue to prioritize projects
that we believe will offer the greatest return on investments. In addition, we've taken several other
actions to improve free cash flow, including converting a greater percentage of our suppliers on the supply
chain financing.

Given the current economic situation and uncertainty around the full impact of COVID-19, we do not
believe that would be prudent to provide financial guidance at this time. That said, we remain committed
to our long-term financial priorities to invest in the business, maintain an investment-grade rating and
return excess cash back to shareholders. As previously mentioned, we're continuing to invest in our
business and intend to prioritize projects that yield the greatest return.

Additionally, as Tom mentioned, we took steps in the first quarter to safeguard our balance sheet. This
includes borrowing $500 million against a previously unused $1 billion revolver and issuing a new $500
million 10-year note at 3.9%. This strategic offering provides us with additional liquidity at a lower rate
than our 2 outstanding notes due in 2022 and 2023, respectively.

I'm extremely proud of the speed and agility our team demonstrated through this process to bolster our
cash position and provide flexibility.

At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $1.3 billion in cash on hand, including the impact of our
financing actions in the quarter. In Q1, we repurchased approximately $29 million in our common stock.
As announced previously, we suspended our share repurchase program given the current environment.

Finally, as Tom mentioned, given the focus we have placed on our financial priorities and the work we've
done to strengthen our balance sheet in recent years, we were able to significantly increase our dividend
earlier this year. As you saw in our earnings press release, our Board has approved our Q2 dividend of
$0.25 per share.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

As we continue to manage the business through the COVID-19 pandemic, we remain committed to
improving total shareholder return over time through a balanced approach of investing in our business and
returning cash to our shareholders, while continuing to strengthen our liquidity position.

I want to reiterate what Tom said earlier. This is an unprecedented situation, and the uncertainty will no
doubt continue for some time. The good news is that our team is really stepping up to the challenge.
Across the company, our people are as committed as ever going above and beyond, as they respond
to this crisis. I truly believe we have the best people in the industry and that we will come out of this
stronger than before.
With that, let's open up the call to address your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question this morning comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

My question is -- look, the industry, it looks like miles driven down 20% to 30% across the country. Your
comps are flat quarter-to-date, and some states haven't reopened yet. How do you assess, how do you
look at the sustainability of demand? I know there's a lot of factors play, and you mentioned some of
them, but how do you assess that in the current period?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. Simeon, good question. I mean we're obviously experiencing a pretty unprecedented time. So
I can tell you what we're seeing so far. Obviously, it's very difficult to predict what's going to happen in
the future. But so far, I think there's some industry-related factors that are helping DIY. As you know,
the industry in terms of DIY, particularly has benefit in economic downturns. Any kind of unemployment
pressure means more people are going to be doing work on their own vehicles, so I think that helps. The
stay-at-home and social distancing mandates are a factor. We benchmark China, we talk about some of
the trends that are going on in China. We do hear about an aversion to mass transportation, people more
likely to using their personal vehicle, so that's going to be a factor. We've also seen, because of social
distancing and shelter-in-place, an increase in demand for items that degrade when they're not used, such
as batteries. So a couple of important industry factors. They're people at home, more time on their hands,
doing do-it-yourself projects. So those are some things for the industry at large.

In terms of Advance, we did a tremendous amount of work to ensure that our stores were safe and kept
our team members and customers healthy during this crisis. We've been on a multiyear safety journey,
as you know, and the enhanced practices that we put in place, we think, benefited us. We had the highest
NPS scores, we've had in a while during the middle of the pandemic. So that obviously, we did a good job
of preparing our stores. I think also the omnichannel capabilities that we've been able to bring to life of
health in terms of Advance Same Day, the app that we spoke about. And then finally, we just launched
our marketing campaign, which early returns are good. So when you look forward, are they going to
continue the DIY trends, it's obviously difficult to say. But to things to consider, for sure, the miles driven
is the big unknown, right? I mean you could make the case for reduced miles driven, you can make the
case for more miles driven. We do know it's likely that the fleet is going to age because new vehicle
sales are going to be down this year. I do think the -- mass transportation point is going to continue. And
there's a whole question around vacations. This weekend, we expect to see a record number of cars on
the road. People are not flying, so they're going to be driving to where they're going. So there are some
very positive things going on from an industry standpoint, a bit of a silver lining, I suppose, for the DIY
business through all this unbelievably difficult time. And then we're very optimistic about our marketing
plans. You get the full impact of our 2020 advertising. We're launching DieHard. But I have to temper that
with the unknowns that you referenced, which is are there going to be fewer commuting miles driven? Is
there additional COVID impact balance of the year? The degree to which unemployment affects people?
Those are all on the side. So that's kind of the lay of the land from our standpoint.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's helpful. If I might, just one follow-up, it's a little bit technical. Can you share supply chain costs
within gross margin, what percentage are they of cost of goods?

Jeffrey W. Shepherd
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

Yes. We didn't break out the individual components of supply chain or gross margin in particular, but we
can give you some color around just sort of the gross margin rate, which I think is probably the question
you're driving at. The -- specifically, we had cost increases, which, as we've said previously, we're going to
continue to see the headwinds from the full impact of the tariffs. That's going to subside in the back half of
2020. But Q1 and likely into Q2, we'll continue to see that. Our cold weather related categories were down
significantly year-over-year, and that impacted our product mix. And then supply chain did deleverage,
and that's directly associated with the $250 million revenue decline.

On a dollar basis, the supply chain costs were actually improved on a year-over-year basis, as we continue
to take out costs.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Do you think within your markets that you've been able to maintain your share of the DIFM business,
particularly as you've consolidated some of your stores and closed your stores? And how have your time to
fill rates trended over the last 8 weeks during the core of the crisis?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Mike, it's obviously difficult to always measure the share inside a professional. As you know, we don't get
anything on that. We do get DIY share, which we actually feel really good about. But on the pro side, I
do know that we had record membership increases on TechNet in the quarter. Bob has stayed extremely
close to the largest customers on the professional side, as have I. I've been calling the CEOs of key
large customers and trying to stay connected in this difficult time. And what we're launching now with
this -- on the pro side, which is really a fully integrated solutions package for our customers, MotoLogic,
MotoVisuals, the CTI platform, we actually feel very good about it. I mean it's going to be an interesting
couple of months. To your point, on the professional side, obviously, the large strategic accounts, the big
TechNet shops for us, we think are going to do well. It's going to be probably a little more challenging for
some of the smaller players.

So in terms of share, it's difficult to say. I do know that geography by geography, we're measuring the
sales per account and the number of accounts and all of those things you'd expect, the pro business is
improving every week, and last week was the best week we've seen. So -- once shelter in place comes
off, I think we will see a recovery on the professional side of the business to the degree of which is still
unknown, but we do expect it to improve from here.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And Tom, my follow-up is, do you think it's realistic for the auto aftermarket to plan for positive growth in
the second half of the year?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Again, it's similar to Simeon's question, it's tough to say. I mean there's a lot of things that are at
play, probably more than ever, as I kind of rattled through the factors that we've looked at, Michael. I
think on the DIY side, obviously, we're probably more optimistic just based on the way that the pandemic
has played out and the consumer behavior changes that are out there. I mean I think you're seeing
customers are really up for grabs across broader retail. And whether it's lucky or timely, I mean our
advertising hit it at the right time for us. I think we've got a lot of good initiatives on the DIY side. And I
think the industry should perform well there. I think on pro, it really becomes a function of miles driven
and what happens from here with shelter-in-place orders in some of these key geographies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt McClintock from Raymond James.

Matthew J. McClintock
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I hope you're all well, I mean your families too. So Tom, I guess 2 questions. The first one is just when
you think about the longer-term transformation that was underway prior to COVID. And maybe it'd just be
helpful, if you could kind of give us an idea of what initiatives you've actually accelerated during this time
frame? And what initiatives have actually been pushed off due to uncertainty or just prioritization needs?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. I mean, it's been an interesting case study, I think, for every company, Matt, to be borne. I
mean when this thing hits, we immediately all huddled in a virtual room and went through our list of
priorities. And obviously, we established the 3 things that we talked about in a note, which was to certainly
prioritize the health and safety of our people and our customers, number one. Number two, preserve cash
and protect the P&L during the crisis. And then we wanted to have a few people that were thinking about,
okay, what's going to happen post the crisis and how do we come out of this stronger than ever once
the crisis is over. So those were the platforms that we established. And then we took every big initiative
that we had. We put it through the lens, and we determined whether we were going to accelerate it,
continue it, defer it or stop it all together. And everything that we had was put through that lens, and
we would put a decision around it. So the examples of the accelerates. Clearly, the Advance Same Day
was an accelerate. We saw that the consumer was going to need parts urgently. We were not going to
have necessarily people leaving their own. There were shelter-in-place orders happening. So we stood up
Advance Same Day, which had been in test in a market in the fourth quarter and what was a protracted
time line to roll it out became a week -- about a week. And now we're pretty much -- we're -- I think
we're up to about 70% of national with that capability. So that's an example of an accelerate.

A defer would be something like the warehouse management system implementation on supply chain. And
this is a great project for us. We love the project. Unfortunately, to stand up a distribution center in the
lap all of the tech platforms in that distribution center, and get the building operational, you need a team
of experts that have to go into that building and help them organize things and set the building up and
set up the new warehouse management system. So we had to defer that. Now Ruben and his team are
thinking through how do we do that in a virtual environment because we're definitely not going to stop
doing that, we're going to do that. But it's delayed by a couple of months. But that -- and that's really
the process that we went through. And the narrowing of the priority is the simplification of what we were
trying to accomplish, enable us to move very quickly on things like Advance Same Day or supply chain
financing or the bond offering, which obviously helped us get secured on our balance sheet liquidity. Those
are the things that we accelerated. And then the things that get deferred, we're evaluating start-up timing
from here.

Matthew J. McClintock
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

That's hugely helpful. And then a quick one. Just you kind of implied this, but I wanted to make it more
explicit. Consumer behavior changes regarding e-commerce. Historically, this has maybe been one of the
lesser penetrated retail sub industries from a e-commerce perspective. Has that now changed completely?
Is -- on the back end of this, are we likely going to see much more accelerated acceptance by the broader
consumer of those channels?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. I mean, I think we've been studying this at length, not just inside of auto parts, but more
broadly across all of retail. I mean a lot of experts out there would say that we've just kind of moved 3
years at once in terms of omnichannel. The people who have never ordered online groceries in their lives

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

have now done so and become comfortable with it. So -- again, some were fortuitous, we launched our
app right in the middle of it. We've been working very hard at our functionality on our global site inside of
our desktop site. Obviously, the fulfillment options that we had ready to go, helped us. So yes, I think that
consumers are going to be more predisposed to order online and the investments that we've been making
over the last several years candidly, in our technology platform, in our catalog functionality and our online
experience, I think, are going to help us going forward. So I do think that it's kind of an acceleration of a
trend that we saw coming. We had a pace of change that was outlined in our 5-year plan, and I think that
just got accelerated.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs.

Chandni Luthra
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

This is Chandni Luthra on behalf of Kate McShane. I guess what we wanted to understand was in terms
of -- when you talk about traffic and ticket, and especially in more recent weeks, and comps have sort of
improved significantly, what are people buying, really? You talked about batteries, but what else is sort of
being looked at from people's basket standpoint?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think the -- in the first quarter, as we highlighted, our tickets were down significantly. Dollar per
ticket was up. I think as we moved through the pandemic and start to see the changes in consumer
behavior, you are seeing some of those failure-related categories come to light because people's cars are
sitting in their garage and they're not being used. And suddenly, they go out and they try to start it and
they find they need a new battery. So for sure, we're seeing that. I think down the road, you can see other
break-fix categories that will come to light, as people start to drive them. To some degree, we've seen
some increase in project-related work, whether that's something as simple as washing your car. I mean,
you hear people, who haven't washed their car in 30 years that have decided to go out and wash their
vehicle with their son and teach them how to wash a car. Those are things that I think you are seeing a
little bit more broadly across the consumer landscape, where you've got people sitting in their homes,
and you can only watch so much Netflix and you decide what to do and you go outside and maybe you fix
something in your yard or maybe you work on your car. So those are some of the things we're seeing.

Chandni Luthra
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

That's helpful, Tom. And if you could please throw some light on the health of independents, what are you
seeing there in terms of your 1,500 independent businesses, what are you seeing on those lines?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Sure. We feel great about our independent program. We've made tremendous enhancements in our
technology platforms and our availability. We've really worked hard on our catalog to improve it for our
independents. They're so important for us. The merchant team under Mike Broder's leadership has really
helped the inventory situation for our independents. There's a robust marketing plan this year for them
that we haven't had in the past. So honestly, I think the interest on our Carquest Independent program
is at an all-time high. And the person leading it is a great executive. [indiscernible] got tremendous
experience inside the company. I think we've provided an extraordinary level of support and we've
helped them with safety during this crisis, which has helped us. So we feel very good about it. These are
generational businesses. People who know the auto parts business code and we value them greatly.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

You mentioned in the prepared remarks that you continue to evaluate the footprint. Could you talk about
sort of how you see that evolving store closures? And is there anything, in particular, I guess, are the
stores you're closing ex Carquest stores that might be physically smaller? Or any regional markets you're
sort of favoring versus others?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, we're definitely going to put this through the COVID lens to your point, Bret. We had a plan
of a certain number of closures. I think we closed 20-odd stores in the first quarter. But as we've said
previously, that was sort of winding down. As we go forward, we're definitely looking at opportunities for
-- to refresh our fleet and strengthen the brand itself and the appearance of our stores and the customer
experience inside of the store. And once again, we -- given the changes with COVID and what's happening
and significant implications for real estate prices and construction costs and all of those things down the
road, we've got to put that through that lens because the world has changed a little bit in that regard.
So more to come on that. We're not in any position to comment on that yet, but there's a lot of new
information, I suppose, that's come to like in the last 2 months that is different than our original thoughts
going into it.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then I guess a follow-up. When you think about recent trends and whether it was stimulus
check driven or whether the unemployment bonus checks are helping. Do you see anything that would
say that the improvement demand is sort of a sugar high on government subsidies? Or is this real demand
that you see continuing into the summer months?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Again, it's difficult to say. Obviously, the stimulus helped all of retail, but we can see proportionately
auto parts versus more broad retail, at least, DIY that is, right? So I think some of the factors I mentioned
earlier, whether it's a version to mass transportation or higher unemployment rates, causing people to
need to work on their own car, [indiscernible] some of the projects on their own car. Until this thing is
resolved with a vaccine, I think that there's probably some temporary benefits for the industry.

Operator

Our next question comes from Liz Suzuki from Bank of America.

Elizabeth Lane Suzuki
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Has there been a noticeable acceleration in the percentage of our sales that are taking place online, either
Buy Online Pick Up In-Store or ship-to-home since COVID? And any numbers you can put around that, if
that been the case?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We've definitely seen an acceleration in DIY broadly, Liz. I think that proportionately more in e-
commerce, but much of the e-commerce, in fact, has been Buy Online Pickup In-Store, which is the
majority of our sales. And I think we're very pleased with the improvement that we've seen there. So
it's definitely not just a complete shift to ship-to-home, which might surprise you. But we have seen
a significant uptick. I think the fact that we have the parking lot services and we'll install a battery
for free and then we'll install a wiper blade for free, helps us in that regard. And when we started our
advertising the week of April 20, we wanted to make it very clear to customers that, that was a service

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

that we had. And I think if you watch the advertising, you'll see that we make it very clear that we have
that free parking lot services, which I think helps us with Buy Online Pick Up In-store, given the speed
convenience with which a customer can get their problems solved. And obviously, the advice they get from
our employees.

Elizabeth Lane Suzuki
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. And is there any update on the partnership with Walmart that you can share?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

We continue to work with them on the things we've spoken about in the past. They're a great partner.
You saw their performance this morning. It's a great organization. We'll continue to add parts to their
website. We said before that we're only going to do that when the experience is really, really strong
and differentiated versus other alternatives people have online, but nothing particularly new to report
there, but we're continuing to work very closely with them and grow this business. This is a long-term
partnership that we believe over time can really give customers a differentiated experience versus the
alternatives that somebody has.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.

Scot Ciccarelli
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Hope everyone's well there. Given your comments previously regarding the significant sequential
improvement every week of the quarter so far and now that comps are about flat. I guess we can assume
that comps have turned positive, probably in the last week or 2. So I guess the question is, can you help
us better understand the slope of the curve? In other words, where you're down 2% to 3%, now you're up
2% to 3%? Or was it a much greater magnitude than that?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, Scot, I hope you're safe and healthy also. I think that we did report [ weekend in ] March 28,
[ weekend in ] April 4, the enterprise which, of course, includes all of our business, professionals, DIY,
Canada, everything, was down 28% for those 2 weeks in a row. And that proved to be the absolute peak
impact, if you will, of the pandemic. It was the low point for us in terms of decline. And then from there, it
improved each week, literally, sequentially, including last week. So I think to the earlier question, I think,
Bret may have asked, we did see an increase on the week of the stimulus, but the week after the stimulus
was better than the week of the stimulus. And then 2 weeks after it was better than 1 week after. So we
are seeing that sequential improvement. And I think it's more to do with the gradual relaxing of shelter-
in-place orders. I mean, obviously, I have gone to stores, I mean, at least here in Raleigh. And I see more
cars on the road down here. I know it's very different across the country, and I'm happy to talk about that
geographically. But generally speaking, as more people start to get back on the road and get their lives
back to some semblance of normalcy, I think you are seeing us benefit from that.

Scot Ciccarelli
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I appreciate that, Tom. And I guess the question is like you had gone from down 28%. And you
commented that you've had that sequential improvement so far this quarter. If comps were overall flat,
that means the last quarter or 2 just had to be positive. And I guess I'm just trying to figure out how
positive that might be?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

The last couple -- yes, the last couple of weeks, mathematically have to be positive. You're right.

Operator

Our next question comes from Seth Sigman from Crédit Suisse.

Kieran McGrath
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

This is Kieran McGrath on for Seth. Just 2 questions from us. So firstly, there's a lot of initiatives ongoing,
including your DieHard launch, your loyalty program, dynamic assortments. And obviously, the Walmart
partnership as well. I'm curious if the time line for these have changed versus your initial plan. And what
is your ability to keep them on track amidst all these moving pieces you're seeing?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean, to the earlier question, we did put every single initiative through the COVID lens, and we
made a determination accelerate, keep, defer, stop kind of categorizing them. So to some of the things
that you raised, DieHard, we're moving rapidly, okay. Our team members cannot stop talking about
DieHard. They are so fired up about this iconic brand that we are going to launch here. We believe it
will drive people everything that we see says it will drive people to advance auto parts. So -- there was
no slowing down whatsoever with DieHard, and we do plan to launch that brand with a fully integrated
marketing plan this summer. The equity that it has is reliable. It's powerful. It's high quality. It does a lot
of really good things for Advance. The majority of the bigger value-driving initiatives we have were either
accelerated or were in line with the time line. The things that we deferred are more longer-term things.
We spoke about the warehouse management system implementation, which we know is going to take
time.

Now that said, we talked about in the prepared remarks, the cross-banner replenishment initiative, which
is simply taking stem miles out of our supply chain and rerouting stores or pointing stores at a distribution
center that's closer. That slowed a little bit, but we still feel we're on track to deliver that by the middle of
2021. So it does vary by project, but we put it through this prioritization process to determine what got
accelerated, what got deferred and what was continued.

Kieran McGrath
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And then secondly, it's a bit more tactical. On the expense side, so you discussed there's more opportunity
to reduce costs in Q2. Firstly, on that, is that going to ramp during the quarter? And how should we think
about these cost reductions going to 2H? And then on the $16 million PP&E cost. Again, I assume that is
going to go into Q2? And how should we think about these costs going to the back half?

Jeffrey W. Shepherd
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. As we think about the Q2 margins or even the balance of the year, it's obviously too early to
provide any guidance, just given the amount of uncertainty we have in the current environment. But I can
give you some color on what we see quarter-to-date, based on the sales trends that we've talked about in
our prepared remarks and Tom's commented on in earlier questions, we've seen a successful improvement
every week. And the overall comp sales are in line with the first 4 weeks of our last year's quarter. So we
do expect that the actions that we took in the first quarter to provide cost benefits through the balance of
the year.

In the second quarter, in particular, there's going to be some offsetting headwinds to these cost savings,
to the actions that we had in Q1 that are going to give us the savings in Q2. We're going to continue to
prioritize the health and safety of our team members and customers. So we do anticipate those COVID
costs to continue. This includes cleaning our stores, our distribution centers, providing the personal
protective equipment to our frontline team members. And as I said, we expect that to continue throughout
the year, the question that becomes, of course, how much will it be? A lot of it will vary state by state in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

terms of what the restrictions are will continue to be or sort of what is the new normal of retail is sort of
the way to think about it.

And then in addition, we deferred some certain marketing expenses in the first quarter. And we expect
to invest in our advertising campaign as well as DieHard in Q2. [Audio Gap] we expect the marketing
DieHard to -- they're going to drive top line benefits in the back half of 2020 and beyond, but these
factors will offset some of those benefits in the second quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Montani...

[Audio Gap]

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Michael. Well, first of all, phases are varied and then different companies have different policies
surrounding whether you can return to work. So I think we can safely say that at least the professional or,
lack of a better term, the white-collar workforce across the country is still largely working remotely. There
are some geographies that are much more impacted by COVID, though, as we called out in our prepared
remarks, the Northeast, the Mid-Atlantic, the Great Lakes, where it's so much more real. For those of you
up there, our hearts go out to you because it's just -- you can just feel it when you're speaking to people
that are up there, they know people that have been infected. They may have -- they know someone who's
passed away. It's just very, very different there than it is in Mississippi and Alabama and other parts of the
country that are less impacted. So from our standpoint, those are big geographies for us. So we're looking
forward to a relaxing of those measures. Obviously, you saw Governor Como on CNN on the weekend talk
about it and what's happening in New York. So when those things come back, we're really excited that our
teams up there will start to see some of the benefits we're seeing in other parts of the country. So that's
the -- that's kind of where it is on shelter-in-place.

What was your second question again?

Michael David Montani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Second part was just to see if the commercial side had turned positive as well, thinking DIY might be up
double digits, but I just didn't know if commercial was up?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We're still down on Pro.

Michael David Montani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. And then the last thing I had was on the expense side. SG&A dollars have been down for 3 quarters
in a row. It sounds like even though COVID expense is going to persist that the second quarter SG&A
dollars could be down more than the first quarter year-over-year. I guess, is that kind of a fair way to
think about it? And from a gross margin front, can those start to actually stabilize and turn positive in 2Q?
Or is it really more of a back half just given the tariffs?

Jeffrey W. Shepherd
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. So on the SG&A, we do think we can continue to take costs out. As I said, there are going to be
some investments, in particular, like marketing and DieHard. And then to your point, the COVID-related
expenses will continue to be a headwind throughout the year. Obviously, the question becomes how much.
That one is a little bit more challenging to predict. But again, we took significant actions very late in the
first quarter. Unfortunately, we didn't see a lot of benefit, but we absolutely expect to get that. In the back

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

half of the year. Specific to GM rate or improvement there, like we said, we -- in dollars, we improved
year-over-year in our supply chain. We had less dollars. It was just the $250 million revenue decline,
we were deleveraging. And then some of it is mix. As we said, the cold weather-related categories were
down in the quarter, which had a pretty significant impact on product mix. If we start to see those trends
changing, we could get some leverage in gross margin as well. And we will lap the tariff increases in the
back half.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Bellinger from Wolfe Research.

David Leonard Bellinger
Wolfe Research, LLC

Hope everyone is staying safe. So given the volatility of sales trends and maybe some disruptions
throughout the supply chain, has there been any difficulties around parts availability? And how are
you managing delivery frequencies now? Have you been able to flex that quickly given the changes in
demand?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I've been amazed at how well our team has collaborated together, David, during this pandemic, the
supply chain team, the inventory team and the field, they've reacted just so quickly. It's really galvanized
that group in many ways. And as you know, we had a lot of new people come into Advance over the last
couple of years. And in some ways, this has really brought them together as a team. So the overall in-
stocks on our primary SKUs have been terrific. And to your point, as we flexed hours of operation down
and adjusted replenishment frequency down, we move quickly to do that. And as it's gone back up, we
obviously use the data to make decisions on how to change that going back the other way and extend
hours of operation and then increase replenishment frequency.

Our end market deliveries continue to help us the availability of parts that we have across all of our
banners, including Worldpac, Autopart International, Carquest, Advance, we're leveraging better than
ever. So I think we look closely. I just met with the team yesterday and on our assortment work and how
we're doing on stock rates and those things given dynamic assortment, and we feel pretty good. So I think
again, speed and agility is kind of important right now to react to these ever-changing circumstances. And
I think, overall, we've managed it well.

David Leonard Bellinger
Wolfe Research, LLC

Yes, that's very helpful. And maybe just following up on some earlier questions. Can you elaborate on the
trends you're seeing in the online channel? Anything surprising in the makeup of sales that has shifted
online? And could you talk about how big maybe as a percentage of sales, the digital business has become
in the recent weeks?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We're not going to break that out, David. But I think from a trend standpoint, we definitely have seen
-- we mentioned batteries surging. We're seeing that inside of online. I think to some extent, given the
prioritization that pure online retailers have to put on the food and beverages and staples and things like
that, if you go order something, that's -- let's call it part of the proverbial long tail, those time lines for
fulfillment are pushed out, which I think helps us as a pure-play auto parts retailer, very focused with our
expertise and what we're lifting up. So it's been pretty much across the board. But I think the general
trends that we mentioned earlier, be that batteries or Wash & Wax, some of those things that are project
related, we're seeing the similar lift. But I don't think I've seen anything disproportionate to online, which
I think is your question. I think it's all boats have risen here, and we're seeing it in our retail operations.
We're seeing it in our same-day pickup in-store, same-day curb side, same-day delivery.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

The first question I want to ask is, so as we look at the recent sales trajectory, particularly the pick up
in sales lately in the DIY side. Given the data, your loyalty program, are you seeing indications of any
benefits of a channel shift? And what I'm looking at, there is clearly advance and your specific category
has been designated as essential. But have there been -- were there other venues that maybe have not
been, and then those customers are transferring their purchase into your stores?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Yes, that's a great question, Brian. It's obviously difficult to say. But I do think that retailers who have
prioritized safety broadly, and again, we've been on a multiyear safety journey. We've got a world-class
expert that we hired 2 years ago to help us with health and safety across the enterprise. And when this
happened, he stood up a pandemic team across the enterprise that is on a call daily with our entire field
organization, 7 days a week, managing all of the things that are going on, making sure the Plexiglass
fields are going up, making sure the masks are getting to our people, making sure the independents have
soaps and hand sanitizers and all of those things that are necessary in this world. And I think that we
communicated that broadly across our website, weekly with written communication, in some cases, video
communication. So I think anybody that's doing that is going to benefit from it in the short term. I think
separately to that, maybe underneath your question, the fact that we have a 7,000 square foot format
with 2 to 3 experts working in the store, might be more appealing than another box at this stage of the
game for Auto Parts, but that's purely [Audio Gap] I can't tell you I've seen anything that says that's
actually true. But that's somewhat speculative. But I think that's kind of where you're headed.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

No, that's very helpful, Tom. The follow-up question I have, I mean, clearly, as we think about either Q2
or into the back half of 2020, there's a lot of moving pieces here given the COVID-19 crisis. But you had
mentioned in your prepared comments, we discussed before, the impact of would prove to be a decidedly
warm winter on sales. But as you look through the balance of the year, do you expect that we will continue
to see the impacts of the warmer winter? Or was that really isolated to the negative impacts isolated at
the beginning of the year?

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Well, for sure, it impacts -- it did heavy, heavy impact in January-February. I mean cold weather
categories are much obviously more relevant in those months that is winter itself. There are some residual
things. If there's not a lot of snow, we don't get plows on the road, they don't tear the roads up. There's
no -- not as many pot holes, and that affects under car in some of those categories. At the moment, we
do see some softness in some of those categories, but that's not a long-term thing. I mean, we would
have experienced most of it by now. And as you get into June and July, that will subside. And next year,
we'll see what happens.

Operator

This concludes the Q&A portion of our call. And I would like to turn it back to Tom Greco for closing
remarks.

Thomas R. Greco
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

Well, thanks to everyone that joined us today. And as you've heard, we've tackled the challenges of the
quarter head-on. We believe we're in a very good position to move to the next phase of this pandemic
and eventual recovery. No matter how challenging the last few months have been, we're steadfast in our
vision of advancing the world in motion. And our vision is highlighted in our second annual Corporate
Sustainability and Social Report that we published this morning. We're very proud of that. It's all about
driving financial performance as we develop our people, reduce our environmental impact and give back to
our communities.

And then finally, as we head into Memorial Day weekend, I want to take a minute to recognize and
express our sincere gratitude for all our nation's heroes, especially those who pay the ultimate sacrifice
defending our country. We're proud to be an employer of choice for, so many military veterans, and we
look forward to increasing representation of veterans for years to come.

We're also committed to our long-standing relationship with building homes for heroes. In 2020, we are
celebrating 10 years of support to this worthy organization whose mission is to gift mortgage-free homes
to veterans injured, while serving our country. We look forward to sharing more with you on our recovery
efforts and the status of our business in August. Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 19, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

