Align Technology, Inc. NasdaqGS:ALGN
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 29, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.40

1.53

9.29

1.38

5.06

5.25

3.55

6.44

646.75

649.79

0.47

652.71

2403.15

2406.80

0.15

2894.79

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-28-2020 10:51 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.83

1.39

1.14

1.40

1.17

1.33

1.22

1.53

40.96 %

(4.32 %)

7.02 %

9.29 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate
Communications & Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Christopher Cook Cooley
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Ravi Misra
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Matthew Oliver O'Brien
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technologies Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Shirley Stacy, Vice President, Corporate and Investor
Communications. Thank you, Ms. Stacy. You may begin.

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate
Communications, Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and
John Morici, CFO.

We issued fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available
on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be
archived on our website for approximately 1 month. A telephone replay will be available today by 5:30
p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on February 12. To access the telephone replay,
domestic callers should dial (877) 660-6853 with conference number 13697560 followed by pound.
International callers should dial (201) 612-7415 with the same conference number.

As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements,
including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the
first quarter and fiscal year outlook for 2020. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and
involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may
vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.

We've posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliation and our fourth
quarter and full year 2019 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to
these files for more detailed information.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us.

On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the fourth quarter and full year then briefly discuss
the performance of our 2 operating segments, clear aligners and intraoral scanners. John will provide
more detail on our financial results, discuss our outlook for the first quarter and share our high-level
thoughts about 2020. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call
to questions.

Our fourth quarter was a strong finish to a great year with record revenues and volumes. Q4 Invisalign
shipments increased 23.9% year-over-year and marked another major milestone with our 8 millionth
Invisalign patient who started treatment in December. This rate of growth is really amazing to me given
our 7 millionth Invisalign patient was just this past May, 7 months ago. For Q4, iTero scanner revenues
increased 20.2% year-over-year with strong growth, especially from international doctors.

On a sequential basis, Invisalign volumes were up 7.4%, driven by strong growth in North America, EMEA
and Latin America, with all-time highs in those regions. We also saw strong growth from Invisalign Go
systems across all regions, reflecting continued progress with GP dentists as well as a ramp-up from
Invisalign Moderate, which launched at the beginning of Q4 in North America. For the quarter, we shipped

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Invisalign cases to approximately 67,000 doctors, of which 7,200 were first time customers. We also
trained over 5,500 new doctors in Q4, including 3,400 international doctors.

For the full year, total revenues of $2.4 billion reflect record revenues, up 22.4% year-over-year, includes
$2 billion in clear aligner revenues. In 2019, Invisalign volumes were up 24.2% year-over-year and
iTero scanner revenues were up 38.5% year-over-year. During the year, over 1.5 million people started
treatment with Invisalign clear aligners worldwide, including 447,000 teens and younger patients, which
was up 34.1%.

Now let's turn to the specifics around our fourth quarter results, starting with the Americas region. For
the Americas region, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up 4.9% sequentially and up 19.3% year-over-
year. On a sequential basis, Q4 results reflect strong growth from North American GP dentists as well as
continued strength from Latin American doctors. Year-over-year growth for Q4 reflects continued adoption
of Invisalign treatment from both orthodontists and GP dentist channels, which were up 20.5% and
17.3%, respectively. Latin America volume was up 79% year-over-year, led by continued strong growth
from Brazil. For the full year, Americas Invisalign volume was up 17.5%.

For our international business, Q4 was a great quarter with Invisalign case volume up 10.5% sequentially,
driven by strong growth in the EMEA region, rebounding from Q3 '19 summer holidays and offset
somewhat by slower growth in APAC, specifically China. On a year-over-year basis, strong Invisalign
volume of 30.1% reflects increased utilization and continued expansion of our customer base in both EMEA
and Asia Pacific region. In Q4, we trained over 3,400 new Invisalign doctors internationally and roughly
55% in EMEA and 45% in APAC.

For the year, international volume was up 34% year-on-year.

In EMEA, Q4 was a strong quarter. Volumes were up 37.3% sequentially, driven by growth in all core
markets, primarily from Spain and Italy, as well as from the teen segment which was up 50.6% from Q3
'19. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign volume was up 31.5%, driven by growth in all core country
markets, including the teen segment, which was up 38.7% from the prior year.

For the full year, EMEA volume was up 34.2%, led by Spain, Italy and France, as well as our key expansion
markets led by Turkey, the Middle East and Africa region and Russia.

For APAC, Q4 was down sequentially, as expected, following a very strong Q3 '19 teen season in China
as well as less-than-expected volume from adults, partially offset by strong volume growth from Japan.
We believe the ongoing U.S.-China trade war and economic uncertainty remained a headwind for our
consumer demand, especially for consumption of luxury goods and considered purchases.

On a year-over-year basis, APAC volume was up 28%, driven by growth across the region, led by Japan,
Australia, New Zealand, Southeast Asia. For the year, APAC volume was up 33.7%.

Overall for the teen market, in Q4, approximately 116,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign
clear aligners, an increase of 33.1% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption across all major
regions.

For the full year, total teen cases worldwide grew 34.1% to approximately 447,000 teenagers or 29.3%
of our total volume. I'm pleased with our progress treating teenagers and younger kids and the continued
strong adoption of Invisalign clear aligners globally.

For 2019, Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement was up 85% year-over-year and Invisalign
First was up 455% year-over-year for a cumulative total of 41,500 cases and 32,400 cases to date,
respectively.

Product technology and innovation continues to be a key growth driver across our regions. Over the
past year, we launched several new Invisalign offerings for both comprehensive and noncomprehensive
treatment, giving doctors more tools and choices to treat a greater range of cases from adults to
teenagers, and now kids as young as 7 years old as well as new treatment options and technology
designed to appeal to consumers who are considering or starting Invisalign treatment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

In Q4, we introduced the Invisalign Moderate Package, a 20-stage treatment option designed for
consumers whose treatment goals fall between the existing Invisalign Lite and Invisalign Comprehensive
packages and can be completed in the range of 5 to 12 months.

We launched SmileView, an online tool designed to help prospective Invisalign patients visualize a new,
straighter smile before they opt for Invisalign treatment. Align's new SmileView visualization tool is
designed to drive awareness and demand for teeth straitening using Invisalign treatment by engaging
consumers and allowing them to see a simulation of what their smile could look like.

We also upgraded My Invisalign mobile app, which previously focused on patients already in treatment,
but now includes several new features to help potential patients who are seeking information about teeth
straightening treatment, including an in-app version of SmileView. Consumers can use the app to take a
selfie and instantly visualize how their smile can transform after Invisalign treatment.

Our consumer marketing efforts are designed to build the category and drive demand for Invisalign
treatment through a doctor's office. We invest over $100 million each year in consumer marketing
programs, including TV, digital and social media, PR, event marketing as well as our Patient Concierge
program. Our goals are to make the Invisalign brand a household name worldwide and to motivate
consumers to seek Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office.

In Q4, we continue to see strong engagement with consumers and had over 5.3 million unique visitors on
invisalign.com sites for a total of 18 million year-over-year. Other key metrics showed increased activity
and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q4 quarterly slides.

For our iTero scanner and services business, Q4 was a very strong quarter with better-than-expected
revenues, up 6.6% sequentially and 20.2% year-over-year, driven by strength from all regions. Q4
volumes reflect continued commercialization of the iTero Element 2 and Element Flex scanners, especially
for orthodontists in North America, the continued rollout with our major DSO partners and increased sales
internationally, especially in Japan.

2019 was a great year for our iTero business with total revenues up 38.5% year-over-year. Cumulatively,
over 20.5 million orthodontic scans and 4.7 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero
scanners.

Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case submission continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst
for Invisalign utilization. For Q4, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas
increased to 79.5% from 73.5% in Q4 of last year. International scans increased to 64.7%, up from
57.5% in the same quarter last year. What's really exciting is to see that within the Americas, 93.3% of
cases submitted by North American orthodontists are submitted digitally now.

We are pleased with the continued progress of our iTero business and remain confident that it will continue
to help drive our overall growth and help increase the adoption of our digital platform with Invisalign
treatment.

With that, I'll turn the call over to John.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Thanks, Joe.

Now for our Q4 financial results. Total revenue for the fourth quarter was $649.8 million, up 7% from the
prior quarter and up 21.7% from the corresponding quarter a year ago.

For clear aligners, Q4 revenues of $543.6 million was up 5.3% sequentially, with strong Invisalign volume
from EMEA and North America. Year-over-year, clear aligner revenues growth of 22% reflects strong
Invisalign growth volume across all regions. Clear aligner revenue growth was unfavorably impacted by
approximately 1.3 points year-over-year from foreign exchange.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Q4 Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially by approximately $20 to $1,240, primarily due to discounts,
mix and unfavorable foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 Invisalign ASPs increased
approximately $5, primarily reflecting price increases in all regions and increased additional aligner
revenues, partially offset by promotional discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange and product mix
shift.

Total Q4 Invisalign shipments of 413,700 cases were up 7.4% sequentially and up 23.9% year-over-year.

Our scanner and services revenue for the fourth quarter was $106.2 million, up 16.6% sequentially due
to volume increases in EMEA and Americas. Year-over-year revenues were up 20.2%, primarily due to
volume increases in EMEA, APAC and the Americas as well as higher services revenues from our increased
installed base.

Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 72.6%, up 0.6 points sequentially and
up 0.9 points year-over-year.

Clear aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 74.1%, up 0.6 points sequentially, primarily due to
lower freight and training costs and lower number of aligners per case, partially offset by lower Invisalign
ASPs. Clear aligner gross margin was flat year-over-year, primarily due to lower training costs and a slight
increase in Invisalign ASPs, offset by an increase in aligners per case.

Scanner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 64.9%, up 0.8 points sequentially, primarily due to
manufacturing efficiencies, partially offset by lower ASPs, and up 5 points year-over-year primarily due to
manufacturing efficiencies and higher service revenue and scanner ASPs.

Q4 operating expenses were $320.8 million, up sequentially 3.4% and up 22.2% year-over-year. The
sequential increase in operating expenses primarily reflects our continued investment in sales and
marketing and R&D activities, partially offset by lower litigation expenses. Additionally, the third quarter
included a $6.8 million benefit from the settlement of our Invisalign store leases.

Year-over-year, the increase in operating expenses reflects higher spending commensurate with go-to-
market activities, offset by lower legal expenses.

Our fourth quarter operating income was $151.2 million, up 18.9% sequentially and up 25.5% year-over-
year. Our fourth quarter operating margin was 23.3%, up 2.4 points sequentially and up 0.7 points year-
over-year. The sequential increases in operating income and operating margin are primarily attributed to
improved gross profit and reduction in litigation expenses.

Operating margin was impacted by approximately 0.6 points year-over-year from foreign exchange.
The third quarter operating income included a $6.8 million benefit from the settlement of our Invisalign
store leases, which increased Q3 operating margin by 1.1%. On a year-over-year basis, the increase
in operating income and operating margin primarily reflects higher gross profit and operating leverage,
partially offset by continued investment in R&D, geographic expansion and go-to-market activities.

With regards to fourth quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 22.2%, which includes approximately $5.8
million of tax benefit related to a tax audit settlement.

Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.53, up $0.25 sequentially and up $0.33 compared to the
prior year.

Moving on to the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2019, cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities, including both short and long-term investments, were $868.6 million, an increase of
approximately $86.7 million from the prior quarter, which is primarily due to higher cash flow from
operations. Of our $868.6 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $590.1 million was
held in the U.S. and $278.5 million was held by our international entities.

Q4 accounts receivable balance was $550.3 million, up approximately 3.5% sequentially. Our overall days
sales outstanding was 76 days, down 3 days sequentially and up 2 days as compared to Q4 last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $218.2 million. And free cash flow, defined as cash
flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $175.6 million. Our business continues to
have a very strong cash generation.

Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $42.5 million, primarily related to our continued
investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities.

During Q4 2019, we repurchased $100.5 million of our stock against our stock buyback authorization and
have $100 million still available for repurchase under the May 2018 Repurchase Program.

Before we move to the Q1 outlook, I would like to make a few comments on our full year 2019 results. In
2019, we shipped a record 1.5 million Invisalign cases, up 24.2%. This reflects 34% volume growth from
our international doctors and 17.5% volume growth from our Americas doctors.

Shipments of our iTero scanner were up 29.7% over 2018.

Total revenue was a record $2.4 billion, up 22.4% year-over-year, with clear aligner revenues of $2 billion,
up 19.8% year-over-year. Clear aligner revenue growth was impacted by approximately 2.6 points year-
over-year from foreign exchange.

2019 iTero scanner and services revenues were a record $38.1 million (sic) [ $381.1 million ], up 38.5%.

Full year operating income of $542.5 million, up 16.3% versus 2018 and operating margin at 22.5%.
2019 operating income also includes a litigation benefit of $51 million and Invisalign store closure costs of
$23 million for a net positive impact on operating margin of approximately 1.2%. Operating margin was
unfavorably impacted by approximately 1 point year-over-year from foreign exchange.

Free cash flow was $597.6 million, up $266.2 million versus 2018.

For the year, we repurchased over 1.8 million shares of ALGN stock for $400 million.

2019 diluted earnings per share was $5.53.

Before I comment on the demand outlook, I wanted to take a minute to talk about the corporate structure
reorganization to relocate our European headquarters from the Netherlands to Switzerland in Q1 and the
implication to our GAAP financials.

As a result of the corporate structure reorganization to relocate our European headquarters from the
Netherlands to Switzerland in Q1, our Q1 2020 GAAP tax rate will reflect a significant onetime tax
benefit associated with the recognition of a deferred tax asset related to the intra-entity sale of certain
intellectual property rights. This deferred tax benefit will be amortized starting in 2020 and will continue
into subsequent quarters and years. The period over which this tax benefit will be recognized depends on
the profitability of our Swiss headquarters and therefore is uncertain at this time. Management ordinarily
assesses the health of our business with regard to these types of onetime events and believes this
reorganization will make it difficult for investors to assess our core underlying financial performance were
we to report solely based on GAAP. Therefore, we will supplement our GAAP information with non-GAAP
measures going forward. Beginning in Q1 2020, in addition to our GAAP results, we will present non-GAAP
measures that exclude the aforementioned tax impact, along with certain other items that may not be
indicative of our fundamental operating performance, including discrete cash and noncash charges, in
order to present investors with greater transparency into our core business operations.

We will present GAAP, non-GAAP and a reconciliation in our earnings release and conference call materials.

With that, let's turn to our Q1 outlook and the factors that inform our view. Q4 was a strong quarter with
record volumes, and we expect to enter Q1 with this momentum from both the Americas and the EMEA
regions.

For the Americas region, we expect Q1 to increase sequentially with growth from North America
orthodontists and GP dentists.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

For international, we expect Q1 volumes to be down sequentially. We expect demand to be up sequentially
as momentum continues from Q4. However, we expect the growth to be offset by a sequential decrease in
APAC, primarily due to the expected impact from the novel coronavirus in China.

We expect our iTero business to be down sequentially, following a seasonally strong Q4 and consistent with
seasonal trends in capital equipment market and fewer sales in China.

Many of you have been following the news regarding the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus in
Wuhan, the capital of the Hubei province in China. China is one of our largest country markets and
represents roughly 8% of our total revenues. It is home to hundreds of employees across China.
Thankfully, we are not aware of any employee or family member who has contracted the novel
coronavirus.

The situation in China is very fluid, and we are closely monitoring it. We are in contact with all relevant
agencies globally. The Chinese government has implemented travel bans and has essentially shut down
public transportation in Wuhan. It has also issued public warnings to avoid all nonessential medical and
dental procedures for the time being. Some government-run hospitals and private clinics are following suit
by instructing patients to stay home unless it's an emergency.

While we do not believe there is any impact to our product safety due to the stringent health and safety
procedures ingrained in our manufacturing processes, we are taking additional precautions across China
to minimize the risk of spreading illness to our internal teams, including additional protections and health
screening procedures as well as travel restrictions. Given the increased uncertainty and disruption to our
employees, doctors' practices, their patients and consumers, we believe it is prudent to reduce our outlook
for Q1 to reflect the increased risk.

Therefore, for Q1, our outlook reflects approximately 20,000 to 25,000 less Invisalign cases and $30
million to $35 million less revenues for Invisalign and iTero products sold in China.

In addition, we are also absorbing $3 million to $4 million in idle China manufacturing plant and treatment
planning capacity, which results in approximately 0.5% gross margin impact.

With this as a backdrop, we expect the first quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is
expected to be in the range of 396,000 to 406,000 cases, up approximately 13% to 16% year-over-year.

We expect Q1 revenues to be in the range of $615 million to $630 million, up by approximately 12% to
15% year-over-year. Our supply agreement with SDC was terminated December 31, 2019 and hence our
Q1 2020 revenue outlook does not reflect any SDC volume as compared to the same quarter a year ago
when non-Invisalign aligners supplied to SDC contributed about $5.7 million to revenue.

On a GAAP basis, we expect Q1 gross margin to be in the range of 71.5% to 72%. Q1 gross margin is
expected to be down sequentially from slightly lower ASPs, driven by lower mix of China volume and idle
China manufacturing and treatment planning capacity in our facility in Ziyang.

On a non-GAAP basis, we expect Q1 gross margin to be in the range of 71.7% to 72.2%, excluding stock-
based compensation from gross profit. We expect Q1 GAAP operating expenses to be in the range of $345
million to $350 million, which reflects our continued investments in go-to-market activities along with our
annual increase in employee compensation expenses.

On a GAAP basis, Q1 operating margin is expected to be in the range of 15.4% to 16.5%. On a non-
GAAP basis, we expect operating margin to be in the range of 19.5% to 20.5%, excluding stock-based
compensation from operating income.

On a GAAP basis, our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately negative 1,400%, which includes
approximately $1.4 billion of tax benefit associated with the recognition of a deferred tax asset related
to the intra-entity sale of certain intellectual property rights resulting from our corporate structure
reorganization. This deferred tax benefit will be amortized starting in 2020 and continue into subsequent
quarters and years. The period over which the tax benefit will be recognized depends on the profitability
of our Swiss headquarters and therefore is uncertain at this time. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

onetime benefit from the intra-entity sale of certain IP rights, as mentioned above, and the tax benefits
related to stock-based compensation, we expect our tax rate for Q1 2020 to range from approximately
22% to 23%.

Diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 79.1 million, exclusive of any share repurchases.

Taken together, we expect our Q1 2020 GAAP diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $18.65
to $18.74. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.19 to $1.28 from
excluding the onetime tax benefit from the intra-entity sale of IP rights, as mentioned above, and the
stock-based compensation-related expenses.

In addition, as we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect capital expenditures for Q1 to be
approximately $95 million to $100 million, and we expect depreciation and amortization to be $23 million
to $25 million.

Now let me turn to our view for the full year 2020. As I just described, the situation in China surrounding
the novel coronavirus is very fluid. While our Q1 outlook includes our best view of how the coronavirus will
impact our business in the first quarter, it is very difficult to predict and forecast the longer-term impact.
Therefore, we are providing you with our best view of 2020 prior to the novel coronavirus outbreak so that
you can use it as a baseline from which to build your models for the year. This means that you will need to
make your own assumptions about how the coronavirus outbreak impacts our business over the remainder
of 2020. Beyond the Q1 outlook and our commentary for 2020 below, we will not provide specific 2020
guidance at this time. We will continue to monitor the situation closely and update these comments when
appropriate.

With that, our outlook for 2020, notwithstanding the impact of foreign exchange rates and the novel
coronavirus, is as follows: We anticipate total revenue growth for the company, Invisalign and iTero to be
at the low end of our long-term operating model target of 20% to 30%.

We anticipate Invisalign volume to be at the low end of our long-term growth model target of 20% to
30%.

On a GAAP basis, we anticipate 2020 operating margin to be slightly above our 2019 operating margin
of 22.5%. We also expect our long-term operating margin range of 25% to 30% to remain unchanged.
On a non-GAAP basis, we expect 2020 operating margin to be approximately 3.5% higher than our GAAP
operating margin, excluding stock-based compensation from operating income.

On a GAAP basis, our 2020 tax provision will include approximately $1.4 billion of tax benefit in Q1
associated with the recognition of a deferred tax asset related to the intra-entity sale of certain intellectual
property rights. This deferred tax benefit will be amortized starting in 2020 and continue into subsequent
quarters and years. The period over which this tax benefit will be recognized depends on the profitability
of our Swiss headquarters and therefore is uncertain at this time. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding
the onetime tax benefit from the intra-entity sale of certain IP rights, as mentioned above, and the
tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, we expect our tax rate for 2020 to range from
approximately 22% to 23%.

With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, John, and thanks to those of you joining our call today.

Overall, 2019 was a great year for Align, and I'm very pleased with the strong performance for both our
Invisalign and iTero businesses. Not only did we celebrate our 22nd year in business, but we also achieved
several major milestones, including our 8 millionth Invisalign patient, $2.4 billion in revenue for the first
time.

As we kick off 2020, we're very concerned for the safety and health of our employees, customers, doctors
and their patients in China. Their well-being is our top priority, and we are doing what we can to ensure

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

that they are in good hands. We are working with our local teams to donate medical supplies and provide
funding to help combat the outbreak.

Like SARS in 2003, the coronavirus is already having a major impact on China and may expand to other
countries around the world. I saw and experienced this impact as the CEO of GE Healthcare. We expect
that like SARS and MERS before it, in time the virus will be addressed, the markets will assume an
equilibrium and our business in China will continue to grow. The timing of this is uncertain, but the future
growth opportunity for our business in China is certain.

While we are mindful of the increased uncertainty in China and its impact on our Q1 outlook, it's important
to take a step back and remember that our business is broad and deep. We have a strong growth in other
regions and are seeing strong momentum in the Americas, across EMEA and in all other countries in APAC,
especially Japan, Australia/New Zealand, Southeast Asia, Taiwan and Korea.

In closing, I want to share with you a few thoughts with you regarding the future of our industry. Never
before have I seen an amount of change in products, technology, distribution channels and business
models. Align has always believed that the market opportunity for clear aligners is significantly larger than
the underlying orthodontic case starts each year. We believe that over 300 million people want a better
smile and the best way to access that potential patients is through doctors, using a digital approach with
iTero scanners and the Invisalign system. Our partnership with doctors is a critical part of how we win with
consumers, and we will continue to insist that patients visit a doctor in person for Invisalign treatment.

If I could leave you with one thing, it's that Align is not just a provider of the best clear aligner in the
industry, and our clear aligner is not just a piece of plastic. Align is founded on digital -- IT, data, artificial
intelligence, software, algorithms, digital scanning and 3D printing. We are the largest mass customized
business the world has ever seen. Each Invisalign aligner is the output of millions of lines of code and
thousands of digital actions that allow us to ship 0.5 million customized Class II medical devices a day.

As a digital leader, we must continue to provide doctors with the best technology and tools to help them
treat any patient. In 2020, we expect to bring several new products and systems and services to market,
but we must provide more than just individual products. In digital, you pick a platform, not a product. You
pick a company you believe in for the long term. Digital dentistry is being driven by products like iTero
scanners and Invisalign clear aligners, and we believe our digital platform is setting the foundation for
the future of dentistry. Align and our doctor partners are sitting on the edge of one of the biggest areas
of growth that dentistry has ever seen. I'm very excited about what this means for our business and
continued growth prospects in 2020 and beyond as we continue to transform smiles and change lives.

With that, I want to thank you again for joining the call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as
the year unfolds. We'll see many of you at the Chicago Midwinter Meeting next month as well as industry
and financial conferences throughout the year, including our Analyst Meeting on May 12 in New York City.
Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Joe, maybe just to start on China. The revenue headwind that you guided to, I think, is kind of 60% or
so of your kind of total China volume. Can you talk maybe just about what you've seen so far in January
to kind of -- that you used to kind of inform your estimate of the case and revenue impact. And if we
continue to see this play out, can you kind of help us think about how we should frame the impact going
forward?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Nate, I think we framed it as well as we can in the first quarter. I mean, and that's what we can see right
now. I think our responsibility when you think about it is, we're through January right now. We can take
a look at our order rates and we can responsibly make the prediction that John just did, that we've got
20,000 to 25,000 cases that we think we're going to be pressured on. The unfortunate part of this whole
thing is, we say we're on the dark side of the moon right now because of the Chinese New Year and our
order rates drop off to a point that you hardly see them. And it's not just now. It's been every year since.
And since the government there has extended the holidays for another week or so and it could go on, we
really don't have -- we just take our best guess on that 20,000 to 25,000. We're not ready to project. I'm
not ready to project anything into the second quarter and the rest of the year. Remember, going back to
SARS, I talked about -- I was involved in that with GE Healthcare, is that remember, it took 6 months from
the initial infection rate, all the way to -- not that it ended, but it actually stabilized and things got back in
gear again. So we know that it'd be more than the first quarter that will be impacted, but none of us are
ready to give any kind of a forecast as to the extent of that.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

That's fair. And then maybe just a question on the Americas GP growth. There's a nice acceleration in the
quarter. Utilization also ticked higher. You've obviously put a lot of investment into that channel. Can you
maybe just talk about some of the traction that you're seeing among the GP base that you serve?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. There's multiple levers we pull in that sense, right? We have more of a segmentation around GPs
today from a sales standpoint. You'll see that accentuated as we go into 2020. We have a product called
iGO that it just fits the workflow aspect of GPs extremely well. Then you have to add to that the extra
salespeople we put in last year. A lot of those salespeople were making GP calls because there's only
so far you'd go for the orthodontic community. And the last part of that, we have a huge amount of
increased advertising from a consumer standpoint. I read about the consumer hits for new interest in
Invisalign which are pretty outstanding when you look at it from a year-to-year basis. So it's really all
those variables we see are being put in place to help to drive that growth.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Just a quick one on China. So a quick one on China. How is it impacting the training of the doctors in
China? Obviously, it's impacting your revenues, but is it impacting the overall expansion of your business
there as well so that as we think about the number of doctors and think about the number of dentists
there that will be registered Invisalign users, how do we think about the impact this is going to have on
that as well?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Kevin, honestly, it's a good question because that is a variable in the equation you have to think of. So
right now, you can imagine when you have a contagion like this, you don't want a lot of people hanging
out together. And Chinese government knows that, and we know it, too. Our training facilities are in
Shanghai and also at Chengdu. Obviously, there's infection rates in those areas, but they're not like the
major provinces that have been impacted so far. But my anticipation is, after the holidays, we'll just have
to watch and see exactly what develops in the different provinces in China and what that means. If it's not
a big issue in Shanghai or at Chengdu or whatever, obviously, we'll bring doctors in and train them. But
we're not in a position to even guess on that right now. But it's a great question. It is a key variable. And
as things develop, we'll certainly come back after the first quarter and let you know.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And just one quick follow-up. As we talk about sort of expectations around margin expansion embedded in
your 2020 guidance. Can you give us a little bit of apples-to-apples on what your -- if we were to sort of
back into your non-GAAP gross margin or operating margin expansion, like what's sort of embedded in the
non-GAAP side year-over-year?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes, Kevin, this John Morici. Yes, we would expect it to be slightly up, both on a GAAP and on a non-GAAP
basis for operating margin as well as gross margin.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

John, first one is for you. Just to clarify that the full year '20 commentary that you gave us, does that
reflect a weaker first quarter from China but the rest is up to us or does it not reflect the Q1 hit? Just
wanted to clarify that.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

It's the latter. It does not reflect any impact from China.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

No impact from China. Okay. That's helpful. And then, Joe, again, just sticking on the China theme. If we
think about over the last year, the rates of growth that you guys have experienced in that region have
been all over the place. From your perspective, what do you sort of view as sort of the new normal there
in terms of once we get beyond the infection outbreak, is it 20%? Is it 50%? Do you have a updated view
on it?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

John, I don't. I mean because, obviously, we're in a storm right now and just trying to get through what
that looks like. As I said in my script, if you think about as we came off the third quarter, we got a really
good teen season. We didn't have as much of an adult pickup in the fourth quarter as we had hoped. But
again, it was double-digit growth and still robust growth, but not the 50% to 60% that we've enjoyed in
China for several years. So I'd say, John, I'd like to give that to you. I can't reliably give it to you now, but
it's double-digit growth. We continue to make our investments. We continue to be excited about China. It's
our second-biggest market. We don't think that's going to change, but we certainly got to get through this
cloud before we can give you something definitive in that sense.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

So I'm going to throw out a couple of growth rates on China just trying to do some implied math. I mean,
with 20,000 to 25,000 fewer cases in 1Q, it seems like you're implying that China is down 50% year-
over-year in the first quarter in case volumes. And that would even be considering coronavirus is sort
of not there for the entire quarter from a rev rec standpoint. So is that in the ballpark that we're seeing
sort of that magnitude of a decel? And then maybe the follow-up to that first question would be, more
importantly, what do you think about these cases? Are they lost? Are they delayed? Are they some sort of
a combination of the 2?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Jon, this is John. I think you're in the ballpark, I think, when you look at what we see from China. I mean,
certainly, last year was significant growth in Q1. And this year, obviously, impacted by the coronavirus.
It's difficult to say from a -- are the cases lost or delayed and so on. They're certainly, for this time period,
they're not happening. It's difficult for us to see afterwards, after this period of time to see whether those
cases come back or not. But at least for the first quarter here, we're assuming that they're not going to
come into the quarter.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then maybe just shift gears. I don't want everything lost on China. Joe, you highlighted,
and I think for the first time, quantified the number of MAS and Invisalign First cases, pardon me. I think
the summation was around 75,000 out of 450,000 teen cases for the year. So this has quickly become
15% to 20% of your teen cases. Maybe if you can just talk to that. Do you still see hyper-growth for those
2 offerings into 2020 and beyond? And maybe there's an update on palatal expansion as well.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Jon, yes, I'm really excited about the MAS growth when you see that. And remember, MAS, too, it's kind
of age contained. It's a growth aspect between like 10 years old and 12.5 years old where that really
fits. But when you take MAS and you combine that with First, that is about 20% to 25%, including palate
expansion of the teen marketplace. So the idea that, that's 15% to 20% of our teen cases as you talked
about matches up pretty well in the sense of what we're seeing in the marketplace overall. I do think you'll
continue to see this hyper-growth out there. It is a great solution. I mean, look at teen first and how it
works. You don't see it, Jon, but we continue to improve MAS all the time. We learn about anchorage on
back molars and certain kinds of teeth and whatever. We program those things. We have silent releases.
But piece by piece, we get better at being confident in moving those Class II things forward. So overall,
we're excited about it. I'm confident about the technology.

Lastly, on the palate expansion piece, we know how to make this. We have the right kind of software to
develop it. The trick is finding something that you can actually scale from a manufacturing standpoint and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

get consistent properties with it. And I feel that we've been closing in on that rather fast. So we'll give you
more of an update as we go into the investors conference in June -- I mean, in May and more specificity
around that kind of a launch date.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Joe, I have 2 for you. Just going back to your comment on your experience with SARS, the last time and
the impact on the business you were running there at GE, can you maybe just give a little bit more color
on what's the definition of stabilization and kind of maybe just talk through some of the visibility that was
able to come into focus and how that happened over that 6-month time period and then I have a follow-
up.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Rich, it's really interesting. As I say, when I talk about stabilization, it means infection rate. When
you start to get to that plateau about not an increase in infection rate, but a decrease, and you'll see
that. That's kind of the deceleration. And that indicates that it's kind of under control. Again, what I
learned in 2003 about China is, and I think in the Western world we miss this sometimes. It's how much
influence the overall government influences there. You can see they change holidays. They lock down
cities. They take drastic measures to try to deal with these things. It's something that's really unheard
of from a Western world standpoint. And I think we kind of have to respect that. That it's a society that
will respond to these kind of things in a way that we're not necessarily used to, which is actually good for
the population because they're just trying to isolate it and contain that thing because depending -- that
virus hasn't been quantified yet with exactly its infection rate, meaning how many people are infected per
person that's infected, but the numbers are jumping around but this is in the area of SARS. And so I think
the best proxy we can have right now is a SARS side. So that's the 2 things. Just one is, when it plateaus,
when fewer people are being infected and you see that curve start coming down. And then secondly is,
how fast the Chinese government will move. And that's why we're staying close with what's going on there
and just staying behind the government and trying to support their actions. Okay, Rich?

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. Okay. Just a follow-up here on -- I appreciate the operating margin guidance,
excluding the China factors here. But let's just say there is some extended impact moving through the
year. How are you thinking about your approach to operating margins if there were to be kind of an
extended shortfall in revenues from that region? And would you kind of go full blast on the spend or is
there a target that you'll kind of look to on preserving leverage?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Rich, this is John. It's probably too early to tell that now. I mean, like we said, we're kind of in the dark
side right now of the extended Chinese New Year. We'll see how things progress as we come out and
make that assessment. I mean, as we've talked about a number of times in our business, there's a lot
of different levers that we can pull or not pull based on the conditions that are going on in a particular
market, and we would assess that as well with China.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler.

Matthew Oliver O'Brien
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Just a couple here. One was asked a little bit earlier just about the deferral of these cases. I mean, if
they're locking everybody down in China at this point, it's not like they're going to be getting brackets and
wires. So I'm just trying to figure out why this wouldn't come back in eventually? And then if it were to
come back in, say, in a Q4 time frame or something like that, could you do upwards of 50,000 cases in a
quarter? So like all of this would come running back to you fairly quickly if the all clear was signaled?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Matt, could we do 50,000 cases? Yes. I mean, we have capacity. We have both treatment capacity and we
have bleed off capacity, obviously, through Mexico and Costa Rica if we were overwhelmed in China and
what we have there, too. But Matt, my experience in this business is that things don't happen like that.
That you don't get this kind of a bow wave that comes after something like this. And so it's not that you
lose those cases. From an adult standpoint, they just get pushed out into the future, but they don't come
back to you all at once. It's just latent demand. The only exception I would make to that, that I would
guess that the teen season because teens are kind of timed based on their age, that you have a little more
of what I call bolus effect there. You have a bow wave that you really capitalize on teens, but it wouldn't
occur that way with adults.

Matthew Oliver O'Brien
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. Can you give us -- so it's fair to assume that this is not lost revenue, it will come back at some time.
Can you give us any sense for the split between the 2, teen versus adult over in China?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

No. At this point in time given what we're seeing over there, I can't even guess that. If you're asking for
historical splits, I don't think we've shared that data in the past. And just know that our third quarter is
always our biggest quarter in China. And it's the biggest because it is teen season. So if you take that
look, historically, you'd see what those numbers look like on adult versus teen.

Matthew Oliver O'Brien
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Got it. One quick one for John, just on gross margin. It's come down over the last kind of 3 years to the
low 70s in 2019 and a lot of moving parts here, but how do we think about that metric going forward? Are
we kind of getting close to the bottom on that metric or should we expect more kind of annual erosion of
that metric?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Well, I think you saw that our gross margin improved 60 basis points in Q4 from Q3. And we would
look into the future to expect that with the cases that we do, sometimes more difficult versus even the
noncomprehensive cases, we know how to drive that gross margin, and we'd expect to see improvement
in 2020 and beyond.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

I wanted to try to maybe put a rosier lens potentially on China for just a second so we can consider the
possibility that things do resolve. One is -- and sorry if I missed this, but did you give China growth for
the fourth quarter? And then the second part of it is, if this ends up isolated to Wuhan or the provinces
surrounding Wuhan, how does that change your view on the impact to the business?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Steve, it's Joe. It would obviously change it because now you segment what the issue is in China, but
I don't have a guess in a sense of what that would mean. I mean, when you think about it, obviously,
Shanghai is a big part of our business and more north of that Beijing is, too. I'd say the coastal provinces
or whatever have always been pretty big. So I think a comment would be, if it's just isolated to Wuhan or
generally isolated to Wuhan, the effect won't be as dramatic, but I can't -- I really can't quantify it, Steve.
And I find it kind of surprising that not that the infection rate is going to reach the other provinces the way
it has Wuhan, it's just the Chinese government will take the same steps there to make sure that whatever
infection that they do have in those regions don't end up being like Wuhan. That make sense?

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

It makes a lot of sense. And I'm sorry, did you give a China growth rate for 4Q?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

No. We didn't, Steve. It's similar growth that we saw in Q3.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Perfect. And then, John, just a couple of quick ones for you and then I'll drop back in the queue.
One is, are you willing to give folks a sense for how much of the benefit on the margins in 2020 there is
tied to the wind-down of the Netherlands facility or some of the legal expenditures winding down? And
then can you give a sense for what your assumption is for pricing year-on-year and the outlook for 2020. I
really appreciate the color.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes. When you look at some of that litigation and some of those entity restructuring programs, it impacted
us in 2019 by about 1 point of op margin. So essentially, that's a benefit for us in 2020, and that's part
of our expansion. But when we look at the expectations for 2020 and a comparison versus 2019, we
would expect margin expansion, whether you're using GAAP or non-GAAP based on the leverage and the
investments that we're making.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Joe, I don't have a question about China. Actually, I want to talk about the U.S. Curious if you've seen any
or just curious to get your latest views around just the competitive environment between DTC and in the
office. And also noticed you put Frank Quinn in a new role in terms of Head of the U.S., curious about the
rationale behind that and whether that's a reflection of a bigger focus on perhaps the DSO channel?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

I think, Brandon, that's a good question. Actually, that's a good, deep question. First of all, I mean, you
saw our growth in the Americas for the fourth quarter. It's good, accelerating in the GP channel and good
progress in the ortho channel. So obviously, I feel good about -- I talked about on the previous caller in
the sense of the investments we've made in salespeople and advertising products and all that we have in
those different channels. And we look at that going forward, we feel good about that capability.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

From a DTC standpoint, we've always stuck with what we said. I mean, we know that DTC will go after
some of the same patients we do, but we haven't necessarily felt an impact in that sense. And you see
us pushing hard in the sense of our product and portfolio to go after that. We talked about 100 million
patients that we think want treatment from an orthodontic standpoint in North America.

Other competitors, honestly, they're out there. I can't say that we've made any price moves against them.
We haven't necessarily felt that we have lost any significant volume in any consistent way. And so I don't
have anything different to report from that standpoint than I did the previous quarters when we had that
kind of discussion.

I think when you're hearing about that too, Brandon, it's what -- I think we've been consistent for the last
2 years. And I talked about at the end of my script about this digital platform, there's a lot of work you
have to do to compete in this marketplace. It's not like just I could probably produce a plastic aligner and
then I can have a material difference in how Align is effective in the marketplace. There's just so many
things you got to be good at in this business from a logistics standpoint, from a manufacturing standpoint,
your digital platform, how it serves consumers and what it does with docs. You've got to be able to play
really well in multi-dimensions. And I'm not saying that none of our competitors will reach that. They're
just not at that scale right now but I think that it's made a tremendous difference to us in any way.

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Then the question about...

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

On Frank, I'm sorry, John just reminded me. On Frankie, look Frank's a great commercial leader, right?
I know he's associated with DSOs and he helped to put us on the map with DSOs with his leadership.
But overall, Frank, he came here with good external experience from a sales and dental standpoint. He's
really helped the business that way. And I thought he's a perfect pick for us to really help to, I'd say, to
really help us not just extend what we do, but he'll put a lot of focus from a commercial standpoint in our
business. So we're excited about Frank. He has a good relationship with Simon, who has great experience
from Europe also and taking some best practices there and implementing them. And so we're excited
about Frank and Simon and broadly, the North American team.

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Then a question about Invisalign Moderate. Any early feedback you can share on that rollout? Is an
international launch in the works? And just curious about your thoughts in terms of whether you might
see more trade up from Invisalign Lite rather than -- more so than trade down, perhaps, from a more
comprehensive case for those patients?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think we haven't actually documented much trade up from Lite in that product line as most of it had
been trade down from Comprehensive. But remember, when you trade down on this product line, it still
has a gross margin, so it's accretive to our business and not decretive in that sense. So we're allowing
more choice for our patients, allowing more choice for our doctors, but we're not doing this to an extent
that it really hurts our operating profit.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Joe, I missed the prepared remarks, so I'll go back to the transcript on that. But just a question, one
other on China. And maybe you addressed it, but are you seeing any bleed outside of China, any of the
tangential markets where patients are also hesitant to go to hospital settings, dental settings, dental office
settings, things like that, any early indications of anything brewing like that?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

No, Jeff, nothing like that so far. We haven't seen anything anywhere around the world in that sense. Hong
Kong has been kind of locked down since the protest or whatever so it's hard to get a signal out of there
one way or another, but Taiwan, Korea, some of the neighboring countries, Southeast Asia, we haven't
seen anything.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

All right. That's helpful. And then at the GP Summit late last year, Joe, you made a big effort, I thought, to
kind of at least put in, in people's head the idea of around a $2,500 price point, $3,000 price point, things
like that. We've anecdotally been hearing some guys dropping their prices there to compete more against
the DTCs. We did some survey work, though, and didn't find that at all. In fact, I think GPs and orthos
both thought their price points that they'd charge patients going up over the next 12 and 24 months. Just
what are you hearing on a more consolidated basis? Are these docs willing to kind of go aggressively after
this lower comprehensive or noncomprehensive market and use some of your newer product to do that
and really get after that 100 million patient population in North America?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jeff, it's funny -- not funny, but it's really interesting. There's a lot of noise out there, right? And
it's just your question is, how do you pull signal from noise out of this whole thing? And what we feel is,
obviously, there's a lot of doctors, both GPS and orthos. There is a segment, a significant segment of them
that see really a clinical build, meaning you don't have to do a complete bite reconfiguration. You can
responsibly move the anterior teeth to give a good smile without having to move molars and other aspects
of what's going on. Those doctors that are seen as progressive is, hey, maybe I'll fix the anterior teeth for
a lower price and then move to a full bite correction at some point in time the patient wants to go. We see
both orthodontists and GPs, a certain segment of them really engaging in that sense.

So we feel confident there's enough doctors out there that want to hit this kind of a price point, and we'll
do it in a very efficient way. Some of them look at it doing with maybe 2 or 3 touches with a patient rather
than constant touches every few weeks and using remote monitoring and those kind of things to see how
patients are going. So we actually feel that there are doctors out there with a limited product that will
engage in that sense and be able to go after these, what we'd call price-sensitive DTC patients who are
looking for just really an aesthetic correction and not a bite correction.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

My China questions also have been addressed. I'm going to go non-China for a moment. Just a question
on the total ASPs. For the portion of ASP that was down sequentially due to the promotional discounts that
you alluded to, just curious for more color around that, whether that's related to maybe higher volumes
being achieved by individual practitioners, kind of like what happened in mid '18 that nobody probably
wants to relive if they can help it? Or is this perhaps related to maybe a greater mix of DSO business,
maybe more discounts for groups, maybe less related to individuals? Just more color around the discount
that you alluded to.

John F. Morici

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes. I think, Steve, as you look at it, we run promotions on a regular basis to be able to drive volume,
drive behavior. We see a mix effect of that as well where in Q3 there was maybe more ortho cases and in
Q4 more proportionally GP cases. But as we said, as I said really throughout 2019, we expected our ASPs
to be relatively flat throughout the year, notwithstanding FX. And if we looked at where things were a year
ago, we're up $5. And if you look at the FX impact to that, it was a negative $15. So you're going to have
puts and takes as you go through the quarters, but we saw relative consistency throughout the year on
our ASPs.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ryskin with Bank of America.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

The same, a lot of the China questions have been sort of fleshed out. I want to follow up on Steve's
question just now and sort of, how do you think about that moving forward, the ASP component, as we
move through 2020? You highlighted some of the moving pieces you had in 2019 and historically. And
you've also got a shifting portfolio mix, a shifting geographic mix, especially with some of the China
events going on. Just want to get a sense of how you're thinking about both discounts, promotions, the
Advantage Program and the mix shift evolving over the next couple of years. So net-net, how do you
envision ASPs trending down?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes. It's a good question, Michael. I mean, you think of it, just think of them separately for once and
then will go together. So if you look at it separately, if you look at the Comprehensive product, relatively
consistent. There's not going to -- from a promotion standpoint, everything else you would expect,
consistency in those ASPs, same way from a noncomprehensive product. But when you see the interaction
between the 2, as noncomp grows faster, you could see ASPs to be flat to be slightly down as a result of
that mix. And as we said, and as we saw in the fourth quarter, where ASPs, even if it's at a lower ASP,
it still comes with a higher gross margin. And we saw that in the fourth quarter. We expect that going
forward. So when we look to the future, ASPs, of course, get the headlines, but we're really focusing on
driving that gross margin and operating margin.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. And quick one, if I may, as well on the scanner segment, on the iTeros. Strong end to the year,
but still sort of not nearly at the same pace you had early. And I realize part of that is the stacked comps,
but there's also been a lot of noise in the market with some other competitive entrants throughout 2019.
Can you talk about anything you're seeing in iTero, if it's tied to some of your DSOs where you've sort of
exhausted the pool of the installs that you had when you signed on board with them or if it's something
from the competitive landscape you're seeing?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

I still felt great about the growth in the iTero business for the year, right, was up 38%. And you're right. I
mean, when you look at the capital equipment market and any medical business, right, the fourth quarter
is usually the biggest one that people are looking at. What they're going to do from a CapEx standpoint,
they buy. So it was a tough comparison year-over-year, but still growing 20%.

I think the best way to think about this, Michael, there's competition out there. We feel really good about
our digital platform that iTero represents, how it competes against any scanner really out there. And you
see that it's doing well on restorative, too, as well as from an orthodontic standpoint. So we think we're
really competitive. But as you -- I think back to your question is like, how do you model that thing going

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

forward? I think you model that at our 20% to 30% growth rates that we have given you for our business
in general. And that's what we've done through the many years we've had iTero so far is keeping that
range. Sometimes we've been outside that range, but on the upside or whatever. But long term when you
model it, think of 20% to 30% and a significant amount of that being some services revenue, too, that
really helps in that.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Crédit Suisse.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Follow-up on iTero. I guess what's the early feedback on the 5D scanner and how should we think about
the overall opportunity on that front?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

The doctor feedback, Erin, it's Joe, on the 5D scanner has really been great. I mean, the ones that really
use it to scan every patient when they come in, they're picking up caries or cavities at a rate that are
almost 2x of what they can actually visually see or see through an X-ray, and that's driven a lot of new
business through those docs. And so a lot of this information comes in EMEA, obviously, outside the United
States because the FDA hasn't approved that yet. So we see these near-infrared technologies that were
being used to see cracks in teeth and caries in teeth as really helping from a cash flow standpoint from a
doctor in the cases they're seeing. And secondly, it's helping patients in that sense to be able to identify
issues that you can get at a little more proactively before they really become an issue.

As far as 5D in the United States, I think we've said that I'm never going to guess when the FDA says yes.
I've been in the Class II medical device business for too long. But our expectation is in some time in the
first half that we'll get 5D approval through the FDA.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley with Stephens.

Christopher Cook Cooley
Stephens Inc., Research Division

And also, thank you for taking a shot at China. I know that's a really fluid situation for you guys this
evening. Just from my perspective, can we go back to 30,000 feet and just looking at the guidance for '20
in terms of growth ex China. You're talking about towards the lower bound of the LRP plan there, so let's
say 20% to 25%. Why wouldn't growth inflect higher after the deceleration from '18 to '19, which is pretty
meaningful. Could you maybe just help us parse out whether it's the challenging part of comps, if it's the
difference in the consumer mix, competition. Just want to try and understand why that wouldn't inflect
back up with the strong volume growth that you're seeing globally here in 2018 and 2019, independent,
obviously, of China.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Chris, this is John. It's a good question. I mean, when we look at the investments that we're making,
we invest into, as you said, that long-term growth model, where there's international expansion. We're
going to continue to expand and grow into countries. We're going to continue to grow our utilization,
whether it's on the ortho side or the GP side. We look at how we exited, we felt really good about fourth
quarter, felt good about coming into this year. But we want to make sure that as we invest and as we
continue to grow, we can give you information that we see. And as we look at the year and as we look at
our investments, this is the best information that we can get. Of course, as we invest, we always look for
additional opportunities, whether it's growth in other markets, increased utilization and so on. And those
are things that we'll do. China gets a lot of the headlines now because of what's happening there, but

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

the rest of our business is a good growth opportunity for us, and we're making investments within those
areas.

Operator

The last question comes from the line of Ravi Misra from Berenberg Capital Markets.

Ravi Misra
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Two quick questions. Just on the balance sheet, both of them. Number one, just inventory days have been
creeping up throughout the year. Historically, it's been a pretty good working capital business. Can you
help me understand why that's the case and what's the kind of new normal expected there? And secondly,
with almost $870 million on the balance sheet, just in terms of capital allocation, maybe help us think
about any changes to the current kind of philosophy of share repurchases.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Ravi, this is John. I'll take the first one on iTero or the balance sheet with the inventory. The majority of
that increase is on the iTero side as we transition to products with Element 1 to Element 2 and then to
5D, there's just some timing related to that. But that as we start to sell more 5D and as we increase our
volume on iTero, that inventory will come down. On the Invisalign side, it's pretty consistent to what our
growth has been.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

I think, Ravi, on the cash on the balance sheet, obviously, this company is an amazing cash generator in
that way. Yes, I just want to re-emphasize, Ravi, we're not in the general dentistry business, so don't look
at us going out to broaden the portfolio in any particular way. We're building what we talked about when
I closed about a digital platform and investing in that digital platform is where we're focused on. So when
we have our Investor Day in May, we'll reapproach it in the sense of the share buyback and what we think
we'll be doing with that cash in the future.

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations

Thanks, Ravi. Thanks, everyone. That concludes our conference call today. We appreciate you taking the
time. As a reminder, we did send out information today of the date for our Investor Day in May, May 12 in
New York City. If you have any questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may
disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

