Alliant Energy Corporation 

NasdaqGS:LNT
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, May 08, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.54

Revenue  (mm)

979.61

0.72

915.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-22-2020 11:20 AM GMT

33.33

0.46

2.42

2.58

(6.52 %)

816.61

3746.42

3916.07

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

0.44

0.92

0.43

0.54

0.40

0.94

0.44

0.72

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

(9.09 %)

2.17 %

2.33 %

33.33 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Susan Trapp Gille
Manager of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Alex Morgan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotia Howard Weil, Research
Division

Michael P. Sullivan
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's conference call for First Quarter
2020 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn
the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.

Susan Trapp Gille
Manager of Investor Relations

Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We
appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO.

Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment
community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter financial results
and reaffirmed the consolidated 2020 earnings guidance issued in November 2019. This release as well
as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of
our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on
this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks
include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night. And in our
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-
looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures.
The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the release and our 10-Q, which
will be available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com.

At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Sue. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll start with a review of several
actions we've taken to continue our critical service to our customers and communities during the current
pandemic. I'll draw your attention to Slide 2. These are indeed unprecedented times and brings to life
the values that guide our every decision. One of those values is caring for others. We understand the
responsibility that comes with the essential service we provide. The Alliant Energy team has taken several
steps to continue safe and reliable service to our customers and communities. We're focused now more
than ever to ensure uninterrupted energy delivery. So those on the front lines can help those in need,
businesses can operate and provide critical products and services, charitable organizations can support
those most vulnerable and our customers can focus on their health and well-being.

Like many of you, we've adjusted the way we work, and many of our employees now work from home.
We've made changes to our operations to ensure we can safely keep the lights on and the gas flowing.
We're following the important guidance from the CDC, maintaining physical distances and adding
additional precautions like wearing face coverings and gloves when the situation requires. And we're
rotating shifts for certain functions to limit exposure and business disruption. Another one of our core
values is to do the right thing. Temporarily suspending disconnections and waiving late fees for our
customers was the right thing to do. In addition, we knew that now was the time for a creative way to
keep rates low and predictable for our customers. We filed a proposal in Wisconsin to keep customer rates
steady through the end of 2021. This filing is a continuation of our ongoing efforts to maintain among the
lowest rates in the state. And in Iowa, with our continued focus on cost reductions and the new renewable
energy rider, we do not anticipate filing an electric rate review for the next couple of years.

When the health crisis first started, we reached out to our nonprofit partners to understand the unmet
needs in the communities we're so privileged to serve. Over the past several weeks, we've made

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

donations to several local charities such as food banks, the American Red Cross and the United Way.
We also provided a $2 million contribution to the Hometown Care Energy Fund to support families who
need assistance in paying their bills. And through a partnership with Iowa State University, we've been
providing 3D-printed face shields to local medical facilities and health care workers. I think we can all
agree that times like these is when the social part of ESG matters the most.

Despite the disruption in many personal impacts this pandemic has had, our employees' commitment to
our customers and communities has been remarkable. I'm proud to work for Alliant Energy and thankful
for all our teams are doing to help our customers. They're living our values and delivering on our purpose
to serve customers and build strong communities.

Times like these also require accurate and real-time monitoring and energy use. It allows us to make
better decisions. The important investments we made in smart meter technology has been a critical
part of our planning efforts. Since the crisis began, we've spent time to understand the impacts on our
customers and demand for our services. Robert will address the trends we're seeing across our residential,
commercial and industrial customer base. However, I want to mention 3 important factors to keep in
mind, as Robert outlines the impacts. One, we have a diverse customer base and operate in 2 constructive
regulatory jurisdictions; two, we have summer pricing in place in our Iowa business; and three, our
larger commercial and industrial electric margins include both an energy and demand component. We've
managed through many economic cycles over our 100-year history, and drawing upon that experience,
we're keeping a strong focus on our operational and financial discipline. Therefore, I'm reaffirming our
2020 earnings guidance of $2.34 to $2.48. We remain committed to our 5% to 7% growth target and our
60% to 70% dividend payout ratio.

Our first quarter of 2020 was a solid start to the year, both financially and operationally. This was a direct
result of the planning and execution of our long-term strategy, designed to focus on customer costs, smart
investments and advancing a clean energy future. Despite operating in a time of great uncertainty, we
continue to make great progress advancing our transition to a more efficient, modern and balanced energy
portfolio.

In the first quarter, we achieved another major milestone when we placed 400 megawatts of new wind
into service for our Iowa customers. These 2 new wind farms, the Whispering Willow North and Golden
Plains were completed on schedule and below budget, continuing our long track record of meeting or
exceeding expectations established when we request construction authority from our regulators. And we're
on track to install an additional 200 megawatts of new wind for our Iowa and Wisconsin customers by
the end of this year. This will complete the full 1,000 megawatts of renewable investment approved by
the Iowa Utility Board and also 150 megawatts of renewable investment approved by the Public Service
Commission of Wisconsin.

Our experience in planning, developing and constructing renewable energy resources puts us in a great
position to advance even more renewable energy for our customers. We are now entering the regulatory
approval phase of our 1,000 megawatt solar build-out in Wisconsin. We are in advanced discussion with
developers and anticipate filing a Certificate of Authority for approximately 2/3 of the 1,000 megawatts
by the end of this quarter. Our Wisconsin solar investments will be enough to power more than 260,000
homes with clean and affordable energy from the sun.

The expansion of the Wisconsin renewable resource portfolio was a result of a year-long voluntary
resource planning process we call the Wisconsin Clean Energy Blueprint. We started the Iowa Clean Energy
Blueprint process and plan to share our proposal -- our proposed resource plan for Iowa toward the end
of this year. These plans balance many important goals, including reliability, affordability, building stronger
communities and the impacts the transitions may have on our talented and dedicated employees.

I'm pleased to report that we're making great strides towards achieving another major milestone in our
generation transformation strategy. West Riverside Energy Center, located near Beloit, Wisconsin has
met several key testing criteria. We anticipate this 730-megawatt highly efficient natural gas resource
to be completed below budget and in time to meet the upcoming customer demand. This resource
will bring significant benefits to our customers through lower fuel costs and continued reliability as a
complement to the renewable resources in the Midwest. Alliant Energy is committed to providing reliable,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

economical energy and also in a sustainable manner. I'm very pleased to report that the Institute for
Sustainable Infrastructure has awarded our West Riverside Energy Center with its highest certification,
which is Platinum. This certification recognizes our commitment to construct sustainable projects
and reinforces our commitment to environmental stewardship in collaboration with local communities
and landowners. Congratulations to our West Riverside team for accomplishing this important and
distinguished achievement.

In closing, let me summarize the key messages. We are continuing to provide safe, reliable and affordable
energy to our customers, advancing our clean energy strategy, on schedule and on budget, ensuring
our investments are efficient and customer focused, and delivering solid returns for our investors and
continuing to focus on the safety, health and well-being of our employees, customers and communities.
Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I will now turn the call over to Robert.

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2020 GAAP earnings
of $0.70 per share compared to $0.53 per share in the first quarter of 2019. Our utilities had higher
earnings year-over-year, driven by higher electric and gas margins from increasing rate base and timing of
income tax expense. These increases in earnings were partially offset by lower sales due to warmer winter
temperatures in the first quarter and higher depreciation expense. We have provided additional details on
the earnings range drivers for the first quarter on Slides 3 and 4.

The solid start to the year accounts for approximately 30% of our 2020 earnings targets and allows us to
reaffirm our 2020 earnings guidance of $2.34 per share to $2.48 per share. The key drivers of the growth
in 2020 EPS are related to investments in our core utility business, including WPL's West Riverside wind
facility and IPL's wind expansion program. These investments were reflected in IPL and WPL's approved
electric rates for 2020. As John indicated, like many of our utility peers, we are expecting lower retail sales
in 2020 due to the impacts of a pandemic.

As noted on Slide 5, we experienced a 4% increase in residential sales in April, driven largely by more
people working from home. Our residential customers represent nearly 50% of our retail electric margins
and every 1% change in annual residential sales increased for approximately $0.02 of earnings per share.
On the commercial and industrial side, the story is different. Our C&I sales decreased by 13% in April, and
every 1% change in annual C&I sales increased to approximately $0.02 of EPS. Under an assumption that
the more significant pandemic-related sales declines extend through the end of the second quarter and a
slow recovery through the end of the year, we are forecasting approximately 5% lower overall retail sales
this year. We are positioned to continue our long track record of delivering our earnings growth targets by
mitigating COVID-19 impacts, as noted on Slide 6. We will accelerate transformation activities and reduce
discretionary spending to lower costs, offsetting a large portion of the COVID-19 impact. In addition, both
the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin and the Iowa Utilities Board have issued orders authorizing
use of regulatory accounts to defer incremental account costs related to COVID-19. Lastly, during times
of low energy prices, like now, we have an opportunity to capture and keep a portion of fuel cost savings
through WPL's fuel sharing mechanism, which is also expected to help offset a portion of the COVID-19
impacts in 2020.

Modeling our quarterly earnings this year, it is important to note that the projected increase in earnings
for 2020 will not be recognized ratably throughout the year. For example, IPL's interim rate increase went
into effect April 1, 2019, thereby skewing more of the full year increase in earnings to the first quarter
of 2020. Also, the timing of wind production tax credits and excess deferred income tax amortizations
are recognized will cause quarter-over-quarter fluctuations in earnings. We expect favorable earnings
variances from the timing of tax expense to continue through the first half of the year and then reverse in
the second half of 2020.

Slide 7 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our 2 utilities and our
consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of negative 12% for 2020. The primary
drivers for the lower tax rates are the additional tax credits from new wind projects being placed in service
and the return of excess deferred taxes from federal tax reform to our customers. The production tax

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

credits and excess deferred tax benefits will flow back to customers resulting in lower electric margins, but
the decrease in the effective tax rate is largely earnings neutral.

Our strategy includes continued focus on providing affordable energy to our customers. In Wisconsin, we
are holding electric and gas base rates flat through 2020 by using federal tax reform benefits and lower
fuel costs to offset the cost of utility investments.

Earlier this month, we proposed an extension of the current Wisconsin electric and gas rates through
2021.

As summarized on Slide 8, we are proposing to use additional fuel cost reductions and tax benefits to
offset the increased revenue requirements in 2021 associated with rate base additions, which includes
the 150-megawatt Kossuth wind project and the Western Wisconsin gas pipeline expansion. And since
the duration of the impacts of COVID-19 is unclear, we are seeking [ intrical ] treatment for bad debt
and retirement plan expenses and the flexibility to adjust regulatory liability and escrow mechanisms to
address the possible impacts on 2021 sales demand.

Finally, the 2021 rate filing, the continuation of our current authorized ROE of 10%, our current authorized
common equity component and a regulatory capital structure of 52.5% and our current ROE sharing
mechanism.

Turning to Iowa. We plan to reduce our electric customer bills with $35 million of credits related to federal
tax reform benefits and in rebate refunds. We also expect increased reductions tax credits and significant
fuel cost reductions to flow back to Iowa for customers in 2020 as a result of further expansion of wind
generation and low natural gas prices. Our Iowa gas customers are also expected to see benefits in 2020
due to lower energy efficiency charges as a result of 2018 Iowa legislation. As we look to the future in
Iowa, we have taken further action to reduce costs for our electric customers with the addition of new low-
cost wind PPAs and the termination of the delay normal PPA later this year, both of this will begin saving
our Iowa electric customers money in 2021.

Moving to our 2020 financing plans, which are shown on Slide 9. During the first quarter, we took steps to
improve our already solid liquidity position. These included 2 debt offerings. First was the refinancing of a
$300 million term loan for our nonregulated businesses. And second was the issuance of $350 million of
30-year debentures by Wisconsin Utility. Both debt deals were well received by the market with favorable
interest rates, allowing us to lower our overall average cost of debt. In addition, in March, we also issued
the common equity planned in 2020 from our equity forward agreements, generating proceeds of $222
million. With these actions, we increased our current liquidity to approximately $1.2 billion, including
cash and borrowing capacity under our credit facility and our sale of accounts receivable program. Our
remaining financings planned for 2020 include issuing up to $300 million of long-term debt by Iowa Utility.

And with the execution of our equity forward agreements, we have no further material equity issuance
planned for the foreseeable future. With a large portion of our 2020 financing plan already complete and
only $350 million of debt maturities over the next 2 years, we believe we are well positioned to respond
to any potential disruptions in cash flows that may result from the pandemic. We may adjust the financing
plan if market conditions warrant and as our external financing needs are reassessed.

Lastly, we have included our regulatory initiatives on Slide 10 with 4 notable development so far this year.
First, IPL received approval from the Iowa Utilities Board to implement final retail electric rates and the
new renewable energy rider in February. Second, the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin granted
its construction authority for the Western Wisconsin pipeline expansion in March. Third, we filed WPL's
2021 rate stabilization plan for electric and gas customers, which I outlined earlier. And finally, both state
commissions have approved accounting deferral orders related to COVID-19 incremental costs. These
regulatory initiatives are important components of our overall operational and financial goals for 2020 and
2021.
We appreciate your continued interest in our company and look forward to connecting with many of you
virtually over the coming months. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the
question-and-answer session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.

Alex Morgan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

This is Alex Morgan calling in for Julien. And congratulations on the results. So I wanted to check in
specifically on O&M. I know that you mentioned in the prepared remarks, a little bit about some expenses
that you're going to cut to be able to balance some of the COVID impacts. But I was wondering if you
could talk maybe specifically about O&M and how you were factoring that in originally in 2020? And then
maybe the year-over-year expectation now?

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Great, Alex. So we had a number of items that bringing 580 megawatts of wind are riverside. So we
had some O&M increases in coming into 2020, and we had some offsets as well. So we were expecting it
to be relatively flat coming into the year. Certainly with the COVID impacts, we know we have to further
reduce -- the good news here is we've had a lot of work internally on planning for cost reductions. So we'll
see some acceleration of plans that we had. Certainly, this isn't the first time we've had to react for our
company during economic downturns. So we'll take a look. There are a number of levers that we have to
reduce costs so we would see addressing that here this year. And maybe for a few more details, I'll see if
Robert wants to add a couple of points.

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Alex, maybe to give you some sense. So coming into the year, we expected as John indicated,
maybe just a slight decrease on them. But we're going to benefit from the fact that our pension costs
are expected to be lower in 2020, largely because of the favorable returns we saw in '19. And as John
indicated, the remainder of the decreases are largely related to elimination of discretionary spending.
Think of that as cost we incur for travel and employee expenses that have been suspended at this point
in time as well as some contractors that we are no longer are going to pursue. And then as John also
indicated, quite a bit of acceleration of some of the planned transformation activities where we're going
through and reevaluating processes across the organization that gain some efficiencies and automate
some of our tests. So we feel well positioned to be able to execute on those and offset these sales
declines.

Alex Morgan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And one more question from me. I was wondering around the Wisconsin filings, if you could maybe
provide a little more commentary, your expectations if you expect interveners to understand the filing and
to largely be okay with it, especially with being able to use some of those fuel savings to balance out the
rate base increase. I'm definitely interested in hearing about that. And then potentially, any expectation
around timing when we might be able to see a final result? And that's it from me.

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Great. And certainly important that we maybe start out thinking about we've had great productive
conversations with our regulators and intervenors, thinking about getting ready for not only the
stabilization filing, but also work that we're doing on our Clean Energy Blueprint. So a lot of work going
in. And I would say that we've always had a very collaborative and transparent process. So there are a
number of levers. And as we put forward, now is the right time to think about introducing a couple of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

these important projects, our Kossuth project, namely is one of those that we'd be able to put forward as
well as our West Riverside. And then I have a number of these offsets that could keep customer rates flat.
So we've had a lot of productive discussions, felt that went well, and we appreciate that. As far as timing,
Alex, I would -- I think we're looking at maybe roughly third quarter timing, obviously, that's subject to
making sure we have all the information and respond to questions that the regulators have. But we feel
comfortable with the filing. We think it's the right thing to do for customers.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel of Scotia Bank.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotia Howard Weil, Research Division

First question on the WPL filing. Can you get a little more specific, there's a comment in the slide and
in the filing about using regulatory mechanisms to address estimated COVID impact on 2021 sales. Can
you just dig a little deeper into that in terms of how you'd quantify that? I believe that's not adjusting for
weather, just COVID specifically, right?

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

And this is Robert. That is correct. And so as part of our filing, we requested the ability to go back into
the later date. And potentially use some of the regulatory liabilities that we've accumulated through cost
reductions, including fuel cost, sharing mechanisms and ROE sharing mechanisms to be able to offset any
potential impacts on 2021 sales demand because of COVID-19. Because we don't know the exact impact
of that yet next year, we won't likely until we get probably later in the year, we just asked for the ability to
come back in at a later point and address it then.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotia Howard Weil, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then the next question I had was, I believe you said you're expecting a 5% overall
reduction in sales this year from COVID-19. Can you break that up by customer class for us?

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I think you could probably look very -- at the slide that we put out there as a breakdown between
the increase in the residential sales and the decrease in the commercial and industrial sales. So think of
that profile is pretty consistent. And we do expect some increase in the residential side and then the offset
to the commercial industrial. So the residential is probably going to be a net 3% to 5% positive, and the
commercial and industrial are likely to be around the 10% to 13% that we identified.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotia Howard Weil, Research Division

Well, then just the math of it, wouldn't that suggest it would be down 9% for the full year?

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that's just for the second quarter, and then we'll have a slower recovery through the remainder of the
year. So you can look at the direction of residential.

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Yes. Andrew, John here. Certainly, we see minimal, as we noted, minimal in Q1, we certainly see Q2
as being the major impact right now and then having a gradual but slow trajectory for the balance of the
year. Certainly recognize that's not necessarily going to be linear. We know there's going to be some ups

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

and downs. So we've done quite a bit of scenario planning and think of it as an aggregate of a number of
what if plans put together, as Robert noted then comes to around that 5% overall decline.

Operator

And our last question today comes from Michael Sullivan of Wolfe Research.

Michael P. Sullivan
Wolfe Research, LLC

I hope you are as well. Just on the 2020 guidance. I think last quarter, you guys indicated that you were
tracking to the upper end of the range. And just wanted to confirm whether that's still the case? Or if
you're able to indicate where within a range kind of post what you're seeing on the COVID side of things?

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Great question. Thanks, Michael. One thing to keep in mind, we do have a range in guidance weather
normalized. So this is important to keep that in mind. But as we thought about reaffirming, we certainly
have a target for being at the midpoint of that guidance, weather normalized.

Michael P. Sullivan
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. So weather normal, but not normalizing for COVID?

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Correct. We do plan on offsetting the COVID-19 impact. So at the end of the year, when you look at our
temperature on normalized and non-GAAP EPS, we'll be targeting that midpoint of the current guidance
range of $2.41.

Michael P. Sullivan
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And just curious, in one of the footnotes on the rate filing indicated, assuming that WEC and won't
exercise your options in West Riverside. Have they given you that indication? Or is that just kind of the
mechanics here? You guys are assuming that? Or just any color on the expectation on that front?

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Michael, just based on the timing for this 1 year stabilization, nothing more than that as a base
planning assumption.

Susan Trapp Gille
Manager of Investor Relations
With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 17, 2020, and
at (888) 203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or (719) 457-0820 for international. Callers should reference
conference ID 417-5543 and 109578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the
prepared remarks made on the call, will be available on the Investors section of the company's website
later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with
any follow-up questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

