Ameren Corporation NYSE:AEE
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, February 19, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.42

0.46

9.52

0.76

3.46

3.50

1.16

3.76

1395.81

1328.00

(4.86 %)

1531.43

5988.23

5794.00

(3.24 %)

6317.75

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-19-2021 2:51 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.71

0.89

1.47

0.42

0.59

0.98

1.47

0.46

SURPRISE

(16.90 %)

10.11 %

0.00 %

9.52 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew Kirk
Director of Investor Relations

Martin J. Lyons
Chairman & President of Ameren
Missouri

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of
Ameren Missouri & President of
Ameren Services

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations.
Thank you. You may begin.

Andrew Kirk
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as
well as other members of the Ameren management team joining remotely. Warner and Michael will discuss
our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update, then we will open the call for
questions.

Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is
accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited.

To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com home
page that will be referenced by our speakers.

As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain
statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include
those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial
performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking
Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk
Factors sections in our filings with the SEC.

Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance,
are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted.

And here's Warner.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I begin our discussion of
year-end results and other key business matters, I will start with a few comments on COVID-19 as well as
the steps we have taken to deliver safe, reliable electric and natural gas service to our customers during
the recent period of extremely cold weather in our region.

To begin, I hope you, your families and colleagues are safe and healthy. While COVID-19 has driven a
great deal of change, I can assure you that one thing that remains constant in Ameren is our strong
commitment to the safety of our coworkers, customers and communities. So, too, is our strong focus on
delivering safe, reliable, cleaner and affordable electric and natural gas service during this unprecedented
time.

We recognize that millions of customers in Missouri and Illinois are depending on us. I can't express
enough appreciation to my coworkers who have shown great agility, innovation, determination and a keen
focus on safety while delivering on our mission to power the quality of life.

And while we are focused on addressing the challenges associated with the pandemic and achieving
our mission each day, we never lose sight of our vision, leading the way to a sustainable energy future.
Despite the significant challenges presented by COVID-19, I look to the future with optimism, not just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

because vaccines are now being distributed to millions around the world, but also because of how our
coworkers stepped up and addressed a multitude of challenges and capitalized on opportunities in 2020
that will clearly help us achieve our vision.

Speaking of stepping up to challenges to ensure that we continue to deliver on our mission and vision, our
team has been tirelessly working over the last week to ensure that we continue to deliver safe and reliable
electric and natural gas services to millions of people in our service territory despite the extremely cold
weather that we are experiencing in our region.

As you know, the extremely cold weather has created significant challenges to maintain the safety and
reliability of the energy grid in several areas of the country. Understandably, the cold weather has driven a
significant increase in customer demand for electric and natural gas service.

At the same time, the extreme weather has resulted in natural gas supply disruptions and limitations,
operational issues at power plants and transmission constraints. Combined, these extraordinary
circumstances that several regional transmission organizations to implement emergency operations
protocols, which include controlled interruptions of service to customers in several states, most notably in
Texas. Not surprisingly, these same set of conditions resulted in significant increases in power and natural
gas prices in the energy markets.

To date, we have not experienced any significant reliability issues in our Missouri or Illinois businesses as
past investments in energy infrastructure have paid off.

In addition, the strong operation of our gas storage fields in Illinois and coal-fired energy centers in
Missouri, as well as our robust interconnections with gas pipeline suppliers and the power markets, have
played a major role as well. Rest assured, we will continue to actively manage this challenging situation
for our customers.

Turning now to Page 4. Before I jump into the details of our accomplishments and strategic areas of
focus, I want to reiterate the strategy that has been delivering significant long-term value to all of
our stakeholders. Specifically, our strategy is to invest in a robust pipeline of rate-regulated energy
infrastructure. continuously improve operating performance and advocate for responsible energy and
economic policies to deliver superior value to our customers and shareholders. As always, our customers
continue to be at the center of our strategy.

I am pleased to say that our actions and performance in 2020, as well as our strategic areas of focus for
the future, are strongly aligned with our customers' and shareholders' expectations to lead the way to a
sustainable energy future, which brings me to a discussion of our 2020 performance.

As I said earlier, we delivered strong financial and operational performance in 2020. Yesterday, we
announced 2020 earnings of $3.50 per share compared to earnings of $3.35 per share earned in
2019. Excluding the impact from weather, 2020 normalized earnings increased to $3.54 per share or
approximately 6.6%, from 2019's weather-normalized earnings of $3.32 per share.

With our customers' and shareholders' expectations in mind, we made significant investments in energy
infrastructure in 2020 that resulted in a more reliable, resilient, secure and cleaner energy grid as well as
contributed to strong rate base growth at all of our business segments.

Consistent with these objectives and despite COVID-19 challenges, we successfully executed on a robust
pipeline of investments across all of our businesses. In 2020, as outlined on this page, we also achieved
constructive outcomes in several regulatory proceedings that will help drive additional infrastructure
investments that will benefit customers and shareholders while keeping our customers' rates affordable.
The bottom line is that we successfully executed our strategy in 2020, which will drive significant long-
term value for all of our stakeholders.

Turning to Page 5. Here, we highlight the significant progress we made in an area that has and will
continue to be a significant area of focus: sustainability. Last September, we announced a transformation
of clean energy transition plan that effectively balances environmental stewardship with reliability and
affordability. In particular, we established a clean energy goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050 across

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

all of our operations in Missouri and Illinois. We also established strong interim carbon-reduction goals of
50% by 2030 and 85% by 2040 based on 2005 levels.

In addition, our plan includes robust investments in new wind and solar generation while being mindful of
reliability. Notably, we are targeting adding 5,400 megawatts of new renewable wind and solar-generation
resources to our generation portfolio by 2040. Our plan also includes advancing the retirement of 2 coal-
fired energy centers, extending the life of our carbon-free Callaway Nuclear Energy Center to 80 years and
partnering with the Electric Power Research Institute in assessing advanced clean energy technologies for
the future. We have already executed key elements of this plan.

In particular, a significant milestone toward accomplishing our net zero carbon emissions goal was reached
with the acquisition of the 400-megawatt High Prairie Renewable Energy Center in December. This was our
first wind generation addition and is the largest wind facility in the state of Missouri. Earlier this year, we
also acquired our second wind generation investment, the Atchison Renewable Energy Center, which, when
completed, is expected to be a 300-megawatt facility.

We also have a strong, long-term commitment to our customers and communities to be socially
responsible and economically impactful. There has never been a more important time than now to be a
leader in this area, and we are leading forward.

In terms of COVID-19 relief, we have been continuously working to help our customers in need, including
implementing disconnection moratoriums, providing special bill payment plans, providing over $23 million
of critical funds for energy assistance and other basic needs.

We held a virtual diversity, equity and inclusion leadership summit in June 2020 that included over 600
community leaders and coworkers. During that summit, Ameren made a commitment of $10 million over
the next 5 years to nonprofit organizations focused on DE&I, and we spent over $800 million with diverse
suppliers in 2020, a 24% increase over 2019.

From a governance perspective, our Board of Directors' oversight of sustainability risks was enhanced.
In addition, we named our first Chief Renewable Development Officer to lead our continued efforts to
transition to a cleaner and more diverse generation portfolio. Further, the Board of Directors strengthened
our executive compensation program by adding the 10% long-term incentive based on implementing our
clean energy transition plans. And just last week, the Board approved the addition of workforce and supply
diversity metrics to our short-term incentive plan for 2021. All of these efforts are consistent with our
vision, leading the way to a sustainable energy future and our mission to power the quality of life.

Turning to Page 6. As you can see on this page, our laser focus on executing our strategy for the last
several years has delivered strong results. From a customer standpoint, our investments in infrastructure
have driven our liability to top quartile performance. While at the same time, our disciplined cost
management has kept our electric rates among the lowest in the country. The combination of these factors
has helped drive significantly higher customer satisfaction scores.

We have also delivered superior value to our shareholders, as you can see on Page 7. Our weather-
normalized core earnings per share has risen 70% or -- and an approximately 8% compound annual
growth rate since we exited our unregulated generation business in 2013. Our dividend rate has increased
25% over the same time period. This has resulted in a significant reduction in our weather-normalized
dividend payout ratio from over 77% in 2013 to 56% in 2020, near the bottom of our 55% to 70%
targeted dividend payout range, positioning us well for continued strong infrastructure investments and
rate base growth as well as future dividend growth.

Speaking of dividend growth, I am pleased to report that, last week, Ameren's Board of Directors
approved a quarterly dividend increase of approximately 7%, resulting in an annualized dividend rate
of $2.20 per share. This increase, coupled with the dividend increase of 4% in October 2020, reflects
confidence by Ameren's Board of Directors in the outlook for our businesses and management's ability to
execute its strategy for the long-term benefit of our customers and shareholders.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

While I'm very pleased with our past performance, we are not sitting back and taking a deep breath. We
remain focused on accelerating and enhancing our performance in 2021 and in the years ahead, so we can
continue to deliver superior value to our customers, communities and shareholders.

Which brings me to Page 8. Yesterday afternoon, we also announced that we expect our 2021 earnings to
be in the range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. Mike will provide you with more details on our 2021 guidance
a bit later. Building on the strong execution of our strategy and our robust earnings growth over the past
several years, we continue to expect to deliver long-term earnings growth that is among the best in the
industry. We expect to deliver 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2021 to 2025,
using the midpoint of our 2021 guidance, $3.75 per share, as the base. Our long-term earnings growth
will be driven by continued execution of our strategy, including investing in infrastructure for the benefit of
our customers while keeping rates affordable.

Another important element of our strong total shareholder return story is our dividend. Looking ahead,
Ameren expects future dividend growth to be in line with its long-term earnings per share growth
expectations within a payout ratio range of 55% to 70%. In addition to earnings growth considerations,
future dividend decisions will be driven by cash flow, investment requirements and other business
conditions.

Turning to Page 9. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in
a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. The strong long-term earnings growth I
just discussed is primarily driven by our rate base growth plan. Today, we are rolling forward our 5-
year investment plan. And as you can see, we expect to grow our rate base in an approximately 8%
compound annual rate for the 2020 through 2025 period. This growth is driven by our robust capital plan
of approximately $17 billion over the next 5 years that will deliver significant value to our customers
and the communities we serve. Our plan includes strategically allocating capital to all 4 of our business
segments. Importantly, our 5-year earnings and rate base growth projections do not include 1,200
megawatts of incremental renewable investment opportunities for Ameren Missouri's Integrated Resource
Plan.

Our team continues to assess several renewable generation proposals from developers. We expect to
file for certificates of convenience and necessity for some renewable generation projects in 2021 with
the Missouri PSC. We expect to add these investments to our multiyear rate base outlook as we finalize
pending negotiations with renewable energy developers and move further along in the regulatory approval
process in Missouri. Finally, we remain focused on disciplined cost management to earn as close to allowed
returns as possible in all of our businesses.

Speaking of disciplined cost management, let's now turn to Page 10. Over the last several years, we have
worked hard to enhance the regulatory frameworks in both Missouri and Illinois to help drive additional
infrastructure investments that will benefit customers and shareholders. At the same time, we have been
very focused on disciplined cost management to keep rates affordable. Our efforts are paying off.

As outlined on this page, residential rates have decreased since opting into these enhanced regulatory
frameworks for all of our Missouri electric and Illinois electric and natural gas distribution businesses. So
to be clear, since these constructive frameworks have been put in place, significant investments have been
made, liability has improved, rates have gone down and thousands of jobs have been created. While this is
a great win for our customers and communities, we are not done.

Turning to Page 11. As you can see from this chart, our operating expenses have decreased 14% since
2015. We will remain relentlessly focused on disciplined cost management as we look forward to the
next 5 years and beyond. This will not only include the robust cost management initiatives undertaken to
manage COVID-19 but also several other customer affordability initiatives. These initiatives include the
automation and optimization of our processes, including leveraging the benefits from significant past and
future investments in digital technologies and grid modernization.

In addition, as part of the Ameren Missouri Integrated Resource Plan, we will work to responsibly retire
our coal-fired energy centers over time, which includes thoughtfully managing workforce changes through
attrition, transfers to other facilities and retaining -- retraining for other positions in the company.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

Turning now to Page 12. Next, I want to cover the second pillar of our strategy: enhancing regulatory
frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. An enhanced version of the
Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act legislation was filed in the past week, which, if passed, would
apply to both the Ameren Illinois Electric and natural gas distribution businesses. This legislation will allow
Ameren Illinois to make significant investments in solar energy, battery storage and gas infrastructure to
improve safety and reliability as well as in transportation electrification in order to benefit customers in the
economy across Central and Southern Illinois. This important piece of legislation will also require diverse
supplier spend reporting for all electric renewable energy providers.

Another key component of the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act is that it would allow for
performance-based ratemaking for Ameren Illinois' natural gas and electric distribution businesses to
2032. The proposed performance metric would ensure investments are aligned with and are contributing
to reliability of the energy grid as well as to transition to the clean energy vision of the state. Further, this
legislation would modify the allowed return on equity methodology in each business to align with returns
being earned by other gas and electric utilities across the nation. This legislation builds on Ameren Illinois'
efforts to invest in critical energy infrastructure under a transparent and stable regulatory framework that
has supported significant investment, improved safety and reliability as well as creating over 1,400 jobs,
all while keeping electric rates well below the Midwest and national averages.

This bill will also move the state of Illinois closer to reaching its goal of 100% clean energy by 2050. By
providing for performance-based ratemaking for both electric and gas distribution businesses, we believe
the proposed legislation would further align the energy goals of Ameren Illinois and the state of Illinois for
the benefit of our customers, the communities we serve and the environment. With all these benefits in
mind, we are focused on working with key stakeholders to get this important legislation passed this year.

Moving now to Page 13 for an update on our $1.1 billion wind generation investment plan to achieve
compliance with Missouri's renewable energy standard through the acquisition of 700 megawatts of new
wind generation at 2 sites in Missouri. As I mentioned earlier, Ameren Missouri closed on the acquisition
of our first wind energy center, a 400-megawatt project in Northeast Missouri in December. Last month,
we acquired our second wind generation project, the 300-megawatt Atchison Renewable Energy Center,
located in Northwest Missouri. Approximately 120 megawatts are already in service. We expect a total of
150 megawatts to be in service by the end of the first quarter, which remain expected later in 2021 upon
the replacement of certain turbine blades. We financed these projects through a combination of green first
mortgage bonds and common stock issued under our forward equity sale agreement. We do not expect
a construction delay on our Atchison wind facility to have significant economic consequences or reduce
the production tax credits for this project because of the rule change made by the U.S. Department of
Treasury last year to extend the in-service criteria by 1 year to December 31, 2021.

Turning now to Page 14 and an update on our Callaway Energy Center. Turning to return to full power as
part of its 24th week fueling and maintenance outage in late December 2020, Illinois Missouri's Callaway
Energy Center experienced a nonnuclear operating issue related to its generator. A thorough investigation
of this matter was conducted, and the decision was made to replace certain key components of the
generator in order to safely and sustainably return the energy center to service. Work is already underway
on this capital project, which we expect will cost approximately $65 million. We are also pursuing the
recovery of costs to put global warranties and insurance. Due to the long lead time for the manufacturing,
repair and installation of these components, the energy center is expected to return to service in late June
or early July. And as announced previously, we do not expect this to have a significant impact on Ameren's
financial results.

Turning now to Page 15. As we look to the future, the successful execution of our 5-year plan is not only
focused on delivering strong results for 2025 but is also designed to position Ameren for success over the
next decade and beyond. We believe that a safe, reliable, resilient, secure and cleaner energy grid will be
increasingly important and bring even greater value to our customers, our communities and shareholders.
With this long-term view in mind, we are making investments that will position Ameren to meet our
customers' future energy needs and rising expectations, support our transition to a cleaner energy future
and provide safe, reliable natural gas services.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

The right side of this page shows that our allocation of capital is expected to grow our electric and natural
gas energy delivery investments to be 82% of our rate base by the end of 2025. As a result of Ameren
Missouri's investment in 700 megawatts of wind generation, combined with the scheduled retirement
of the Meramec coal-fired energy center in 2022, we expect coal-fired generation to decline to just 7%
of rate base and our renewable generation to increase to 6% of rate base by year-end 2025. As noted
previously, our current 5-year plan does not include 1,200 megawatts of incremental renewable generation
included in Ameren Missouri's Integrated Resource Plan by 2025.

These actions are just further examples of the steps we are taking to address our customers and
shareholders' focus on ESG matters and achieve our net zero carbon emissions goal by 2050. The bottom
line is that we are taking steps today across the board to positon Ameren for success in 2021 and beyond.

Moving to Page 16. Looking ahead through the end of this decade, we have a robust pipeline of
investment opportunities, over $40 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders
by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. Importantly, these investment opportunities
exclude any new regionally beneficial transmission projects that would increase the reliability and
resiliency of the energy grid as well as enable additional renewable generation projects.

Of course, our investment opportunities will not only create a stronger and cleaner energy grid to meet
our customers' needs and exceed their expectations, but they will also create thousands of jobs for
our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy
infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our
country's future energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations.

Moving to Page 17. As we have outlined in our presentation today, we are focused on delivering a
sustainable energy future for our customers, communities and our country. Consistent with that focus,
yesterday, we issued our updated ESG investor presentation called Leading the Way to a Sustainable
Energy Future. This presentation demonstrates how we have been effectively integrating our focus on
environmental, social, governance and sustainability matters into our corporate strategy. This slide
summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition for environmental, social and governance matters.
Throughout the course of my discussion this morning, I've already covered many of these topics.

A few other notable points include the fact that we were honored to again be recognized by DiversityInc as
one of the top utilities in the country for diversity, equity and inclusion, as well as be rated in the top 25 of
all companies for ESG in their inaugural list.

Finally, our strong corporate governance is led by a very talented and diverse Board of Directors
focused on strong oversight of ESG matters. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our
sustainability value proposition. You can find this presentation at amereninvestors.com.

Moving to Page 18. To sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced that the execution
of our strategy in 2021 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the
environment. We believe our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth from 2021
to 2025, driven by strong rate base growth, compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. I
am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all 4 of our business
segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. That fact, coupled with our
sustained past execution of our strategy on many fronts, has positioned us well for future success. Further,
our shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend. Our strong earnings growth expectations outlined
today position us well for future dividend growth. Simply put, we believe our strong earnings and dividend
growth outlooks results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders.

Again, thank you all for joining us today, and I'll now turn the call over to Michael.

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Thanks, Warner, and good morning, everyone.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

Turning now to Page 20 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported 2020 earnings of $3.50 per share
compared to earnings of $3.35 per share in 2019. Ameren Transmission earnings were up $0.13 per
share, which reflected increased infrastructure investments and the impact of the FERC order on the
MISO allowed base return on equity. Earnings from Ameren Illinois natural gas were up $0.06 per share,
which reflected increased infrastructure investments and lower other operations and main expenses due
to disciplined cost management. Earnings in Ameren Missouri, our largest segment, increased $0.03 per
share from $1.74 per share in 2019 to $1.77 per share in 2020. The comparison reflected new electric
service rates effective April 1, which increased earnings by $0.23 per share compared to 2019. Earnings
also benefited from lower operations and maintenance expenses, which increased earnings $0.16 per
share. This was due, in part, to the deferral expenses related to the fall 2020 Callaway Energy Center
scheduled refueling and maintenance outage compared to recognizing all of the expenses for the spring
2019 outage at that time. The change in timing of expense recognition was approved by the Missouri PSC
in early 2020 and better aligns revenue with expenses.

In addition, the decline in other O&M expenses were driven by disciplined cost management exercise
throughout the year. These favorable factors were mostly offset by lower electric retail sales driven by the
impacts of COVID-19 and weather, which, together, reduced earnings by approximately $0.18 per share.
In 2020, we experienced milder-than-normal summer and winter temperatures compared to near-normal
summer and winter temperatures in 2019. In addition, lower MEEIA performance incentives reduced
earnings by $0.09 per share compared to 2019 and higher interest expense due to higher long-term debt
outstanding reduced earnings by $0.04 per share. And finally, under terms of the Missouri rate review
settlement in order, we recognized a onetime charitable contribution which reduced earnings by $0.02 per
share.

Moving to Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, earnings decreased $0.01 per share, which reflected
a lower allowed return on equity under performance-based ratemaking, mostly offset by increased
infrastructure and energy efficiency investments. The allowed return on equity under formulaic ratemaking
was 7.4% in 2020 compared to 8.4% in 2019 and was applied to year-end rate base. The 2020 allowed
ROE was based on the 2020 average 30-year treasury yield of approximately 1.6%, down from the 2019
average of 2.6%.

And finally, Ameren Parent and Other results were lower compared to 2019 due to increased interest
expense, resulting from higher long-term debt outstanding as well as reduced tax benefits, primarily
associated with share-based compensation.

Turning to Page 21. Outlined on this page are our electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren
Illinois Electric Distribution for 2020 compared to 2019. Overall, the year-end results for Ameren Missouri
are largely consistent with our expectations outlined on our call in May in terms of impact on total sales
and earnings per share for 2020 due to COVID-19. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no
matter the cause, do not affect earnings since we have full revenue decoupling.

Moving to Page 22 of the presentation. Here, we provide an overview of our $17.1 billion of strategically
allocated capital plan expenditures for the 2021 through 2025 period. By business segment, [indiscernible]
we have approximately 8% projected rate base growth Warner discussed earlier. This plan includes an
incremental $1.1 billion compared to the $16 billion 5-year plan for 2020 through 2024 that we laid out
last February.

Turning to Page 23. We outlined here the expected funding sources for the infrastructure investments
noted on the prior page. We expect continued growth in cash from operations as the investments are
reflected in customer rates. We also expect to generate significant tax deferrals. Those tax deferrals are
driven primarily by timing differences between financial statement depreciation reflected in customer
rates and accelerated appreciation for tax purposes. In addition to the benefits of the accelerated tax
depreciation, as a result of our $1.1 billion investment in 700 megawatts of wind generation, we will
generate production tax credits over this period.

From a financing perspective, while we have no long-term debt maturities in 2021, we do expect to
continue to issue long-term debt at the Ameren Parent, Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois to fund a
portion of our cash requirements. We also plan to continue to use newly issued shares from our dividend

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

reinvestment and employee benefit plans over the 5-year guidance period. We expect this to provide
equity funding of approximately $100 million annually.

Last week, we physically settled the remaining shares under our forward equity sale agreement to
generate approximately $115 million. In order for us to maintain a strong balance sheet while we fund a
robust infrastructure plan, we expect incremental equity issuance of approximately $150 million in 2021
and $300 million each year starting in 2022 through 2025. All of these actions are expected to enable us
to maintain a consolidated capitalization target of approximately 45% equity.

Moving to Page 24 of our presentation. I would now like to discuss key drivers impacting our 2021
earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we expect 2021 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of
$3.65 to $3.85 per share. On this page and the next, we have listed key earnings drivers and assumptions
behind our 2021 earnings guidance, broken down by segment as compared to our 2020 results. Beginning
with Ameren Missouri, earnings are expected to rise in 2021. As previously noted, a majority of the 700
megawatts of wind generation investment was placed in service at the end of 2020 and early 2021. As a
result, we expect to see significant contributions to earnings from these investments in 2021. The 2021
earnings comparison is also expected to be favorably impacted by the first quarter -- in the first quarter by
increased Missouri Electric Service rates that took effect April 1, 2020.

We also expect higher weather-normalized electric sales and other margins in 2021 compared to 2020, as
outlined by customer class on the slide, reflecting the continual improvement in economic activity since
the COVID-19 lockdowns that began in the second quarter of last year.

While 2021 sales expectations are much improved over 2020, we do not expect total sales to return to
pre-COVID-19 levels this year. Further, we expect a return to normal weather in 2021 will increase Ameren
Missouri earnings by approximately $0.04 compared to 2020 results. We expect the amortization expenses
associated with the fall 2020 Callaway scheduled refueling and maintenance outage to reduce earnings
by approximately $0.08 per share in 2021. The fall 2020 outage costs of approximately $0.12 per share
was deferred pursuant to the Missouri PSC order and is expected to be amortized over approximately 17
months starting January 2021. We also expect higher operations and maintenance expenses to reduce
earnings.

Moving on, earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit
from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI projects made under forward-looking formula
ratemaking. This benefit will be partially offset by the absence of the impact of the 2020 FERC order on
the MISO base allowed return on equity.

Turning to Page 25. For Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, earnings are expected to benefit in 2021
compared to 2020 from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois performance-based
ratemaking. Our guidance incorporates a rate base -- a formula-based allowed ROE of 7.75% using a
forecasted 1.9% 2020 average yield for the 30-year treasury bond, which is higher than the allowed
ROE of 7.4% in 2020. The allowed ROE is applied to year-end rate base. For Ameren Illinois Natural Gas,
earnings will benefit from higher delivery service rates based on a 2021 future test year, which were
effective late last month, as well as from infrastructure investments qualifying for the rider investment
treatment.

Moving now to Ameren-wide drivers and assumptions. We expect the increased common shares
outstanding as a result of the issuance under the forward equity sale agreement, our dividend
reinvestment employee benefit plans and additional equity issuance of approximately $150 million to
unfavorably impact earnings per share by $0.12. Of course, in 2021, we will seek to manage all of our
businesses to earn as close to our allowed returns as possible while being mindful of operating and other
business needs.

I'd also like to take a moment to discuss our electric retail sales outlook. We expect weather-normalized
Missouri kilowatt hour sales to be in the range of flat to up approximately 0.5% compounding annually
over our 5-year plan, excluding the effects of our MEEIA energy efficiency plans using 2021 as the base
year. Again, we exclude MEEIA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are
not affected by reduced electric sales, resulting from our energy efficiency efforts.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

Turning to Illinois, we expect our weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales, including energy efficiency, to be
relatively flat over the 5-year plan.

Turning to Page 26 and Ameren Missouri regulatory matters. Last October, we filed a request with the
Missouri PSC to track and defer on our regulatory asset certain COVID-19-related costs incurred, net of
any COVID-19 realized cost savings. Through December 31, 2020, we have accumulated approximately
$6 million of net cost, and we requested additional true-ups. If our requests are approved by the Missouri
PSC, the ability to recover and the timing of recovery of these costs would be determined as part of the
next electric and gas rate reviews. We continue to work towards a settlement with key stakeholders.
I would also note that PSC is under no deadline to issue orders. Speaking of future rate reviews, we
continue to expect to file the next in Missouri electric and gas rate reviews by the end of March 2021.

Turning to Page 27. In Illinois -- Ameren Illinois electric regulatory matters. In December, the ICC
approved a $49 million base electric distribution rate decrease in the annual rate update proceeding with
new rates effective at the beginning of the year. This marks the third consecutive overall reduction in rates
and the seventh overall rate decrease since performance-based ratemaking began in 2011.

In Ameren Illinois natural gas regulatory matters, last month, the ICC approved a $76 million annual
increase in gas distribution rates using a 2021 future test year, a 9.67% of return on equity and a 52%
equity ratio. The $76 million included $44 million of annual revenues that would otherwise be recovered in
2021 under Ameren Illinois qualifying infrastructure plant and other riders. New rates were effective in late
January.

Finally, turning to Page 28. We have a strong team and are well positioned to continue to execute our
plan. We delivered strong earnings growth in 2020, and we expect to deliver strong earnings growth in
2021 as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. And as we look ahead, we expect 6% to 8%
compound earnings per share growth from 2021 to 2025 driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined
cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulated
utility peers, and Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an
attractive total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers.
That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Congratulations on the call. I suppose if you can elaborate a little bit, I know you provided some
comments in your remarks here on Callaway. Can you elaborate a little bit more about how you've been
able to reduce your fuel and purchase power cost risk here through the period as well as elaborate a little
bit more on just exactly what's transpired and what the repairs are alongside -- it seems like you're going
to seek the bulk of the recovery through insurance and warranties here, but if you can elaborate there,
too.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Julien. Lots of stuff to unpack there. I'm going to first ask Marty to talk a little bit about sort
of what happened in the event and some of the actions that we're taking to make sure we get timely
recovery. And then we'll talk a little bit about how we're balancing the fuel and purchase power costs. So
Marty, why don't you talk a little bit about the event at Callaway and how we're managing through that
place?

Martin J. Lyons
Chairman & President of Ameren Missouri

Yes. Sure, Warner. Julien, yes. We talked about in our prepared remarks, during the return to full power
after our last refueling and maintenance outage, we experienced an issue with the electric generator,
so nonnuclear part of the plant, nonnuclear operating issue. So subsequently, we did open up the
generator for inspection and identified issues with both the rotor as well as the stator. So we decided that
significant components did need to be replaced, and those are long lead time materials that need to be
manufactured, installed, tested, et cetera so that we can ultimately make sure that we bring the plant
back safely and sustainably. And we do estimate that, that will take till, as we said, late June or early July.

So during this period of time, the plant does remain down. But as we suggested, we're going to be doing
everything we can to reduce the ultimate cost, including pursuing recovery of costs through warranties
as well as we've made insurance claims and to have insurance, both on the property side as well as for
accidental outage impacts, as it relates to loss generation.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

So I think that summarizes, generally, the event and what we're doing from a warranty and insurance
perspective. I think, Julien, what we're doing from an operational perspective is what we do when
Callaway has these normal outages. We adjust the efforts in the outages or move those around for our
coal-fired energy centers. And I got to tell you, I'm pleased to say, during this very cold period, our coal-
fired energy centers operated extremely well. And we do the same thing with the rest of our generating
use because all those go to mitigate the impact that, that Callaway is out. And so those are things that
our team has already checked and adjusted for during this period of time. And we're very focused on just
doing the work that Marty described extremely well and getting Callaway back in service for the benefit of
our customers.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

Excellent. And if I can just sneak in this one on legislation. I mean there's been some consternation out
in the market about this 30-year treasury gyration and some of the proposals out there. I know a lot
of bills floating out there. There's been some pickup and the attention on that new one. How would you
characterize that? It seems like perhaps it's part of the back and forth in negotiations in the early part of
the session here.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, you're right. There are a lot of bills being discussed and actually filed in the state of Illinois. And I'd
tell you, we're excited about the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act and really the enhancements
that were made to the act that we just filed last year. And it does several things. One, Julien, it addresses
the issue that you talked about. Really is no longer that Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act that
was filed isn't based on a 30-year treasury. It is doing what legislators really wanted to have done back in
2012 when the modernization action plan was put in place. That was simply to try and have the return on
equity really become very close to the national average, and that's exactly what's reflected in there.

And so that's why we like that though. And of course, we like to bill that was filed because it not only
applies to our electric business, but our gas business because we're firmly convinced that performance-
based ratemaking has done terrific things for the state of Illinois in terms of reliability, in terms of
affordability and jobs. And we think we can duplicate that in our natural gas business. We think that's the
best way forward.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

It sounds like gas and electric, together, seems like a priority here.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

I'm sorry, Julien, you broke up a little bit there. I'm sorry.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Sorry. The gas as well as electric seems like a priority.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Exactly. Exactly right. So look, just to sum it up, there are a lot of bills out there, obviously very early
innings of this session. Yes, there are some that are trying to take different approaches to it. The only
thing you can rest assured is that Richard Mark and his team, they're at the table. We're talking with key
stakeholders, and we are strongly supporting the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act.

Operator

Our next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess my first question, going back to the Callaway outage a little bit and the -- your work to mitigate
any of the cost increases from purchase power fuel. Is the expectation currently that, during this time
period, whether it's with the coal now or in the next few months with the outage ongoing that the pass-
through will still happen through bills? Or is there a contemplation that maybe there will be some type of a
deferral that would be set up?

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

No. This is Michael. Yes. You have seen it, right? I mean, we have a fuel adjustment clause in place into
that fully expected those costs would flow through that. There's the 95-5 sharing on that mechanism. As
Marty said, I mean, there is this -- we'll do everything we can to possibly mitigate the overall impact on
customers, and so there is insurance both on the property side as well as the replacement power side, not
opining on whether or not we're going to get recovery there. But to the extent that we do, it obviously
would go to mitigate a big part of that impact.

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then on your -- on the equity plans through 2025, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the last
time you were contemplating more of the $150 million dollar run rate for the year through 2024. Now it
seems like that stepped up for a bit, certainly 2022. Is that contemplating just that base CapEx, frankly,
2025 or somewhat inclusive of the potential upside for renewable projects for other items?

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

No. Look, you're looking at it the right way. I mean it's up about $150 million per year starting in 2022
from where we were before. And it really is driven by -- we got about $1.1 billion additional capital
here, $16 billion where we were last February to where we are today, $17.1 billion. And it really is just
to continue to conservatively finance this balance sheet. We like our ratings where they are, Baa1 at
Moody's, BBB+ at S&P, and maintain that capital structure right at about 45%. So that's really what it's
being driven to do at the end of the day, Insoo.

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And just if I may, what range of FFO to debt should we be considering at this point?

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Yes. We haven't specifically given that in the past. I mean, at Moody's, we have a threshold of -- or S&P,
we have a threshold of 13%. We have a 17% threshold at Moody's. I would tell you, historically, we've
been 19%, 20%. It's been coming down a little bit over time as we've invested more on capital, but we've
had some good margins there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So going back to just the ROE, can you be pretty clear on what you're assuming for 2021? But maybe just
how you're thinking about 30-year in the context of your 5-year plan?

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Yes. Appreciate that question. We, historically -- you're right. I mean, we're assuming 1.95% here for
this year. And as you think, Durgesh, about our overall range, the 6% to 8% off of this $3.75. It provides
you quite a bit of range as you go out in time, obviously, about 40% -- $0.40 in total. And we really
haven't historically said what we are assuming. It obviously accommodates a number of things within that
in terms of those ROEs, in terms of CapEx, in terms of regulatory outcomes, et cetera. But we haven't
specifically said what we're targeting from a 30-year treasury.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

Got it. Is it -- can you assume that like with the most of the forecast here that you're assuming that yields
creep up higher? Is that a fair assumption? Or are you kind of modeling 30 or flat, and that would be
upside?

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

It is a wide range and lots of different things kind of accommodate it in there. I mean, obviously, the
30 years moved quite a bit here in the last few months or so but difficult to speculate exactly where it's
going.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Understood. Okay. I understand that. Maybe just one quick one. The 1.2 gigawatt of the investment that
you highlight in the Missouri IRP, what's the cadence of timing and cadence of including that in the current
5-year plan? Or do you think that falls out of the current 5 years, and it's more like 2025 and beyond?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

So this is Warner. Look, as we've said before, we're focused on gaining some of these renewable energy
projects done consistent with our Integrated Resource Plan. And so Marty and his team are working
very hard, looking at several proposals. And as we said in our prepared remarks that we plan on filing
some CCN still in 2021 to start addressing that. And so we don't have a specific number in terms of what
we'll pursue, but we're looking to execute that plan. Simply put, when we do that, we get further along
the regulatory process. We finish our negotiations with developers. We think about the interconnection
agreements to the extent needed. All those things will really dictate when we ultimately put them in our
CapEx plan, but I would not suggest that 1,200 megawatts are outside -- all of that will be outside the
2025 period.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

So just a question on the dividend increase you did, which obviously very happy about, but you did do it
kind of off cycle. So you kind of did an increase -- higher increase than you've been doing 5 months after
you did your last one. So I'm kind of curious, like why didn't you do that in October? Or why didn't you
wait until next October? Is there any other kind of sense on what -- like why now? And is this kind of the
timing when you're going to do dividend increases going forward?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. No. That's a great question. Look, we've discussed with you and investors in the past that, look,
Ameren's dividend and this dividend policy are really important matters to our Board of Directors. And so
clearly, the Board took careful consideration in terms of thinking, first and foremost, about the dividend
policy. And as you know, we announced that dividend policy change that talked about the future dividend
growth is really going to be in line with our long-term earnings per share growth and within our payout
ratio of 55% to 70%, which is what we talked about in the past.

So when they did that, we all collectively did that, we also carefully considered the practice that we've
been using over the last several years of raising the dividend in the fall, in October. And at the end of the
day, the Board of Directors came to the conclusion that it was really just appropriate to align the dividend
increase we announced last week with the simultaneous updating of the dividend policy, which I just
described, and then also to align it with our discussion about long-term earnings guidance, which, as you
know, we typically do right now at the beginning of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

And so I can never tell you exactly what the Board will do in the future. And I would expect the practice
that we are pointing this year to continue in the future. So, of course, all future dividend decisions, as
we've said before, are driven by all kinds of things, earnings growth, cash flow, investments, business
conditions, those types of things. But I don't expect the practice, Steve, that we've employed this year to
be consistent in the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

So really with respect to the legislation and just sort of to follow up on Julien's question, it seems like the
sort of -- you've got a downstate approach. And as you know, there -- and as you mentioned, the other
bills and stuff going on. I'm just wondering sort of the strategy there, the thoughts about having sort of
one approach for downstate versus upstate? And if you could just sort of elaborate a little bit more on the
strategy there? And just sort of, in general, what your thoughts are about what might be going on.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Look, really, our message around this, Paul, hasn't really changed. We talked last year, and we'll
continue to talk about that. But as we see it as our legislators see it, the downstate needs are different.
And keep in mind, when you think about downstate, I mean, we are the major energy supplier downstate,
not just on the electric side, but on the gas side as well. And so as our downstate legislators looked at
it and they clearly recognize there are some broad policy issues in the state of Illinois, clearly, in the
northern portion of the state around the nuclear plants, these are important issues. And so we get that.
And of course, we're engaged in those conversations because we want to make sure that policy decisions
made for the nuclear plants and others don't have negative implications for our customers downstate. So
we're engaged there.

But similarly, we know the importance of investing in energy infrastructure, on the electric and gas
businesses. And we don't want to lose sight of that. And so we have proposed legislation like we did
last year that really is affecting the downstate, which is very consistent with what the state of Illinois
wants to move towards: a cleaner energy future. And this Downstate Affordability Act isn't just about grid
modernization, let's just be clear, it is, in part, and certainly around the gas business but also is driving
towards greater electrification, greater solar and battery storage and these all have policies that support
these critical investments.

So look, at the end of the day, we are -- we believe this is an appropriate approach. Of course, we're still
early in the session, as Julien and I discussed a little while ago, and so we'll engage with key stakeholders,
other utilities on these important manners. But this is the direction that we think is appropriate and
certainly the sponsors of the legislation do as well.

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Okay. Great. And then I appreciate the data on the cost reductions and bill data. But just in general, as
you've updated your forecast, everything here, what's your expectation for the potential bill impact, just
roughly speaking, with this growth trajectory that you guys have?

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Yes. I might comment just specifically on O&M, I'm not going to really comment on the overall bill impact
itself. I think we've done a very good job, obviously, over time and managing that in terms of impact to
customers. But if you think about the O&M piece of that, as Warner pointed out, we've had some good
success in managing those costs, really on a flat basis over the last 5 years. And as we think about the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

future, we're obviously mindful of the capital that we're investing. And we're really focused on keeping
that O&M flattish over this 5-year forecast as well.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Looking at your prior rate base disclosures in today's update, both as the growth into 2025 is close to 9%,
if I'm doing the math there right. Can you speak to the CapEx that this year, this is the typical industry
profile that is more front-end loaded than the CapEx? And do you have any thoughts on ultimate...

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Jeremy, I'm sorry, you were breaking up. It was hard to hear the first part of your question. So...

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

And then on rate base growth.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

If you could start, again, I apologize, it just wasn't coming across clearly, please?

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Sure. Can you hear me now? Is this better?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. That's much better. Thank you.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Sorry about that. So looking at your prior rate base disclosures in today's update, it looks like growth into
2025 is closer to 9%. Can you speak to the CapEx drivers here versus typical industry profile, which is
more front-end loaded than the CapEx? And then just also kind of thinking about Missouri renewables
ownership and transmission investments as well, do you see this as additive to this growth, extending the
growth runway or having any other impacts here?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So let me -- I'll answer the second part. And then, Michael, maybe you can get a little bit into the
math in the first part. A couple of things. With regard to the renewables and the transmission, we do see
these as meaningful opportunities to continue our rate base growth. Now as we've said in the past, we're
not out here giving our 5-year plan and whether it would be 100% additive in all respects, that would be
premature for me to say that.

But to be clear, we see the real needs clearly in our Integrated Resource Plan for renewables, and we are
taking steps, as we discussed earlier, to begin executing that plan. In fact, we've already started that, as
you know, with regard to the 700 megawatts. But we believe it's absolutely prudent and appropriate to
do more as we transition to a clean energy future. But that clean energy future,really is not going to be
coming forth if we don't have greater levels of investment in transmission.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

And so as we pointed out in our slides and before that these large regional transmission projects, which
have really put our country in a position where it is today in terms of growth in renewables, we're going to
need to do more of that. And so we see those as greater opportunities. When they come in is a little early
to say. We have been actively working with MISO and other key stakeholders to try and put the process in
place for those transmission investments to get going on those.

As I've said before, those take time. They're not going to be done here in a year or 2. If anything, we
might see some towards the back end of our '21 to '25 plan, but we certainly see greater levels of
investment in transmission in the next decade to enable where this transition to a clean energy future.
So stay tuned in terms of how it ultimately gets additive. But we see that as clearly potential upside
opportunities. And Michael, I'll let you address the specific rate base question.

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Yes, Jeremy. And I'm not sure I completely followed your question, but let me try here and then you can
do a little follow-up if it doesn't hit what you're looking for. I mean the overall rate base growth, obviously,
has come down a little bit from where we were in February. It's just a function of, obviously, a higher
jump-off point here in 2020 but still very robust rate base growth of 8%, as is noted on the slide.

As we think about beyond '25, I mean, obviously, there's a large pipeline of opportunity there, $40-plus
billion that we've indicated. And look, we'll have to just continue to assess over time how we continue to
phase us into the capital plan. We're mindful, to the previous question, about customer affordability and
just managing an overall rate impact. So that's got to be factored into all of this just overall financing,
those types of things. So I think there's lots of opportunity there in terms of the overall runway, and we'll
just continue to update as we move through time.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. Maybe just to clarify, if I look at kind of the prior [indiscernible] 25 days today for
the rate base. I think it looks like a 9% step-up there. So -- but we could take that discussion off-line
that's [indiscernible]

Maybe just kind of building up some of the other comments you've had here. Given this week's extreme
weather, how has your system performed overall, I guess, in light of everything? But more importantly, do
you expect any local policy impacts as a result of this week, whether it's capacity resiliency, generation,
transition or anything come from these events?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So Jeremy, this is Warner again. Look, a couple of things. One, our system performed really quite
well. Do we have our share of challenges because of the overall impacts to the energy grid broadly in
different areas of the country? Yes. We're impacted by that because of the interconnectability, but our
system performed well. And as I said before, certainly the fact that we -- our coal-fired energy centers
running well, gas storage operations doing very well. And those investments that we've been making
over the last 5, 10 years really paid off during this period of time. So we -- as I said, we did not have any
significant reliability issues, and we're pleased to say that.

Now when you step back and say what is going to happen as a result of all this, I believe there will
be greater levels of oversight or perhaps hearings as we all collectively try to understand how we can
continue to improve the grid. I'm not going to speculate where it will be, whether they'll be, I think, likely
state or federal matters, but we're just -- we've been very focused on as an industry is making sure that
we're taking care of our customers collectively. But there's going to be more to be had on this, to be sure.
And we look forward to engaging with stakeholders, should we be asked to, but I can be pleased to tell
you and others, that system held up well and we delivered customers safe, reliable electric and natural gas
during this period of time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful. And just one last one, if I could, on Callaway here and outage. And just wanted
to come back to how much ultimate cost recovery do you expect to see from warranties and insurance?
And just are there any early investigations, findings that inform your kind of confidence here on the
ultimate reliability and prudence?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

And Jeremy, honestly, we're -- it'd be premature for us to comment on that. We're dealing with the
appropriate parties from a warranty perspective, from an insurance perspective. That work continues. So
when we have material updates on that, we'll provide it. But it's just too early for us to really comment
any further at this stage.

Operator

We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Andrew
Kirk for closing comments.

Andrew Kirk
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for 1 year on our website. If
you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries
should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Tony Paraino . Again, thank you for your interest
in Ameren, and have a great day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 19, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

