American Tower Corporation (REIT) 

NYSE:AMT
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.09

1.12

Revenue  (mm)

1970.97

2012.90

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 12:24 PM GMT

2.75

2.13

1.25

4.47

5.11

1993.40

7900.35

8407.10

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.02

1.03

1.04

1.09

1.26

1.00

1.00

1.12

23.53 %

(2.91 %)

(3.85 %)

2.75 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Igor Khislavsky
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Batya Levi
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Tower Corporation Third
Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Igor Khislavsky, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Igor Khislavsky
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining American Tower's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference
Call. We have posted a presentation, which we will refer to throughout our prepared remarks under the
Investor Relations tab of our website, www.americantower.com.

Before the rest of my comments, I'll note that due to COVID-19, all of us on the call this morning are
again dialing in remotely from different locations. So to the extent that there are any minor technical
difficulties, we would ask that you bear with us.

Our agenda for this morning will be as follows: First, I'll quickly summarize our financial results for the
third quarter. Next, Tom Bartlett, our President and CEO, will provide an update on our platform expansion
initiatives and how we are positioned to benefit from continued wireless technology evolution. And finally,
Rod Smith, our Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer, will discuss our third quarter results and
updated 2020 outlook. After these comments, we will take your questions.

I'll remind you that this call will contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties. Examples of these statements include: our expectations regarding future growth, including
our 2020 outlook, capital allocation and future operating performance; our expectations regarding the
impacts of COVID-19; our expectations regarding the impacts of the AGR decision in India; and any other
statements regarding matters that are not historical facts.

You should be aware that certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ
materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Such factors include the risk factors
set forth in this morning's earnings press release, those set forth in our Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2019, as updated in our Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended March 31, 2020, and in other
filings we make with the SEC. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no
obligation to update the information contained in this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.

Now please turn to Slide 4 of our presentation, which highlights our financial results for the third quarter.
During the quarter, our property revenue increased 3.4% to nearly $2 billion. Our adjusted EBITDA grew
by 5.6% to approximately $1.3 billion. And our consolidated AFFO and consolidated AFFO per share
increased by 14.7% and 14.5%, respectively, to $1.02 billion and $2.29.

On an FX neutral basis, growth rates for property revenue, adjusted EBITDA and consolidated AFFO per
share would have been 8.1%, 9.7% and 19.5%, respectively. Finally, net income attributable to American
Tower Corporation common stockholders decreased by roughly 7% to $464 million or $1.04 per diluted
common share. The decrease included the impacts of an FX loss of about $49 million in the quarter and a
loss on retirement of long-term obligations of roughly $37 million.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Thanks, Igor. Good morning, everyone. Consistent with our past practice for our third quarter reports, my
remarks today will center largely around the evolution of mobile technology and how we are positioning
American Tower to benefit. Specifically, how we aim to extend our core neutral host exclusive real estate
portfolio to a digital multiproduct, multiservice platform, offering incremental value to existing and new
customers. I'll also go into a bit more depth around 2 specific platform expansion initiatives, one in the
United States and one outside of our core U.S. market.

But before I elaborate on that topic, I wanted to briefly cover a few key points on the comprehensive
master lease agreement or MLA that we signed with T-Mobile in mid-September. This agreement, which
lasts through early 2035, augments our strategic relationship with T-Mobile, positions us to capture
significant new business with them over an extended period of time and preserves the potential for
incremental upside for us, particularly later on in the contract term. The MLA maintains the typical annual
base escalator that we will recognize on the entire portfolio of included leases over the nearly 15-year
term. This escalator is consistent with our historical 3% to 3.5% average rate included in our other U.S.-
based customer lease agreements.

In addition to the base escalator, as is typical with our other comprehensive MLA agreements, there is an
annual use fee or bonus escalator component. This additional annual use fee calculated as a percentage
of the prior year's lease run rate is in force over the entire term of the agreement and allows T-Mobile
to add equipment on certain sites up to pre-agreed loading levels. As a result of this use fee, we lock in
contractually guaranteed revenue growth over and above the base escalator while T-Mobile will be able to
more efficiently deploy their network, a win for both parties.

In total, between the contracted backlog we already had in place before the deal, the approximately $17
billion in incremental contractual backlog from the agreement and the 10% or so of our T-Mobile revenues
that sit outside of the MLA, we expect to generate at least $23 billion in total revenue from T-Mobile
through the contract term and bring our total consolidated contractually committed revenue to more than
$58 billion as of the end of Q3.

This backlog incorporates the impact of cancellations included within the agreement, which in total is
expected to represent around 4% of our consolidated property revenue at the time they occur. Included
in these contractual terminations are principally the legacy Sprint revenues that we extended for 10 years
back in 2011. As you may recall, through that contract, we were able to delay the significant IC churn in
our peers' experience for more than 5 years. Having realized the NPV benefits from that, we will now see
some of that deferred to commissioning flow through our run rate over a multiyear period. Once that is
complete, we would expect to incur minimal levels of cancellations from T-Mobile over the remaining life of
this agreement.

Taken as a whole, we believe that our expanded relationship with T-Mobile will be important as we seek to
generate double-digit annual growth in the combination of our consolidated AFFO per share and dividend
yield over the next decade. These types of comprehensive agreements have been incredibly valuable and
strategic for us as we are better able to service our customers and consequently become more strategic to
them as they densify their networks and deploy new spectrum.

As a result, our cash flow generation becomes even more predictable, providing us a solid foundation for
continued investment in our business and generating further shareholder value.

With that said, let me now turn our attention back to discussing how we are positioning American Tower to
further benefit from the evolution of mobile technology.

Our core global macro tower business has been and will continue to be the foundation of our success
and the primary driver of future cash flows. In fact, our conviction around macro towers being the
primary infrastructure for 5G deployments has only increased. As more and more mid-band spectrum is
deployed to support 5G and as network usage continues to grow at upwards of 30% per year and even
faster internationally, we believe that significant additional macro tower oriented network densification is
inevitable.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Recall that today, we believe our consolidated customer base is spending upwards of $60 billion per
year on building out their networks. Going forward, there will be the need for even more equipment on
more of our sites as carriers deploy massive MIMO and utilize DSS, O-RAN and the many other tools
they have at their disposal to optimize their network performance and efficiency. In addition, as 5G
and the surrounding ecosystem develops in the U.S. and as network technology continues to advance
throughout our international footprint, we expect to have compelling opportunities to extend our core
value proposition into new related, accretive product and service offerings to expand our total addressable
market.

One of the key trends driving these opportunities is the continued convergence of wireless and wireline
networks. We believe that this convergence, along with increasing digitalization, network virtualization
and the agility of cloud-native software-defined services will lead to increasing demand for distributed
interconnected global edge compute processing. As a result, the first mile of cloud on-ramps at this edge
should become a more critical component of our customers' network architecture. And notably, this edge
is exactly where our exclusive communications real estate assets are located.

To capitalize on the opportunities this network evolution is likely to present, we are focused on developing
communications infrastructure business models that augment the value of our existing assets, expand
our revenue base beyond traditional tenants and enhance our leadership role in the wireless ecosystem.
At the highest level, our goal is to selectively extend our digital infrastructure core capabilities to
further encapsulate neutral host wireless connectivity, transport and compute functions as part of our
comprehensive ATC platform. We can then offer tenants an integrated suite complementary solutions that
fit well within their ever more complex network designs.

Within this framework, we intend to remain disciplined in terms of how we deploy capital and believe
ventures with select partners could be the most efficient way to develop this platform extension. We
expect our investments to focus on business models with several key elements: first, contracted long-
term revenue commitments from Tier 1 customers; second, increasing ROIC with multi-tenancy and multi-
service offerings, requiring modest ongoing maintenance CapEx; third, operating leverage characteristics
similar to towers with focus on our fixed costs; and fourth, synergies and adjacencies with existing ATC
assets and skill sets.

So with that general backdrop in mind, let me dive deeper into a few specific areas where we are currently
focusing our efforts with one example in the United States and one offshore.

In the United States, as 5G deployments accelerate, we expect the proliferation of lower latency
applications and incremental cloud-based customer demand for application level and network compute
functions at the edge. There are 2 distinct solutions within this emerging ecosystem that we are paying
attention to: distributed compute and mobile edge compute. We believe that these 2 offerings will develop
at different timelines and will allow us to provide differentiated value propositions for our customers.

On the distributed compute side, enterprise workloads continue to move to the public cloud and a growing
near-term market segment is the use of on- or off-prem private cloud computing as a hybrid solution.
Small and medium-sized businesses are often willing to move legacy workloads to more responsive,
proximate cost-effective data centers. And we believe that many data centers at some of our macro
towers can represent optimal locations for these installations.

We have started to deploy micro data center facilities at select tower sites and have seen early indications
of solid demand and collaboration with partners like Flexential. In the near term, this solution enables us
to develop operational excellence around the technology and iron out the kinks on a small scale. With that
said, we don't necessarily think this use case alone will be the long-term driver of significant value for us.

We expect true 5G mobile edge compute solutions to represent a much larger long-term opportunity. The
foundational concept of our mobile edge strategy is the expectation that localized neutral host, multi-
operator, multi-cloud micro data centers can be the most cost and technology efficient means through
which latency can be reduced at the edge and that these facilities can be optimally located at select macro
tower sites that already have power, fiber and multiple wireless tenants.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Rather than each cloud provider and carrier forging ahead with their own connectivity arrangements, our
vision is to serve as the neutral host for these low-latency relationships, which will drive cost efficiency,
improve inter-MNL application performance and accelerate deployment of these facilities throughout
the network. We expect this to be a multiyear rearchitecture process, and we are in the early stages of
leveraging the knowledge that we have developed through colo ATL and the small-scale deployments at
the tower sites I mentioned earlier to determine the specifics of our go-forward strategy.

As I also mentioned, these offerings in all likelihood will involve partnerships and joint ventures as we
continue to explore where in the value chain we can drive the most incremental upside. At this point, we
think a scaled solution is still at least a few years away, but there is tangible progress being made and
we're excited about the possibilities.

Underlying this excitement are the potential future 5G-related use cases that we expect to drive rapid
uptake of mobile edge compute functions. Immersive AR and VR gaming applications are obvious
examples, autonomous vehicle connectivities and other, including our involvement in C-V2X with partners
like Qualcomm and Audi.

Next-generation drone delivery networks, real-time sensor-based data collection and analytics and
a host of other enterprise-oriented solutions are also on the way and will require significant levels of
compute power on the network edge. Our objective today is to position American Tower to be ready to act
decisively when the time is right to be a meaningful player in this space.

Meanwhile, on the international side, most of our markets are at least 5 years behind the U.S. in terms of
deployed network technology. As a result, the edge compute opportunity and other potential 5G-enabled
business models are further down the road. The strategic advantage that we expect to have in these
areas, similar to what we did with our core tower business, is the ability to prove out these models in the
United States first and then export them internationally when the time is right. Over time, we believe
that our global interconnected reach will be critical in the context of an ever more global multinational
customer base and their needs to support their customers' global needs.

In the meantime, one of the main focus areas of our platform extension efforts today, throughout Africa
and India especially, is on developing power as a service, to drive operational efficiency and cost savings
while materially reducing the carbon footprint of the wireless industry. Throughout much of Africa and
India, the electric grid is inherently unreliable. It is part of our service offerings we are responsible for
providing on-site power for our tenants. In the past, this was almost exclusively delivered through diesel
generators with significant daily run times and diesel usage at considerable expense.

More recently, as solar and lithium-ion battery technologies improve while becoming more cost effective,
we have accelerated our adoption of these technologies to make power provision in our sites more efficient
and environmentally friendly. In fact, as of the end of 2019, we had 12.3 megawatts of solar capacity
already online with more than 4,500 sites utilizing lithium-ion batteries.

To date, we've invested nearly $135 million on fuel and power optimization solutions and expect to
continue to make these investments as we improve site reliability level for our tenants.

As we disclosed in our latest sustainability report, our long-term target is to reduce our scope 1 fossil
fuel consumption and diesel related greenhouse gas emissions in Africa and India by more than 60% or
140 million liters of diesel annually by 2027. Already, we have made significant progress towards that
objective, having reduced annual diesel consumption by 65 million liters since 2017, after normalizing for
site count growth.

To give you a sense for what that translates to, it's essentially the equivalent of taking more than
35,000 cars off the road for a full year or preserving more than 65,000 acres of forest. In addition, we
are currently exploring the development of science-based emissions targets, consistent with the Paris
agreement goals.

These initiatives are in their early stages and we're excited about the impact that we can make going
forward. Just like in the United States, where we are seeking to leverage our expanding platform to
augment the value of our communication sites, we believe that we can translate our expertise and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

industry leadership in fuel and power internationally into tremendous added value, reducing the total cost
of ownership for our tenants, further improving uptimes and developing more efficient, clean, renewable
networks will benefit stakeholders across the value chain, and we're committed to making substantial
additional progress over the long term.

Just like in the United States, where we are working on a number of other initiatives, we're continuing
to look at things like fiber to the tower, fiber to the home and other transport model in many of our
international markets as ways to further broaden our addressable market and add value. These value
propositions would all be predicated on long-term contractual commitments with multi-tenant and multi-
service elements that mirror our existing tower model.

In closing, on a global basis, we are in a time with tremendous technological digital transformation. Access
to ubiquitous broadband connectivity has never been more important, particularly in the context of the
ongoing pandemic. There are new use cases emerging every day with modern wireless networks becoming
more and more dynamic, responsive and critical.

As providers of the underlying infrastructure that supports mobile connectivity for billions of people around
the world, we have a unique advantage point from which to observe all of these developments. And I think
we also have an incredible opportunity to pair our advantages and scale, financial resources and global
reach with our platform expansion initiatives to drive tremendous incremental value for our stakeholders
over time in a sustainable way.

With that, let me turn the call over to Rod to go through our third quarter results and updated full year
2020 outlook.

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining our call, and I hope you are well and
remain safe during these challenging times. As you saw in our press release, we had a very strong third
quarter that outpaced our expectations, and as a result, are raising our full year outlook for key metrics.

Before we dive into the details of our results and updated expectations, I'd like to highlight the following:
First, demand for our global tower assets was strong in the quarter. Most notably, and as Tom just
discussed, we signed a comprehensive nearly 15-year-long master lease agreement with T-Mobile in the
U.S., which brought our contracted base of committed future revenue across the company to over $58
billion. We believe that this MLA serves as another reaffirmation of macro towers serving as the baseline of
modern wireless networks for the foreseeable future.

We also expanded our tower portfolio through select acquisitions and build-to-suit initiatives, acquiring
more than 300 sites and building nearly 1,500, which was a quarterly record. We continue to effectively
manage through the challenges posed by COVID with a continued focus on the safety of our employees,
vendors, customers and communities. Additionally, our focus on operational excellence, efficiency and
cost controls enabled us to drive expanding margins across the business despite some of the challenges
resulting from the global pandemic.

Moving to the balance sheet. We issued around $2.8 billion in U.S. dollar and euro-denominated senior
notes across several tenors, including 30 years during the quarter. As a result of these refinancing
initiatives, we were able to further extend our repayment schedule and reduce our weighted average
cost of borrowings. We ended the quarter with nearly $6.7 billion in liquidity and increased our euro-
denominated borrowings to represent over 10% of our total debt. Finally, we declared a common stock
dividend of $1.14 per share, extending our long track record of solid dividend growth. Returning capital to
shareholders through the dividend remains an important part of our capital allocation strategy.

Now please turn to Slide 6, and I will review our property revenue and organic tenant billings growth. In
addition to discussing growth rates on a reported basis, I will also outline FX-neutral metrics.

Our third quarter consolidated property revenue of nearly $2 billion grew on a reported basis by $66
million or 3.4% over the prior year period and on an FX-neutral basis, by $155 million or 8.1%. Our U.S.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

property revenue totaled more than $1.1 billion and grew by $27 million or 2.4% over the prior year,
including a roughly 2% negative impact from lower straight-line revenue.

Approximately 55% of our consolidated property revenue was generated in the U.S. Our international
property revenue was approximately $865 million and grew on a reported basis by around $39 million or
4.8%. This included FX headwinds of roughly $89 million as compared to Q3 of last year. And on an FX-
neutral basis, international property revenue grew by $129 million or 15.6%.

FX trends have appeared to stabilize over the last several months, and FX was slightly better in Q3 than
our prior expectations. Our underlying revenue growth rates reflect solid demand for our tower space from
our base of primarily large multinational tenants who are expected to invest approximately $30 billion in
their networks this year as they continue to add coverage, increased network capacity and roll out more
advanced network technology.

Moving to the right side of the slide, you can see that we achieved consolidated organic tenant billings
growth of 4.4% for the quarter, right in line with our expectations. This included U.S. organic tenant
billings growth of 4.2%, comprised of new business activity, which contributed 2.9%; escalators, which
contributed 3.1%; churn of 1.4% and a roughly 0.3% negative impact from other items. As expected, this
growth rate reflects a sequential deceleration driven by modest levels of new business activity from T-
Mobile over the last year, but continued strong contributions from other tenants.

On a gross basis, including the impacts of our new MLA with T-Mobile, we expect activity to increase
beginning in early 2021, although this will be accompanied by higher levels of churn over the next few
years, as T-Mobile decommissions certain Sprint sites.

Our international organic tenant billings growth in the quarter was 4.7%, led by Africa at over 8% and
Latin America at 7%. Europe was just over 2%, while India was negative 0.5%, all of which were in line
with our expectations. Gross new business commencements were solid once again as network expansion
and densification initiatives continued.

The component parts of our international organic tenant billings growth were new business activity, which
totaled over 6%, are mostly local inflation-based pricing escalators, which contributed 3.5% and other
items, which contributed 20 basis points, partially offset by churn of 5.2% concentrated in India.

Moving on to Slide 7. You can see that our third quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA of nearly $1.3
billion grew on a reported basis by about $69 million or 5.6% over the prior year, and on an FX-neutral
basis by $119 million or 9.7%. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 64.5%, up roughly 160 basis points over
the prior year and 120 basis points sequentially.

This increase was attributable primarily to solid organic growth throughout the business as well as diligent
cost management and efficiency initiatives. Our U.S. business again drove a substantial majority of our
consolidated property segment operating profit, accounting for roughly 2/3 of the total.

Moving to the right side of the slide, you can see our consolidated AFFO of $1.020 billion grew on a
reported basis by nearly $131 million or 14.7% over the prior year, and on an FX-neutral basis by around
$175 million or nearly 20%. Consolidated AFFO per share of $2.29 grew on a reported basis by about
$0.29, or 14.5% over last year's levels, and on an FX-neutral basis, grew by $0.39 or almost 20%. This
growth in AFFO and AFFO per share was driven by our previously discussed growth in cash adjusted
EBITDA as well as lower cash interest costs resulting from financing activity, along with lower levels of
cash taxes and maintenance capital spending.

Let's now move on to the high-level themes driving our updated 2020 expectations, which reflect
increases across all key metrics. Our revised full year outlook is based on underlying demand expectations
that are broadly consistent with our prior view. The large multinational carriers that account for the vast
majority of our consolidated property revenue continued to deploy network capital as their customers
consume more and more mobile data irrespective of some of the disruptions caused by COVID-19.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

In the U.S., we expect leasing demand to pick up as we head into 2021 as carriers ramp investments in
5G and continue 4G upgrades. Mobile data consumption grows at 30% or more per year and mid-band
spectrum deployments accelerate.

In the intermediate term, we think that much of this acceleration is likely to revolve around the
deployment of 2.5 gigahertz spectrum. Looking slightly further out, we expect that the C-band, DISH's
spectrum assets and to some extent, CBRS, are likely to all be relevant drivers of network activity. As a
result, we believe that the U.S. wireless landscape remains constructive and is poised to drive solid tower
leasing activity for many years to come.

Our international businesses are performing well and continue to meet our expectations, highlighting
the resiliency and critical nature of tower assets across the globe. We also continue to augment our
international portfolio through both accretive M&A and high-returning new build programs. For the full
year, we are raising our expectations for new builds to 5,500 at the midpoint on the back of a record third
quarter where we constructed nearly 1,500 sites. And on the M&A front, we added nearly 300 sites across
our international footprint in Q3, bringing our year-to-date total to about 800, including more than 300 in
Europe.

Broadband connectivity across our international footprint has never been more critical, particularly in
markets with limited fixed line access. And we are working closely with our tenants to help them drive it.

As part of these efforts, we have augmented several customer relationships recently, which we believe
position us well to drive attractive growth while delivering high levels of service. We are already seeing
benefits of these enhanced partnerships through accelerating organic growth in markets like Nigeria
and higher levels of new build activity in many of our other markets and expect these positive trends to
continue over the long term.

Meanwhile, in India, the Supreme Court has ruled on a 10-year AGR repayment time line for the carriers.
We view this as a positive as it provides incremental clarity in the marketplace and near-term breathing
room for the carriers in terms of their liquidity.

While we believe it is too early for these positive developments to translate into significant improvements
in our near-term operating results, they do provide a base for optimism for the longer term.

As it relates to our 2020 outlook, outside of some more favorable projections for bad debt due to better
collections over the last few months, our operational expectations in India are essentially unchanged from
our prior view.

Now please turn to Slide 8 and we will review our raised outlook midpoints. Our updated guidance for
property revenue is $7.89 billion, which is an increase of $165 million compared to our prior outlook and
reflects a growth rate on a reported basis of 5.6%. On an FX-neutral basis, the growth rate would be right
around 10%.

For the U.S. Property segment, we now expect revenues of nearly $4.5 billion, which is $115 million
above our prior projection. This is primarily being driven by about $105 million in incremental straight-line
revenue attributable to our new T-Mobile MLA as well as some other non-run rate outperformance in the
business.

For our International Property segment, we now anticipate property revenue of $3.390 billion, which
is $50 million higher than our prior projections. This is being driven by approximately $15 million
in favorable FX impacts, along with around $13 million in additional currency-neutral pass-throughs
and roughly $7 million in incremental straight-line revenue as well as $15 million or so in other
outperformance throughout the business.

Moving to the right side of the slide, we are reiterating our expectations for 4.5% to 5% consolidated
organic tenant billings growth. This includes a projection of 4.5% for the U.S. and roughly 5% for
international.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

As I mentioned earlier, we do expect an acceleration in gross new business activity in the U.S. beginning in
early 2021, in part driven by our new agreement with T-Mobile.

Turning to Slide 9. You can see that we now expect our full year adjusted EBITDA to be $5.1 billion, which
is $170 million above the midpoint of our prior outlook and over 11% greater than the prior year on an
FX-neutral basis.

The primary drivers of this increase are approximately $105 million in incremental net straight line, about
$27 million in better-than-expected non-pass-through primarily non-run rate cash revenues, around $28
million in lower-than-expected non-pass-through direct operating cost and cash SG&A, including $20
million in lower bad debt expectations in India and favorable FX impacts of roughly $5 million.

For the year, we now expect cash SG&A as a percent of consolidated property revenue to be 8.2% or
around 7.2%, excluding bad debt, reflecting continued scale benefits across the business.

Lastly, we expect consolidated AFFO for the full year to be $3.75 billion at the midpoint, which is $75
million or 2% above our prior outlook. On an FX-neutral basis, this reflects growth of nearly 11%, even
including the $63 million onetime cash interest expense impact from our purchase of MTN's joint venture
stakes in Africa earlier this year.

The primary drivers of the increase as compared to our prior expectations include: the cash adjusted
EBITDA outperformance I just mentioned; $20 million in lower net cash interest; and about $5 million in
favorable FX impacts, partially offset by $10 million in additional expected maintenance capital spending.

On a per share basis, we now expect to generate consolidated AFFO of $8.40, an increase of $0.17 as
compared to the prior outlook. On an FX-neutral basis, the year-on-year per share growth rate would be
nearly 11%.

Moving on to Slide 10. Let's review our capital deployment expectations for the full year. Let me start by
stating that we remain committed to our existing disciplined approach to capital allocation, which for many
years, has proven to be successful. This deep-rooted philosophy guides our decisions regarding dividends,
capital expenditures, M&A and stock repurchases.

For 2020, we expect our full year dividend, subject to Board approval, to be approximately $2 billion,
resulting in an annual common stock dividend growth rate of right around 20%. As we discussed on last
quarter's call, we expect that dividend growth rates in future years will likely be below 20%, in line with
our expected retaxable income growth rates, again, subject to the discretion of our Board.

Regarding our capital expenditures, we expect to deploy about $1.15 billion, with more than 85%
allocated towards discretionary projects. This is up $75 million from our prior outlook, driven primarily by
higher expected new build activity as well as some acceleration in start-up capital spending and a small
increase in maintenance CapEx.

On the M&A front, we have spent roughly $860 million so far this year, including our previously
mentioned purchase of the JV stake in Africa in the first quarter and we are actively evaluating additional
opportunities.

Our previously-announced purchase of the Tata's remaining stake in our India business is still pending
regulatory approval in India. At quarter end exchange rates, this represents a purchase price of
approximately $336 million. And for the purposes of outlook, we have assumed that this transaction will
be finalized by the end of the year.

And lastly, our year-to-date dividend declarations plus the $56 million we have deployed for stock
repurchases, we have now returned about $1.5 billion to common stockholders so far in 2020.

Turning now to Slide 11. I will briefly touch on our strong investment-grade balance sheet, which we
believe will be a critical component of our continued growth. Since becoming investment grade in late
2009, our balance sheet strength has allowed us to grow revenue, adjusted EBITDA, consolidated AFFO
and consolidated AFFO per share while maintaining prudent levels of liquidity and ensuring unobstructed
access to capital at attractive rates.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

During the quarter, we accessed capital markets in the U.S. and Europe to issue roughly $2.8 billion across
multiple tenors, including 30 years in both U.S. dollar and euros. As of the end of the quarter, our average
cost of debt stood at 2.9%, more than 200 basis points below 2010 levels. An average debt tenor was
more than 7 years, nearly 2 years in excess of where we were back in 2010. Our available liquidity totaled
$6.7 billion, and our net leverage was 4.5x, solidly within the 3x to 5x target range.

Taking all this balance sheet momentum into account, we believe that we are in a tremendous position of
financial strength. Looking forward, we remain committed to our existing financial policies as we continue
to believe that a strong balance sheet, low cost of debt, appropriate and consistent levels of leverage
along with disciplined capital allocation decisions are essential to our ability to deliver attractive total
shareholder returns over an extended period of time.

On Slide 12, and in summary, we are positioned to finish the year strong with improving margins,
enhanced strategic relationships with our tenants and continued opportunities to deploy capital towards
accretive growth. Looking ahead, 5G deployment activity in the U.S. is poised to accelerate beginning in
2021, and we believe this will include material deployments of mid-band spectrum primarily in suburban
and rural areas of the country where our towers are located. In addition, DISH is expected to begin
building a nationwide network towards the back half of next year, driving potential future upside. Given
our comprehensive portfolio of U.S. assets and mutually beneficial relationships with our tenants, we
believe that we are well positioned to drive a prolonged period of attractive contractually guaranteed U.S.
growth.

Meanwhile, we expect our diverse international property segment to continue to perform well as global
mobile network operators deploy significant capital to deliver capable, high-quality networks for their
customers who are consuming more and more mobile data than ever before. Our international footprint of
more than 140,000 sites is an excellent complement to our foundational U.S. asset base. And we expect
that over the long term, it will help us elongate and augment our growth trajectory.

Finally, we believe that as a result of our strong balance sheet, our disciplined and steady approach
to capital allocation, and most importantly, because of our 5,500 experienced and talented employees
across the globe, we are well positioned to continue our long track record of driving consistent reoccurring
consolidated AFFO per share growth, a growing dividend and attractive total shareholder returns.
With that, operator, let me please open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

And we have our first question from Michael Rollins with Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Two questions, if I could. The first is you were describing that gross new activity in the U.S. business
should improve in early 2021. Is there a risk that carriers slow activity while they await the results of the
C-band auction? And can you provide us with a framework or historical perspective on how to think about
how much leasing activity can improve from the current run rate?

And then just secondly, if you could just help unpack the timing of churn related to the comprehensive
deal that you signed with T-Mobile?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Michael, maybe I'll start and then Rod can come in. We'll come out with specific guidance, obviously,
in February of next year when we release earnings. But what we are seeing is, as we said on the last call,
we would expect a pickup in activity from T-Mobile. So they are going to be one of the principal drivers
of the pickup, particularly early on in 2021, as we see that level of activity picking up in the latter half of
2020. So they're going to be one of the principal, I think, drivers of that pickup.

And with regards to the kind of the C-band question, what we've seen historically, you've seen this clearly
as well being close to us and to what the carriers are doing, they are going to be taking advantage and
leveraging every last megahertz they have of spectrum. And so I think that they're not going to wait
specifically for the new spectrum to be deployed. That's going to fit right into their strategy. The C-band
deployment schedule is going to be over a multiyear. And so they're going to continue to build out their
current 5G, if you will, along the same kind of layered cake kind of spectrum capacity that we've talked
about in the past. So we would expect that the carriers are going to continue to spend, continue to meet
their own customers' needs. And they're doing it differently, as you well know. They're doing it across
many different bands, but they're going to continue to deploy.

So as I said, we'll provide more detail on that kind of deployment in our Q4 call, but we're obviously very
bullish in terms of how we would see 2021.

I don't know, Rod. Do you have anything to add?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes, I'm going to add a couple of things. Michael, so the pickup that we are seeing going forward really is
centered on T-Mobile, as Tom alluded to. So everybody knows that there was a slowdown from T-Mobile
that began late in 2019 as they prepared for their merger with Sprint. That persisted through most of
2020 to date, so that -- now that we're lapping that, we've got a base of growth to grow from. And then
with the new T-Mobile deal, we have contracted levels of business going into 2021. So we do see an
acceleration there. The other carriers have been pretty consistent through 2020, so that's been good to
see this year so far.

And then related to the churn part of your question, we do see that churn for T-Mobile happening over a
multiyear period. It really will begin in late 2021 and go out for a few years, about 4 years. And we'll talk
more about that, Michael, when we give guidance in February.

Operator

Next, we go to a question from the line of Rick Prentiss with Raymond James.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I hope you guys are doing well. A couple of questions. I apologize, I got pulled off for a second there
to give my name and firm when you were giving your prepared remarks. T-Mobile, when they were
talking about the new MLA, said that the escalators could deescalate over time. Tom, you mentioned, you
probably got cut off, that escalators are in the -- kind of consistent with the 3%, 3.5% range. But how
should we think about escalators plus usage and then churn affecting that on kind of a multiyear basis?
Do the numbers go up every year? Is there a percent going down? But how should we think about that
comment from T-Mobile saying escalators are going to deescalate?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think, as I mentioned before, Rick, there are 2 escalators that are part of this agreement, as is
typical with similar types of agreement. You have the base escalator, which we have in all -- as you all
know, in all of our agreements, master agreements, which is in the 3% to 3.5% range. And that is -- that
will stay fixed for the entire term of the contract.

On top of that is our -- what we call our use fee or our second escalator that's on top of the base
escalator. And that escalator allows then -- and that's on an annual basis, and it's determined based
upon kind of the prior year monthly -- or the ending year run rates. And that then allows T-Mobile to add
equipment up to preloading agreements, up to certain rights on the agreement themselves. And that
escalator is also in force over the length of the contract.

Now that second escalator, unlike the first, does decrease over time really as a result of the base getting
bigger. So it's a slightly lower escalator that's applied to a higher base to drive consistent rates of
incremental growth. And so the comment was that I believe that it does de-escalate.

And on that second escalator, the way we think about that, that is, in fact, true. But it's really, as I said, a
function of that the base is getting bigger. And so you have a slightly lower use fee escalator being applied
to it to keep a consistent rate of incremental growth, again, as part of the comprehensive or holistic
agreement over the entire term of the agreement.

So that's, I think, trying to tie the connected dots and tie it together, that's fundamentally how that
agreement both escalators will work.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And I know you're going to give '21 guidance on the February call. But should we think about, given
all the complexity here, maybe you guys might consider giving multiyear guidance in the future?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

That's something that we are thinking about. I mean I've been spending time with Rod and Igor. So that's
very, very possible, Rick, just to give people a sense of what it might look like on a multiyear period, given
the churn that we are expecting in -- as a result of the kind of the Sprint leases coming off, but that's very
possible.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And last one for me. You mentioned -- Rod mentioned DISH maybe back half of '21 ramping up. Are
you guys in MLA discussions with them? Should we expect an MLA with DISH? And could there be maybe
C-band effort earlier than you suggest if people are aggressive there, other carriers?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Well, on the DISH question, I don't want to get any specifics with them. We're -- as you would expect,
we're in significant conversations with them as we're always talking to customers. They've stated that
they're looking to start to build out their network, I believe, in the second half of the year. And so we want
to make sure that we're there for them and able to service them to the extent that we can. So there are,
candidly, a lot of conversations going on there, as I said, like we have with all our customers.

On the C-band, that's possible in anticipation of that spectrum being deployed, carriers getting ready to be
able to participate in that. That's always an opportunity, we believe. I'm not sure how material it would be,
candidly, Rick. At this point in time, it's hard to tell. The likes of Verizon, AT&T, I mean they deploy capital
on a very regimented kind of measured way.

And so it's hard to say if it would materially change the timing or direction of growth rates. But it's very
possible that there might be some acceleration of some growth as a result of that band, in particular,
becoming available.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And I meant -- sorry, I meant to also ask, are you seeing anything from cable operators who have started
buying some spectrum and are registered for some auctions? Any activity from cable interested in your
towers?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

We've -- by the way, we've had -- we have cable customers today. Again, I don't want to get any specifics
there, Rick, particularly as it relates to kind of new entrants into the market, but we're obviously, I think,
well positioned to be able to service them to the extent that they go down that path.

Operator

And our next question is from Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just a few on international. I guess, more broadly, are you seeing any pause or slowing in the pacing of
activity across your larger markets, whether tied to macro or COVID-related pressures sort of hampering
carrier spending plan?

And then just drilling down in terms of India, colo and amendment activity, looks like it's moderated now
for 3 straight quarters. So I'm just wondering what's the latest you're seeing there. And how should we
think about the pacing of net organic growth from here?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, Matt, thanks for the question. I think on the contrary, of our international markets, I continually
see incredible densification initiatives and new build projects going on in just about all of the markets,
whether it's Mexico, Brazil, down in Latin America, Africa. We're seeing significant increases in demand
for build-to-suits, new colocation orders. So I can go kind of by market and I can see significant levels of
increase in colo orders as well as build-to-suits. As Rod said, we'll continue to set records on build-to-suit
activity. So I think that's just indicative of the amount of densification that's kind of going on around the
globe.

With particularly, in India -- in India again, we hit on a gross basis, kind of double-digit growth rates.
And so we see continued demand there. I think there has been a general -- a slowdown, overall, not just
with regards to COVID, but I think also with regard to clearing through a lot of the AGR, a lot of those
tax issues. I think that put a slowdown, if you will, to some of the level of spend that the carriers were
doing in the marketplace. But hopefully, much of that will be behind us. And the carriers I know are really

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

starting to think about and move forward in terms of looking to kind of increase kind of rates of growth
going forward.

COVID has impacted some of the build-to-suit activity in the marketplace, just in terms of getting permits
and some of those types of things. And as you all know, I mean India has really struggled as much of the
world, but in particular, India has struggled with COVID, particularly over the last several months. So I
know that has actually slowed down some of the build-to-suit activity. But on the growth side, the market
is very strong.

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

And Tom, if I could just add a couple of points there. So on the organic tenant billings growth, we did have
a basically a flat organic tenant billings growth for the quarter in India, but we had about 2.3% added
through the new build program that Tom just mentioned. So we built just shy of 1,000 towers in India in
the quarter. And I'll just remind everyone that in India, our day 1 returns on those new builds are solidly in
the double digits, so even close to 14%.

Operator

And our next question is from Jon Atkin with RBC.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So one international and one U.S. I guess on the U.S. given, again, all the moving parts around CBRS and
C-band and DISH and the T-Mobile churn that Rod talked about, can you frame the U.S. organic growth
rate next year just sort of directionally higher or lower than what you have forecasted for this year based
on what you're seeing right now?

And then internationally, apart from India, where it sounds like you made a little bit of a different
assumption with respect to bad debt, there was some churn, there's some gross leasing, a lot to unpack
there. But what are the biggest variables to think about as we think about 2021, either by country or
within India, if India is that country that would lead to kind of the most variability in the outlook? I would
appreciate your perspective.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Jonathan. We'll get into the specifics for 2021 on our next quarter's call. I think as we've
alluded to, we've talked to, we would expect an increase in the gross on -- in the U.S. business. Michael
asked that one before. And I think it's a function of some of the activity that we're seeing happen with
T-Mobile. And we're very bullish in what's going on in the U.S. market from a lot of different fronts, not
just in terms of a new spectrum, a new technology being deployed, but potentially new entrants into the
market, continued growth and demand. Even the ruralization process that the government is driving in
terms of trying to ensure that broadband is there for all, I mean I think all of these would clearly give us a
bullish sense of what we would expect in the U.S. market over the next couple of years and in particular,
in 2021, just on top of the ongoing demand that we see going on from a network usage perspective.

Internationally, in each of the markets, we -- just in terms of the guidance for 2020, I mean all of the
markets are up from a revenue perspective. As I mentioned before, there are significant densification
efforts going on in all of the markets. You can almost go market by market and look at various metrics,
and you can see that there's significant new infrastructure that needs to be added, new sites that need to
be added in those markets to be able to support the growth that they have going on in those markets.

And so as we've always said, and as you well know, the international markets are a couple of technologies
behind generally and so -- and without any really strong wireline capability. And so in a pandemic,
even the market -- the world that we're living in today, there's even more of a demand for wireless
infrastructure in those markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

And so I think all of that gives a good backdrop for what we would expect growth to look like
internationally in those markets. We've always said it's going to be 200 to 300 basis points faster than
we're seeing in the United States. And if you take a look at even Q3, you look at Latin America, you look
at Africa, they're all up in the kind of 7%, 8% range. And so it's -- the model works. I think the strategy
works and we're very bullish in terms of what we're expecting to see in our international markets over the
next several years.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

The 5,500 builds, that upsized outlook that you gave, is there any kind of a regional breakout that you
could provide?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

I mean I think we have. I mean Rod can give the one. I mean India, we're up a bit. We've seen continued
growth in the India marketplace from a couple of the large carriers there. So there's an outsized probably
piece of the 5,500 that is there. And as Rod mentioned, we're getting double-digit kind of rates of return,
right out of the gate.

We're seeing also a significant demand in Africa, in Nigeria -- markets like Nigeria, Uganda, some of the
markets there. We're seeing upticks in the overall build-to-suit activity.

Brazil is a market that we've always talked about, it's been -- there's probably twice as many sites in the
market as there are today, I think, to be able to meet the demand and provide kind of that good quality
signal. And so we're seeing increased demand for site builds in Brazil as well.

So it's a bit of a mix across the 3 of them, I'd say. And I'm hopeful that we're going to be able to see
continued increases in rates of build-to-suits going forward. It's our best rate of return, capital dollars
spent in the business. And so we work very closely with our carriers to be able to kind of maximize that
category of CapEx.

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

And Jonathan, I'll just give you a few numbers here to support Tom's comments. So of the 5,500, India
is going to be the lion's share of that, probably close to 3,500. In Latin America, maybe around 500. In
Africa, you can think of that as about 1,300 or so, in that range, and a handful in Europe, maybe 40 in
Europe, and a small number in the U.S.

Operator

Next, we have a question from Tim Long with Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just one quick clarification, if I could, and then a question. Just want to make sure I heard it right as far as
not to kill the T-Mo Sprint MLA here. But is the comment that this is likely going to be a 4-year period? I
think I heard that.

And then second, I'm just interested in talking a little bit on Europe. Obviously, still pretty small, but a few
hundred, 200 acquired sites there. Could you give a little more color on that? And maybe update us on
views there with the M&A landscape. There's obviously still a lot of activity in the Europe theater and you
guys are underrepresented. So just an update there would be great.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Yes. No, sure, Tim. The churn in the -- as we've said, multiyear, 3 to 4 years, that you would expect to see
a lot of that churn kind of flush through. So hopefully, that will give you a sense of the time period on that.
Europe has always been a market. We've been looking at Europe for -- and getting deeper into the region
for many, many years, and we've always struggled from a valuation perspective and a growth perspective.
We think of the U.S. business being the largest driver of cash flow, as the kind of the developed market
and creates a consistent rate of growth. And then we've looked at our Europe -- our international markets,
candidly, as ways to kind of increase the slope of the curve from a cash flow growth perspective. And
so we're willing and have been able to take kind of some higher levels of risk, if you will, going into
international markets, using significantly higher risk-adjusted hurdle rates, but really it's a function of the
core U.S. business.

And so when we take a look at Europe as being a -- more of a developed market, the growth rates have
just not been particularly strong. I mean the beachfront properties that we have in France and Germany
and now just entered into Poland, the growth rates have been kind of in the 2% to 4% kind of rate of
growth.

And so when we think about allocating capital, that generally hasn't been overly exciting, candidly, in
terms of the overall rates of growth. And then when we take a look at then the underlying valuations for
a lot of the assets in the particular markets, we really struggle with some of the growth expectations that
you would have to realize to be able to support some of the underlying valuations for those assets.

Now we're -- given the size and kind of the scope of American Tower, we're part of every deal that goes
down in the region. And so we're watching it very closely. We're participating in certain areas. As you said,
we're undersized, I guess, relative to some of the -- to Cellnex, for example, in the marketplace, but that's
okay. I mean we're -- that doesn't bother me in terms of our presence. We're going to continue to look at
a deal by -- every deal on its own and take a look at the underlying variables of the deal and expectations
of the deal. And to the extent that the ROIs and the NPVs can be sizable, we'll look to participate in it and
see kind of where we land in terms of being successful there.

But just because we're relatively undersized versus the other players in the marketplace, that doesn't
concern me at all. We're all here about creating AFFO per share growth and ROIC growth. And to the
extent that they can contribute to those 2 variables, we're going to weigh in and participate.

So we'll see where that lands over there. It will continue to develop. There are a lot of assets, as you said,
that are going to be coming up on the marketplace. There are a lot of large carriers who are looking to
monetize their assets. So there very well could be some opportunities there. And as I said, we'll just take
a look at them one at a time.

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Tim, I think the other part of your question was the breakdown of the sites that we acquired in Q3. So we
acquired a little over 300 sites in Q3. 195 of those were in France through our arrangement with Orange,
which we've talked about in the past. And then there was an additional block here in Chile and Peru, which
are additional tranches with the -- on the Intel agreement that we have. So that makes up the majority of
that 305. So it's really in France, Chile and Peru.

Operator

And next, we go to a question from David Barden with Bank of America.

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I wanted to come back to the T-Mobile agreement a little bit. Last quarter, you guys took T-Mobile out of
your second half guidance. Your competitors actually spoke pretty optimistically about what that was going
to mean for them. And so the conclusion was that T-Mobile was steering business away from American
Tower in an effort to gain leverage, to negotiate a new MOA.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

And as a result of that, as we look forward to conversations that are going to emerge around the C-
band deployments, brand-new networks, not going to be deployed everywhere, only need to be deployed
somewhere. Is there a thought that other carriers, DISH included, are going to look at what T-Mobile did
in terms of how they steered business to some players and away from others to gain leverage in these
negotiations that somehow the balance of power between the towers and the carriers might have changed
somehow? Could you kind of comment on how you think that might evolve in some kind of the next phase
of network development?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Dave, I mean I don't think that's the case, candidly. I think given the real estate that we have and
the sites that we have, we're quite comfortable that the carriers are always going to have to come to us. I
mean that's the kind of the beauty of the business that we have and the real estate that we have. I mean
we're always in negotiations with all the carriers. We're trying to meet their needs along the way, as any
typical kind of lessor/lessee kind of a relationship. But I don't think there's any real credence to the fact
that there's leverage that's created as a result of moving or not coming on to our sites.

I mean we have a very long-term view of our business, of our customer base. We think that -- I think
that's indicative of kind of the 15-year agreement that we put in place with T-Mobile. We think that, as we
said in the past, that these types of master lease agreements are incredibly strategic and important to us
for a number of reasons, not just driving sizable predictable growth. But we also see really very sizable
growth overall as a result of the additional right-to-use kind of base escalator.

Historically, if you look at ATC in the United States, we've garnered, we've generated over 50% of the new
business in the United States on a fairly consistent basis. And so I think that's indicative of the types of
relationships that we have with our carriers over time.

Are there always other issues in terms of some of the negotiations? Sure, we get some high-priced sites,
sites that have been out there for a very long period of time that have escalators on them. And we work
very closely with the carriers then to try to bring those back to market but then generating other types of
value for us over a long time.

So we have -- we're in -- I'm in constant conversations with our U.S. customers. And so I don't see that
kind of activity. And if it does, as I said, it would be noise and it would not impact the way we think about
our business or the way we strike kind of long-term lease agreements with any of our customers.

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then, Rod, could I ask you just one quick one? You mentioned that part of the guidance
that's in the quarter was related to non-run rate outperformance factors. Could you kind of elaborate a
little bit on what those were and what they contributed?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Sure, David. I think you're referring to the Q3 numbers. So the non-run rate items there, primarily in
India, we had a few settlements in India, about $25 million worth of settlements in India that will not be
recurring that were in our Q3 numbers.

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. Okay. So that was the big delta in the Indian performance, right?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Correct.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Operator

And our next question is from Sami Badri with Crédit Suisse.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So a lot of the questions today have been focused on the model, the 3Q results, the escalators and it's
all been very helpful. But I wanted to just shift gears to the micro data center and to the edge compute
commentary that you made earlier on the conference call. And I think the one thing that a lot of market
constituents and the analyst community is interested in is what is American Tower's core strategy entering
this market. Is it going to be the provider of colo? Is it going to be the leasing aspect? Is it going to be the
go-to-market with Flexential and other providers? Could you just give us more color on what we should
expect from AMT over the next couple of years on what your tactical strategy is going to be within the
edge ecosystem? That would be very helpful just to get a good idea on where all the chips are going to
fall.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Right. No, no, I appreciate it. Thanks for the question. I tried to cover that in some of my prepared
remarks. I mean, at the highest level, we're really trying to create tower-like communications
infrastructure business models that really augment, if you will, the value of our existing assets, expand
our revenue base beyond the traditional tenants, if you will and expand our role in that whole delivery
system.

It's all about extending the platform. And clearly, part of that platform is that compute capability. And so
we're looking as part of that platform, at the compute transport functions and really trying to create ways
of being able to incrementally provide service to our customers.

And so if you think about kind of our longer-term views of it, we're candidly looking at, okay, of the
40,000 sites in the United States, which could all be considered edge compute locations, it is at the edge,
it is at the very edge of the edge, if you will, how many of those sites would fit well in terms of fitting
them out to be able to support a number of enterprise accounts, to support hyperscalers, to support data
centers in ways where we can provide and be really part of that process to provide lower latency types of
applications.

And at each one of those sites then, given kind of the real estate that we have, how many shelters can we
put at each one of those locations? How much power can we drop into each one of those shelters? How
many -- it comes down to how many cabinets can we load up in each one of those shelters?

And so we're looking at sites that potentially can hold 2 or 3 shelters, each shelter holding 8 to 10 cabs
each, providing 100-kilowatt of power into each one of those shelters themselves in a way that it can
provide then really an on-ramp for accounts in that particular location into the wireless world.

And so the models that we have and the trials that we have right now are trialing exactly that and looking
at then what are the price points for each one of those cabinets. Can we get a traditional kind of $1,900
to $2,000 per cab in each one of those locations? How stackable are the shelters going to be? And then --
and really looking at what that demand is.

And so we have several proof-of-concepts that we're working on in tandem with some potential partners
and actually are looking at those now in front of certain enterprises to be able to determine really what is
the opportunity there.

In terms of how far we go along the kind of the value prop scale, that's to be determined. Clearly, we have
colocation and real estate. So those are kind of gone and given. Then the question is, okay, how far do we
go up to stack? And then how do we provide those kinds of capabilities?

As I mentioned, in my remarks, it's not like we're looking to hire 1,000 software engineers or 2,000 sales
reps to start selling into enterprise accounts and providing them access to cloud-based services. That's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

not our skill set. And so we would look to augment our capabilities with other capabilities to be able to
jointly provide what we think could be a very interesting value proposition to enterprise accounts around
the country.

So time will tell. This is the early stages now. As I said, we're really dedicated. We have a number of
resources dedicated to try to understand what this is, what the CapEx requirements are going to be at the
site location and really, again, to come back to driving tower-like communications infrastructure business
models.

So that's it in kind of a short sound -- couple of sound bites. And you'll continually hear more and more
about our strategy there as it develops and as we continue to go down the journey.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. That was actually a lot of detail. Just one quick follow-up on that, and this follow-up mainly has to
do with domestic versus international and this micro opportunity. A lot of the focus and the commentary
has been focused on domestic deployment of micro data centers. But what about international, right?
There's clearly big differences in terms of how the network looks abroad. And do you see edge being a
much bigger opportunity abroad versus domestic, at least within the next 2 to 3 years? Or is it going to be
predominantly focused on domestic opportunities for now?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

As I mentioned before, traditionally, our international markets are a couple of technologies behind where
they are in the United States. Having said that, though, I think one of the real advantages that we bring to
a venture is our global reach and the lack of really processing capability in many of our emerging markets
that we have today.

And so while I think the strategy will probably more -- will initially develop in the United States, I think the
real value ultimately, particularly as the world shrinks and as the cloud learns to -- will connect us all and
does move to the edge, I think our global reach is actually a real interesting element to what, as I said, we
bring to the party.

And so it's difficult to say how the outside of the United States market might develop. We might find in
certain markets that it may develop more quickly and that the kind of the edge compute capability turns
into more than just an edge. You may be able to cluster certain edges to provide more of a metro data
facility, again, particularly in areas of the world where there really isn't a lot of data center presence.

So it will be -- it's a very interesting question and one we're kind of getting our arms around and
understanding exactly what are the benefits as a result of having that global reach. I think, candidly, that
they're significant and we'll try to leverage that as much as we possibly can.

Operator

And our final question comes from Batya Levi with UBS.

Batya Levi
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

A couple of follow-ups on the T-Mo MLA again. I think you adjusted the straight line for this year, $20
million higher than the original guidance. What drove that?

And second, in terms of -- as you look at the T-Mobile deployment, you have a pretty good insight into
their long-term network spend. Would you be able to provide some color if you think that you took a larger
share of T-Mo's future activity with this long-term contract? And also to the extent that T-Mobile acquires
more spectrum or build more sites, do you -- can you give us some commentary in terms of could there
be upside to this existing MLA? Or is it mostly captured at least for the next few years?

Thomas A. Bartlett
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, thanks. Let me start and Rod can add in -- to add any additional color. On the straight line, I
mean we're just refining the calculations. As you might expect, it's a very complicated calculation. And
so it was just a kind of a refinement of the calculation as that we were able to do. So there's nothing
remarkable, I think, going on with regards to the actual straight-line calculation.

And with regards to your other question, I mean all of our contracts are designed to take more than our
fair share of the business. And as I mentioned before, historically, in the United States, we've captured
over 50% of the new business in the United States. And so our contracts are designed to do that but in a
way that's providing a meaningful capability and service to our customers.

And so with regards to the agreement that we put in T-Mobile, we are absolutely, we believe, more
strategic to them. We're working side-by-side with them on a number of different initiatives as we typically
do when we enter into these types of relationships. Clearly, there's a desire for them to want to put more
equipment on our sites as a result of the fact that they're already paying for it. And so as a result of it, we
would think that we would get an outsized part of their business.

And so this is no different. And so to the extent that there's accelerations, there's different initiatives that
they're looking to undertake, which -- knowing T-Mobile, we would expect so. We would hope that we
would be really in the catbird seat in terms of being able to pick up a lot of that incremental business. And
that's, as I said, historically, what these kinds of comprehensive holistic master lease agreements have
really positioned us to be able to take advantage of. We hope so.

Operator

And Mr. Khislavsky, I'll turn the call back over to you.

Igor Khislavsky
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Leah. Thank you, everybody, for joining this morning, and have a great rest of your day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

