American Electric Power Company, Inc. 

NYSE:AEP
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 06, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.10

1.02

(7.27 %)

0.99

4.30

4.64

Revenue  (mm)

4258.83

3755.50

(11.82 %)

4108.01

16630.38

17166.69

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2020 10:40 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

0.97

1.31

0.58

1.10

1.00

1.46

0.60

1.02

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3.09 %

11.45 %

3.45 %

(7.27 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

Darcy Reese
Director, Investor Relations

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

James Macdonald Thalacker
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by, and welcome to the American Electric Power
First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to your first speaker, Ms. Darcy Reese. Please go ahead.

Darcy Reese
Director, Investor Relations

Thank you, Perky. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the first quarter 2020 earnings call for
American Electric Power. Thank you for taking the time today to join us.

Our earnings release, presentation slides and related financial information are available on our website at
aep.com.

Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may
cause the future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a
discussion of these factors.

Our presentation also includes references to non-GAAP financial information. Please refer to the
reconciliation of the applicable GAAP measures provided in the appendix of today's presentation.

Joining me this morning for opening remarks are Nick Akins, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Brian Tierney, our Chief Financial Officer. We will take your questions following their remarks.

I will now turn the call over to Nick.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Okay. Thank you, Darcy. Welcome and thank you all for joining AEP's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.

I want to take a moment to extend our sympathies to all those who have been personally impacted by
the COVID-19 pandemic. At AEP, we understand that we are all in this together. The AEP Foundation has
contributed to charities across our footprint to ensure that we are part of the solution for the customers
and communities. In addition to providing our employees with the personal protective equipment they
need to do their jobs, we have donated masks, gloves and other essential items needed by hospitals
across our service territory. To further assist those in need within our communities, our customer service
representatives have provided assistance in fielding questions on how to secure small business loans.

Throughout these challenging times, I continue to be extremely proud of our employees who have done an
outstanding job demonstrating their capacity for being adaptable and exercising the agility needed to meet
the challenges of a rapidly changing situation. As we continue to adapt to the ongoing challenges imposed
by COVID-19, we remain committed to keeping our employees safe and keeping America powered through
these unprecedented times.

Certainly, as we head into March, during the first quarter, the story for the quarter would have been one
which we have all heard before, mild weather impacted the first quarter, but as we've also heard before,
a quarter does not a year make, and there is plenty of time to recover from a mild winter. We adjust to
these types of issues all the time. But I'm sure you are more interested in the last half of March and what
April tells us about the future. I'll get into all that in a minute, but first, let's just do the headlines, the
financial headlines for the quarter.

For the first quarter, we came in with operating earnings of $1.02 per share. We are reaffirming our 2020
operating earnings guidance range of $4.25 to $4.45 per share and our 5% to 7% long-term growth rate.
AEP is doing this because regardless of whether we forecast a V-shaped, U-shaped or W-shaped COVID-19

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

recovery, we see our service territory as an arbitrage between residential load and commercial industrial
load that is defined really by a pendulum between the financial characteristics of working from home
versus the restart of commercial and industrial businesses.

With all of this considered, along with capital, O&M, credit metrics and updated load forecasts and actions
we have taken, we expect to be in the lower half of our guidance range. We are shifting $500 million of
capital spending, substantially contracted renewable business and corporate-related capital for the time
being to maintain our commitments to solid credit ratings. We are reaffirming our $33 billion of capital
over the 5-year period, however. We believe this to be the smart play given our ability to adjust capital
quickly to respond to market conditions. We give all of this guidance insight, given an exhaustive review,
county by county, of our service territory from a load perspective through April, weather impacts thus far
in the year and expense control measures already put in place to respond to present conditions. We will
continue to refine these assumptions as data becomes available. Certainly, weather, customer load mix,
pace of economic recovery and continued O&M-related actions will dictate further positive progress within
the guidance range. Brian will get into more detail about these assumptions, but I want to reaffirm for you
that our balance sheet is strong, credit metrics are good, and liquidity is secure as we move forward.

Okay. So let's move on to the specifics related to COVID-19 and its implications to our operations and our
financials as we see the year progressing. As many have heard, there is a famous boxing quote from Iron
Mike Tyson that is truly appropriate here, "Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth." Well,
that's what we have faced in the end of this quarter and will face probably for the rest of the year. But I'm
here to tell you, yes, we've been challenged a little bit, but we are very much still in the match because of
our quick responses and agility to be in the position to reaffirm our existing guidance range.

I'll start by discussing our employees' commitments to our customers, communities and our shareholders
as we move through the crisis that I referred to at the beginning of my presentation.

First, I want to recognize all the health care and first responders who have put themselves in the
line of fire to help us all to be more safe and healthy. As a critical infrastructure service company, the
frontline employees of our utility have also taken on risk by ensuring we are out in the field responding to
substantial storm activity to ensure the resiliency and reliability of electric service so that our hospitals,
critical businesses and customers who are under stay-at-home provisions can continue to benefit at least
with some degree of comfort in these challenging times.

We have instituted protection measures for these employees that reflect CDC guidance regarding physical
distancing, including smaller work teams, proper hygiene and appropriate PPE and testing to minimize
risk of contact with the virus. Approximately 12,000, over 70% of AEP's employees, have been working
from home for several weeks now and will continue to work from home even after stay-at-home provisions
are lifted to ensure further precautions are taken both at home and at the office for employees who must
return for various reasons.

We have instituted specific COVID-19 adjustments to our health plans and benefits for employees and, as
a critical infrastructure business, have continued to pay our employees as they work from home. For most
field-level employees, we have also awarded additional days off with pay to enable more time with their
families during this time. We have over 82% of our call center employees working from home. And as they
not only answer customer questions, they are also helping our small businesses get back on their feet by
helping them navigate through the SBA loan provisions of the CARES Act.

Regarding our customers, we recognize the hardships that this pandemic has brought on and have
temporarily suspended all service disconnects for nonpayment. And our team of call center professionals
have been working diligently to administer more flexible payment arrangements for our commercial
and residential customers. Some states have mandated this, but we do so voluntarily. And our state
commissions have fully supported these actions through the establishment of deferred accounting and
other measures, which I want to take the time to thank them for addressing these issues.

Regarding our communities, the AEP Foundation has donated over $3 million to support basic human
needs to help address hardships from food security, housing, clothing and other issues during this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

We have donated over 9,000 N95 mask, 110,000 gloves and disposable surgical masks and 1,200 face
shields from our warehouse stocks and 3D printing facilities within our innovation labs.

In my 37 years of being in this business, I have never seen the level of coordination and concern
by multiple agencies to do the right thing for our customers, our employees, our businesses and
communities. While much focus on this call is on the financials, it is important to remember the part we
play in the broader social fabric as a critical infrastructure business. And our effectiveness is defined by
the level of cooperation and support from all of the agencies that we deal with: our state commissions
and governors' offices, federal and state legislators, FERC, NERC, DOE, DHS, NRC and others. And they all
have answered the call, and we at AEP thank them. There is much work yet to do, but I believe all have
embraced the S for social from an ESG investor perspective.

From the operational side, we have had no disruptions to plant or grid operations while storm activity has
been exceptional given the significant storm activity in several of our operating company territories and
considering the additional COVID-19-related safety precautions. There has not been a delay in the North
Central Wind facilities construction, and the regulatory cases regarding this project have continued on
schedule. As well, future rate cases are on track to be filed, including in Ohio and Kentucky.

On the regulatory front, it has been a busy quarter. In fact, we have already received approvals for
96% of the budgeted regulatory recovery for 2020. In March, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission
authorized $77 million revenue increase based on a 9.7% ROE. The commission approved I&M's proposed
distribution system investments and full tracking of FERC transmission costs. The company had also
sought an adjustment to reflect the reallocation of capacity costs associated with termination of certain
wholesale contracts, which was denied by the commission. We have filed for rehearing on this matter.

In January, the Michigan commission approved the settlement of the base rate case, resulting in an
increase of $36 million based on a 9.86% ROE. In April, the PUCT, Public Utility Commission of Texas,
issued a final order approving the settlement agreement in the AEP Texas base rate case, allowing for a
9.4% ROE with a 42.5% equity layer on the company's $5 billion asset base.

Also in April, we filed a DCRF, distribution cost recovery factor, to add approximately $440 million in assets
to rate base for distribution investments we made to benefit our customers in AEP Texas. A TCOS filing,
transmission cost filing, was also made to recover $800 million in transmission investments made over a
similar time frame.

The company also filed the required base rate case in Virginia as part of the state's triennial review. In
that filing, the company asked for a 9.9% ROE on a 50-50 cap structure on a $2.5 billion base, resulting in
an increase of $64.9 million. Rates would be effective at the end of January 2021.

There is no question that these are unprecedented times. I think it goes without saying that we will need
to ensure that utilities and commissions work together to devise creative solutions to the challenges we
all face. Tony Clark, former Commissioner at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, prepared and
submitted a white paper to NARUC, recognizing the unique challenges the energy industry is facing and
the need for regulators to be creative into new solutions. In that article, he called for policymakers at both
the federal and state level to be proactive in both the short and long term by targeting measures that
support both customers and utilities. Collectively, with our legislators and our commissions, we need to
work together to recognize the importance of protecting customers and ensuring utilities are able to invest
in their systems and maintain the level of service that our communities depends upon, whether through
deferrals, preferably riders or forward-looking test years because cash is king again for utilities to be able
to adequately invest in critical infrastructure.

Two examples within our service territory the commissions have -- where they've taken a proactive view
have been in Texas and Ohio. We believe both are steps in the right direction. In Texas, the commission
approved the COVID-19 Electricity Relief Program for residential consumers who are having difficulty
paying their bills. A rider has been put in place to fund the ERP that enables AEP Texas to access cash to
begin the program costs. In Ohio, commission staff recommended approval of the regulatory asset deferral
for future recovery and recovery of the demand ratchet program costs through the existing economic
development rider. This will help lessen the impact to industrials who are key employers within the state

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

and protect utilities. We believe both are examples of progressive moves by states to help mitigate the
risk associated with COVID-19 to both customers and provide certainty for utilities.

Moving on to the North Central project. We continue to make progress on this landmark project to provide
significant benefits for our 1.1 million customers in our PSO and SWEPCO states. We received approval
of the unanimous settlement in Oklahoma as well as FERC approval in the first quarter. We expected May
to be an important month for the project for the remaining jurisdictions. And I'm pleased to report that
yesterday, the Arkansas Public Service Commission approved the 155 megawatts or approximately 10%
of the total project along with the flex-up option. As you recall, the flex-up option allows Arkansas to
increase the megawatt allocation should another SWEPCO state reject the application. The commission, in
that order, determined that SWEPCO should use its formula rate rider to recover its costs.

In early March, we filed the unanimous settlement in Louisiana for 268 megawatts or approximately
18% of the total project, which also included the flex-up option. We expect a decision by Louisiana Public
Service Commission in the May or June time frame. Lastly, after concluding our hearings in February, we
expect a proposal for commission decision from the Texas ALJs in late May.

With approvals in Oklahoma, Arkansas and FERC under our belt, the project has what it needs to go
forward at 846 megawatts of the 1,485-megawatt project. Of course, the project can move forward with
even more savings for customers and the full $2 billion investment opportunity if either the LPSC approves
with the flex-up option or the LPSC and the Public Utility Commission of Texas approve their portion of the
full project.

Okay. So now I'll talk to the equalizer chart. We can go to that. And for AEP Ohio -- most of these are
weather-related. But for AEP Ohio, we've had the roll-off of some of the legacy fuel and capacity carrying
charges. They rolled off. So we expect the trend for the ROE to be at the authorized levels of around 10%,
and presently, it's at 9.9% for our quarter 2020.

In APCo, the ROE for APCo at the end of first quarter was 8.7%. And that's driven by normalized -- lower
normalized usage and higher depreciation from increased capital investments and, of course, unfavorable
weather. Virginia's first triennial review was filed in March 2020, as I mentioned earlier, and it covers
the 2017 to '19 periods. An ROE of 9.42% would be used for the triennial review with a 70 basis point
bandwidth of 8.72% to 10.12% ROE.

Kentucky Power. The ROE for Kentucky Power at the end of the first quarter was 6.7%. And that's
primarily driven by a loss of load from weak economic conditions, loss of major customers along with
higher expenses and unfavorable weather. We also have been in a stay-out provision associated with rate
filings, but that goes away here soon, and we expect to be filing in Kentucky in the July time frame.

I&M. The ROE at I&M is at 10.5%. And we've been implementing new rates for Indiana, which will take
place in the second quarter, but we fully expect to be at the authorized areas of around 9.7% to 9.86%.

And then for PSO. PSO is at 9.2% primarily driven by unfavorable weather. SWEPCO at the end of first
quarter was 6.2%. And that was because of the loss of load, unfavorable weather and continued impact of
the Arkansas share of the Turk Plant, which accounts for about 112 basis points. The Arkansas base case
settlement in December -- went in place in December 2019 and is effective January 2020, that approved a
$24 million revenue increase there.

In AEP Texas, it's at 8%. And that's due to a lag associated with the timing of annual filings and onetime
adjustments from our recently filed finalized base rate case. Favorable regulatory treatment has
historically allowed us to file annual DCRF and biannual TCOS filings to recover our costs. And I mentioned
those earlier. So there's a lag associated with those, but we should see a pickup there and drive more
toward a 9.4% ROE in the long term.

And then the Transmission Holdco, it, at the end of the first quarter, was 11.5%. And it was driven by
higher revenues due to differences between actual and forecasted revenues. So we fully expect the
transmission ROE to be in the mid-10% range in 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

So with that, when there is a pandemic, like the one we are experiencing today that has not occurred in
100 years, and this nation's economy has been effectively shut down for months, there is no question that
everyone is challenged, and AEP is no exception. But we are up to the challenge to recognize not only the
role that this company has in the resiliency and restart of our economy as well as the provision of electric
service no matter where our customers are working or living but also the importance of the consistency
and quality of earnings and dividends to our shareholders that makes our work possible. We will strike
that balance, respond to challenges. And I'll stick with a boxing analogy with the Sylvester Stallone movie,
Rocky, where the music was playing the theme from Rocky and he's running up the steps that represents
the adversity of reaching a goal. I believe at the end of the year, we all will -- the AEP, the communities we
serve, our customers and our shareholders, will be at the summit raising our arms in victory.

Brian?

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Nick, and good morning, everyone. I will take us through the financial results for the quarter,
provide some insight into how we're thinking about 2020, including an update on April load and finish with
a review of our balance sheet and liquidity.

Let's stop briefly on Slide 7, which shows the comparison of GAAP to operating earnings for the quarter.
GAAP earnings were $1 per share compared to $1.16 per share in 2019. There is a reconciliation of GAAP
to operating earnings in the appendix.

Let's turn to Slide 8 and look at the drivers of quarterly operating earnings. Operating earnings for the first
quarter were $1.02 per share or $504 million compared to $1.19 per share or $585 million in 2019.

Looking at the drivers by segment. Operating earnings for Vertically Integrated Utilities were $0.50
per share, down $0.13. Earnings in this segment declined primarily due to warmer-than-normal winter
weather and lower normalized retail load. Other small decreases included higher depreciation, higher tax
expense and lower wholesale load, AFUDC and off-system sales. Favorable drivers included rate changes
and higher transmission revenue.

The Transmission & Distribution Utilities segment earned $0.24 per share, down $0.08 from last year,
primarily driven by the 2019 reversal of a regulatory provision in Ohio. Other smaller drivers included
higher depreciation, the roll-off of legacy riders in Ohio and unfavorable weather. These items were
partially offset by higher rate changes, normalized retail load and recovery of increased transmission
investments in ERCOT as well as lower O&M.

The AEP Transmission Holdco segment continued to grow, contributing $0.28 per share, an improvement
of $0.03 over last year. Net plant increased by $1.5 billion or 18% since March of last year.

Generation & Marketing produced earnings of $0.07 per share, down $0.02 from last year. The renewables
business grew with the acquisition of multiple renewable assets. Increases in retail margins were more
than offset by timing around income taxes and lower generation sales due to lower energy prices and
plant retirements.

Finally, Corporate and Other was up $0.03 per share primarily driven by lower taxes relating to a prior
year income tax adjustment and other consolidating items that were reversed by year-end. Other
variances related to higher interest expense and lower O&M.

Earlier in the call, Nick indicated that we are reaffirming our 2020 operating earnings guidance range of
$4.25 per share to $4.45 per share and would likely be in the lower half of that range. Let me give you
some of the detail that leads us to that outcome on Slide 9, and then I'll provide more detail on each of
the key assumptions in the following slides.

Our economic forecasting group uses Moody's Analytics as a key input to our models. In April, Moody's
published a county-level forecast that included their projected impact of COVID-19 on our service territory.
We used this new data, along with updated assumptions from our customer service engineers, to come up

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

with revised retail sales projections for the year. We now expect residential sales to increase 3% over 2019
levels, largely driven by all of the activity that is taking place in residences rather than in places of work
or in the classroom. Conversely, we are anticipating commercial sales contractions of 5.6% and industrial
sales declines of 8% over 2019 levels. Many businesses have shifted their operations to a mostly online
platform, while other employers have had to make the difficult decision to furlough or reduce employee
head count until market demand is restored. These retail forecasts lead us to expect an overall decline in
sales of 3.4%. This updated load would impact our prior forecast negatively by $0.15 per share.

We have already discussed our year-to-date negative impact from mild weather of $0.11 per share. In
response to these circumstances, we have taken action to reduce untracked operations and maintenance
expenses by an additional $100 million, resulting in a positive expectation of $0.17 per share for the year.
The net result of load, weather and O&M reductions would have a negative $0.09 per share impact for the
year, leaving us inside but in the lower half of the original operating earnings guidance range.

We realized moratoriums on disconnects and the economic impact to our customers may have on our
cash receipts. In response to this, we have initiated a shift of $500 million of capital expenditures out of
2020 to be placed into the future years of 2021 to 2024. As we made these deferrals, we were mindful of
customer and reliability impacts. In fact, about $200 million of these investments were in our competitive
renewables business, and about $100 million were corporate investments. The shifts can be ramped up
or down going forward in response to how events play out in real time. With this moderate level of capital
shifting, we are able to reaffirm our 5% to 7% long-term growth rate off of our original 2019 operating
earnings guidance range.

Regarding potential increases in bad debt across our jurisdictions, we have already received orders in
Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana and Virginia to set up regulatory assets related to COVID-19 costs. Other
states where we have filed for recovery of COVID-related deferrals include Ohio, Michigan, Tennessee and
Oklahoma. We have tried on this slide to provide some of the detail for how our coronavirus and oil and
gas events will impact AEP's operating earnings guidance -- operating earnings for 2020. Instead of taking
you through the details of our scenario planning, let me highlight some of the items that could positively
and negatively impact our view as we make our way through the year.

On the positive side, a sharp V-shaped recovery that is more dramatic than the gradual recovery from
the second quarter low point that we have assumed would improve results. Additionally, mitigation
of coronavirus infection rates, leading the economy to open up sooner than we have assumed, would
improve results. A greater increase in residential sales and an improvement in commercial and industrial
sales would further improve our outlook. We've experienced a mild winter. If that carried forward into a
warmer-than-normal summer, that would have positive earnings implications. Another positive would be if
we could garner incremental savings to what we have assumed at the $2.7 billion level of untracked O&M
expenses.

The items that would create negative impacts to our assumptions for the year are largely the opposite of
the positives. A prolonged U-shaped or a dramatic L-shaped recovery would be more negative than our
assumptions. Increased coronavirus infection rates could lead to weaker economic conditions for longer
periods than we have assumed, potentially impairing our outlook for the year. In addition, continued mild
weather and/or O&M expenses beyond our control, like for storms, could negatively impact the outlook for
2020.

We have tried our best, using data, experience and judgment, to update and share our outlook with you
for 2020. We've tried not to be unreasonably optimistic nor pessimistic. This outlook allows us to reaffirm
our 2020 operating earnings guidance range with a view that we are likely to be in the lower half of the
range.

Now let's turn to Slide 10 and provide an update on our system load, focusing on our outlook for the
balance of the year. Our first quarter normalized load was down 0.7% compared to last year. Our
residential and industrial sales were both down for the quarter, while commercial sales were essentially
flat. Our original guidance for the year assumed 0.5% normalized load growth. Clearly, a lot has changed
since that forecast was developed. Since then, we have taken a fresh look at our forecast and now expect
our total load to end the year down 3.4% on a weather-normalized basis, with meaningful changes in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

customer mix and related margins. For 2020, we anticipate a significant contraction in the second quarter
followed by a gradual recovery over the balance of the year.

In the upper left quadrant, we raised our residential outlook for 2020 to 3%. We are seeing significant
increases in our residential load during the stay-at-home period. Even after our states begin to reopen
their economies in the second quarter, it is our expectation that many employees will continue to work
from home. Having said this, we expect the strongest residential growth in the second quarter with some
tapering off during the second half of the year.

Moving clockwise, our commercial sales outlook is now assuming a 5.6% decline from 2019 levels. Prior to
the COVID outbreak, we experienced consistent improvement in our commercial sales class over the past
year. However, once the stay-at-home provisions were in place, we experienced significant declines in our
sales to traditional retail stores, hotels, restaurants, churches and schools. However, not all commercial
load was negatively impacted by the outbreak. Sales to hospitals and government support offices were up
substantially in the first quarter.

When you consider the challenges many businesses will face trying to introduce social distancing protocols
into their normal operations, we are projecting a difficult second quarter for commercial sales with modest
improvement through the remainder of the year.

Finally, in the lower left chart, the outlook for industrial sales has changed significantly. We now expect
2020 industrial sales to come in 8% below 2019 levels. A number of factors have changed the outlook
for this class, but the biggest driver is the overall drop in economic activity. Over the past several weeks,
we have learned a number of large industrial customers that are either idling their production or reducing
their output temporarily until market conditions improve. In addition, a number of expansions we have
previously assumed to come online later this year have been delayed or postponed. These delays should
be reversed as the economy gradually recovers.

Since nearly 30% of our industrial sales come from the oil and gas sectors, let me explain recent sales
trends in this sector. Surprisingly, sales to the oil and gas sectors in the first quarter increased by 9.7%,
which was the strongest quarter we've experienced since 2016. Most of that growth came from the
pipeline transportation sector, which was up 28% for the first quarter. Going forward, we expect some
reduction in oil and gas extraction that will be offset by growth in the midstream and downstream
operations.

We don't normally report on monthly load numbers, but since we have the data, let's take a look at April
load on Slide 11. Total normalized retail load for April was down 4.3% with the relationship between
the retail classes being similar to what we assumed for the balance of the year. Not surprising, given
the number of people relegated to their homes, normalized residential sales were up 6% for the month.
Equally not surprising, normalized commercial sales were down 7.7% for the month, with the biggest
declines being in schools, churches, restaurants and hotels.

Industrial sales were down 10% for the month. Biggest decline was in sectors that support the automotive
industry, while we experienced strong sales growth in pipeline transportation and food manufacturing
sectors.

Looking at April's results, the relationship between the classes, also known as sales mix as well as the
levels of sales in each class are consistent with the assumptions we have made for the second quarter of
our balance-of-year assumptions.

Moving on to Slide 12. Let's discuss some load sensitivities and highlight some of our rate recovery
mechanisms. The 3 pie charts show that by segment and in total, about half of our nonfuel revenues come
from the residential class. Applying the 3% growth we are now projecting for residential sales in total to
the sensitivities we provided at last year's EEI Financial Conference, we would pick up $0.12 a share from
higher residential sales. Repeating the same calculations for the projected load loss in the commercial and
industrial classes would produce a drag of approximately $0.11 and $0.16 per share, respectively. When
you add these 3 impacts together, you get the $0.15 per share impact we identified on Slide 9.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Finally, retail rate design has a couple of features that stabilize our revenues during an economic
downturn. First, most of our large industrial tariffs include demand provisions designed to cover the fixed
portion of utility costs. These provisions remain in place even when volumes are down. Second, in our
residential customer class, we have had some success over the years better aligning the fixed portion
of customer rates with fixed costs. Together, these rate considerations provide a stabilizing effect on our
revenues even when sales volumes decline.

Turning to Slide 13. Another key assumption is the weather. As mentioned earlier, weather in the first
quarter was extremely mild. The green bar in the first quarter shows that mild weather cost us $71
million compared to normal, which was $65 million worse than the first quarter of last year. While our
outlook assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year, this chart shows that weather can change
significantly, as evidenced by last year's experience. If we were to have another warm summer like we did
in 2019, it could offset the $0.11 drag for weather in the first quarter that we showed you on Slide 9.

Our management team has proven a track record of adapting our plans to changing conditions as
necessary. In years when the weather has provided a tailwind, we have accelerated spending to provide
stability to our earnings in line with our 5% to 7% growth targets. In years where weather has been less
accommodating, we have been able to shift our spending to future years to achieve the same goal. You
can expect this management team will react similarly this year.

Turning to Slide 14. You can see that for 9 years now, we have maintained O&M discipline and kept
spending net of offsets in a tight range of between $2.8 billion and $3.1 billion. We had originally planned
to drive down O&M costs in 2020 to $2.8 billion. In response to the expected decline in sales, we now
plan to reduce O&M spend by an additional $100 million. Plans like the Achieving Excellence Program and
additional onetime and extraordinary reductions will help us to achieve those reductions.

Now let's move on to Slide 15 and review the company's capitalization and liquidity. Our debt-to-total
capital ratio increased during the quarter from 59.8% to 61.8%. The increase in the debt component is
attributable to financings to support our ongoing investment program and to fortify our liquidity position
to ensure smooth operational financing during this period of market volatility. As you would expect, the
increase in debt, combined with the ongoing pressure associated with the flowback of ADIT, resulted in
pressure on our FFO-to-debt metric, which at quarter end stood at 12.5% on a Moody's basis. The decline
in the metric is also temporarily influenced by the $1 billion 364-day term loan the company proactively
obtained in late March. Despite the temporary decline in this metric, rating agencies view this enhanced
liquidity as credit positive. Adjusting for this facility and associated cash balances, the metric would be
13%.

Our liquidity at the end of the quarter remained strong at $2.8 billion. Since then, our commercial paper
balances have dropped to $1.6 billion, and our liquidity position has increased to $3.1 billion.

Our qualified pension funding increased approximately 4% to 93%, and our OPEB funding decreased
approximately 15% to 130%. Pension and OPEB equity returns were negative 23% and negative 22%,
respectively, for the quarter and were the primary reasons pensions and OPEB funding decreased. Fixed
income returns of approximately 7% and 6% in the pension and OPEB, respectively, served to offset some
of the equity losses. We have worked hard over the years to focus on pension and OPEB funding and are
pleased with how the asset portfolios have performed in spite of recent market volatility.

Let's wrap this up on Slide 16 so we can quickly get to your questions. In response to the economic
downturn and related implications, AEP has responded to quickly reduce our O&M spending by an
additional $100 million for 2020. This action, combined with our updated load forecast, allows us to
reaffirm our existing operating earnings guidance of 2020 from $4.25 to $4.45 per share. In addition,
in response to uncertainties about cash flows related to reduced customer demand and potential delays
in customer receipts, we are shifting about $500 million in capital expenditures out of 2020 and into the
period 2021 to 2024. We can adjust the timing and size of this shift in reaction to how events play out
relative to our assumptions. Because of our ability to continue to invest in our own system organically,
we are confident in our ability to grow the company at our stated long-term growth rate of 5% to 7%.
We continue to make progress on obtaining approvals for our $2 billion North Central Wind project in
Oklahoma and plan to proceed when approvals are obtained.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

With that, I will turn the call over to the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Steve Byrd with Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Hope you all are doing well. Thanks for the update on a lot of topics. I wanted to talk first just about 2 of
your rate cases, Indiana and Michigan, where I believe the test year is going to be a 2020 test year. How
do you think about that sort of test year in light of COVID, load adjustments, COVID-related expenses, as
you think through that rate case and sort of how to approach 2020 given it's such an unusual year?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So -- and at least Indiana, we have forward test year views. And I think it's probably going to be
particularly important as we go into these cases for there to be an understanding that we are dealing
with a COVID-related year if it is a test year. But wherever you have forward test years, though, you
can account for that going forward in the ratemaking. But certainly, we'd be certainly tuned into the
process, whether you pro forma in or do other things. I think there's probably at least opportunities for
discussion about that because COVID -- 2020 is going to be an unusual year and to be used for test
years will be particularly challenging. You have to really go to some form of pro forma view that has the
level of investments, the level of business activity that you would normally see. So I would expect our
commissions to be reasonable in that approach.

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

In both those cases, Steve, we had forward-looking test years, and we do have orders effective in both of
those jurisdictions.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And yes, it makes sense that you'd sort of try to work through the adjustments,
makes sense. On North Central Wind, some great progress there, that's really encouraging. I guess I had
sort of 2 related questions on North Central. If you do get those additional approvals that you're waiting
for, such as in Louisiana, Texas, can you sort of quickly flex the plan to go to the higher megawatt level?

And then I guess relatedly, you've obviously deferred some CapEx. Do you have that flexibility to deploy
whatever capital you need to, to kind of make this a bigger project? Or does your sort of capital position
caution against sort of significant ramp-up in CapEx this year? Just kind of thinking through the growth of
North Central.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So originally, North Central was not in our capital plan. So -- and so when we get approval for that,
that will be dealing with a different financing model associated with that.

As far as the megawatt level and the amount of investment, yes, if we get approval for Louisiana, for
example, and Louisiana also approves the uprate, which is in the settlement arrangement, then we would
have the full $2 billion investment opportunity there. We already know we're going forward with the
project. That was the importance of Arkansas approval. So the project is moving forward. The question is
what size. And then when Louisiana approves that and hopefully with a flex-up as well, then that's the full
$2 billion or if Texas takes their portion, then all the operating jurisdictions will be taking their particular
portions as we go forward.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Now there is additional opportunity for renewables in those areas. The integrated resource plans have the
capability for that. But we felt like, as we originally said about this project, there was sort of a breakpoint
between the opportunities that existed around the wind farm projects and the pricing. And we wanted
to make absolutely sure that the pricing was very effective and produced very positive savings for our
customers. So we can always go out for a bid again to fill the rest of that from a resource planning
perspective.

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

Steve, we'll be full speed ahead on the CapEx associated with North Central Wind one way or the other.
Nick mentioned that it's not in the $33 billion that we had previously identified for the 5 years 2020 to
2024. And we previously said that we anticipate an equity component of that investment to be between
50% and 66%.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I have 2. Just the first one, on 2020 guidance range here, the 15, 1-5, cent EPS hit, what are you
assuming in terms of declining trends for the rest of the year? I guess what I'm asking is, are you
assuming some amount of recovery in Q3 or Q4? Just curious as to what you're assuming in terms of
profiling for the rest of the year.

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So we are assuming that the second quarter be the lowest quarter for load and that there'd be a
gradual recovery over the balance of 2020 and into the first quarter of 2021.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. Perfect. And then can you comment on just your -- assuming that you kind of hit your lower half
of the EPS guidance range for this year, where would that put you in terms of credit metrics, FFO to debt,
versus your targeted metrics? And then any color that you can provide us with your recent conversations,
if you've had, with Moody's on some of the changes that you've made to your plan?

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

So we've really been -- we anticipate year-end being FFO to debt in that 13% to 14% range. We've
communicated that with S&P and Moody's, had dialogues with them as late as yesterday. They understand
where we are and what we're doing. I think they were encouraged to see us flex a little bit our CapEx for
the balance of the year in response to anticipated lower cash flows than what we had anticipated. And
they're supportive of that. They were -- they viewed what Julie and her team did around the term loan
facility as being credit positive. And they are fully aware, apprised of what we're doing. And you should
ask them, but I think their answer would be supportive.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I hope you all are well. Perhaps just to pick up where the last question left off to start here. On guidance
and the 2020 just lower half, how do you think about the reduction in CapEx? I just want to reconcile this.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

I mean it seems as if you're not really changing FFO-to-debt expectation as you are bringing down CapEx
altogether. But why do that relative to no change in earnings? So just can you walk through the thought
process there? And then also, it seems that it doesn't necessarily have too much of an earnings impact
given the corporate nature of some of that CapEx, but I just want to make sure we're thinking about that
correctly as well.

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Julien. Thanks for the question. So we are anticipating there to be some reduction in cash flow
this year associated with 2 things: one, lower customer demand; and then two, we have eliminated
disconnects currently. And so we think that customers will pay us slower than what they have in the past.
We're not seeing the impact of that in a significant way yet. It's too early. But in anticipation of lower cash
flows to maintain those FFO-to-debt metrics, we felt it was imprudent to at least engage the motor on our
ability to scale back CapEx.

In regards to the no impact on future earnings, we try to do it in places that have either lower regulatory
lag or the increase in earnings isn't as great. So Nick mentioned that some of that reduction is in the
competitive renewable space. And some of that reduction is also at corporate capital, things like IT and
things like that, that are much slower to flow into customer rates during rate cases. Things that we
were careful not to cut were things like transmission where we're spending on customer resilience and
reliability. And we have those formula-based rates to update and get that CapEx into rates on a fairly
efficient basis.

So we were really thoughtful about how we cut that small -- or shifted that small amount of CapEx and
made sure that it wasn't impacting earnings.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Julien, I think you're reading it right, though. I mean we're being as transparent as we possibly can be
through this process using the latest information. Matter of fact, we got the load information -- April load
information yesterday. So we're trying to be as transparent as possible but also taking the right smart
appropriate steps to ensure that we're able to be agile enough to do what we need to do. So I think you're
reading that right. We obviously would put that capital back in as quickly as possible as if -- and then as
Brian mentioned, we're not only mitigating any impacts to the earnings capability but also thinking ahead
in terms of where we deploy that capital in the future. So -- and then we also have North Central coming
about. So those things are occurring. We're trying to manage through this year in a very positive fashion
and really a defensive posture and then set ourselves up for the future years in '21 and beyond. So we'll
continue that approach. And obviously, if we get a hot summer, for example, we'll throw capital back in. I
mean it's all kinds of things that can adjust.

And then from a residential standpoint, you heard our residential load for April was 6%. And we're
saying 3%. So we don't know exactly how this is going to play out particularly with changing dynamics
of business cases themselves changing. I mean we had Nationwide recently come out and say that their
people are going to be working from home. And we have 17,000 employees, and 12,000 are working from
home. We may be looking through our Achieving Excellence program, which we have already accelerated,
to look at how you look at people working from home. And maybe the whole business case changes from
that perspective and also reduces O&M further.

So we're in the process of doing all that, but we're just trying to be as transparent as possible, but you're
reading the tea leaves right.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it, excellent. And let me just clarify this, from the -- in the transcript, you all reaffirmed the intention
to file rate cases in various geographies. This doesn't shift timing necessarily, it sounds like. And your --
at the same time, I don't want to tie one to the other. Does it shift any expectations with respect to asset

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

sales, disposals, strategic reviews? I just want to make sure we're on the same page there. And I know
there could be some further capital needs.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. No, it doesn't change. As a matter of fact, we'll continue those cases. I mean obviously, I also
mentioned Kentucky, we had a stay-out provision. We need to file a case, and we'll do that when that
stay-out provision is lifted. And then that would be effective January 1, '21.

And then for Ohio, obviously, we're due to file a case there as well. It's a pretty moderate case. But
nevertheless, as far as we can tell, I mean everything is going exactly like we had planned. Now you may
see some procedural schedules change, but the end result and the end dates aren't changing. So that's
where we're at today.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

A few -- a handful of questions. One, I'm going to be a little more specific on CapEx. So $500 million cut,
$200 million is at the nonregulated renewable. $100 million...

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael?

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Yes?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

$500 million shifted.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Shifted, my bad.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, yes, yes. We're sensitive about that.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

$500 million shifted. $200 million is at the nonregulated renewable. $100 million is at corporate. What's
the other $200 million?

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

There's another $75 million to $100 million that is in our distribution and our opcos. And then the other
$100 million is spread across our organizations but not in the transmission side of the business.

Michael Jay Lapides

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Got it. Okay. That's fine. The other question is, is there any scenario where you could delay -- given all
that's going on in the world, all the uncertainty about demand, about the impact of disconnects, is there
any regulatory scenario where you could actually postpone or push out the AEP Ohio rate case?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

No, I don't -- we don't see that happening because, obviously, we're required to file a case. And actually,
it's a pretty moderate case. So I think that there really isn't any reason to delay it at this point.

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

I think -- Michael, I think Nick's answer earlier was there could be a delay in the procedural schedule. We
would still expect to get the result of the case when we originally had.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then final question.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

And everybody knows about it as well. So there won't be a surprise to anybody. That is pretty negligible
impact on customers, too, in that case, too.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Now that makes sense -- a ton of sense. And then last question. You all have done a great job in
managing down O&M for the last 4 years. I mean you've taken a lot of O&M out of the company. It saves
the customers money. It's good for shareholders. At what point do you think the long-term rate of change
in O&M management starts to flatten out, meaning the curve, the ability to keep taking out more or
becoming more efficient just starts to flatten out, the pace of change slows?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

We've had a lot of conversations about that. But every day, you're surprised by some new innovation or
something that can change the trajectory of O&M expense. So we spend $4 billion a year. I think $2.8
billion is not tracked. And when you look at some of the opportunities that are available -- and actually,
I think if there is a silver lining in the coronavirus pandemic, it is that we can really reevaluate what it
means to get our business done because we've been very effective at the people working from home. And
actually, productivity has not suffered as a result. And we still have obviously the field employees that are
still out there working as well. But you see the innovations that are occurring. I think we have years ahead
of us to continue to optimize O&M expense. And when you think it's going to level out, something new
comes about. And I think that's going to be a continual opportunity for us.

And when you -- we actually -- and you probably saw, we announced we have a new senior vice president
over our -- actually, the digital experience, our chief information and technology officer who is joining the
company. We wanted to make sure that we put technology, the customer experience and certainly our
CHARGE Innovation Hub and those kinds of things together, to really focus the organization on what the
future holds and what it can mean in terms of O&M in the future.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

So I think it's -- I think we don't know the answer to that. And really, you don't want to know. You want to
just keep pressing forward, and we'll do that.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I could be wrong, but I think in the past, you might have provided a multiyear view of financing needs
in the earnings deck. And I think I might have missed that here. So didn't know if there's kind of any
changes to how you're thinking about funding CapEx going forward here. And is there any interplay with
kind of where Moody's is at right now as you think about that?

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

Jeremy, there's really no change in how we're funding CapEx. And I think the big thing we did really at the
last call was give some insight into how we were going to fund North Central Wind and the idea that we'd
be doing that between 50% and 60% equity. We've always been fairly conservative in our balance sheet
management, and we're going to continue that going forward.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets.

James Macdonald Thalacker
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just following up on Jeremy's question, just wondering, Brian and Nick, as you guys are getting closer
to the North Central Wind approvals, have you sort of sharpened your idea on how you're thinking about
financing that? And especially, have you looked a little bit more, maybe some cycling some current assets
as opposed to accessing the capital markets specifically?

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

So James, we do have a little bit of time for that, right? The smaller portion of North Central Wind is
going to come about $300 million at the end of '20, which would really make the financing of that a '21
event. And then we have really until the end of '21 to go forward with that. So how we come up with
the equity portion of that, whether it's capital rotation or whether it's the equity capital markets, are still
things that we have plenty of time to work through. But I think the important assumption was the range
of percentage of equity that we use for that project, and that's where we talked about being in the 50% to
66% of the project.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And really, probably the main message is, all the options that were available to us before is still on
the table and still being considered. And there hasn't been any change from a timing perspective in our
ability to get that done. So I'd say we're still at the same place we were, and we're ready to execute. I
think it's just a matter of us getting the ducks all in a row to ensure that we're at the right place at the
right time.

James Macdonald Thalacker
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Sure, sure. I just wasn't sure if you guys were looking at the potential for augmenting some of the equity
with sort of the recycling of assets and there became a regulatory proceeding or something like that, that
would have to be sort of taken into consideration ahead of time just because of...

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And we've said for really over a year now that with capital rotation but also sale of assets is on the
table as part of that process. We're obligated to do that from a shareholder perspective, and we will
certainly do that.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

A couple of questions here for me. So can you remind us if North Central Wind was contemplating a tax
equity financing as a part of the plan?

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

It is not.

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

It is not, okay. Okay. So then maybe another one for me. I know you guys had a pretty decent chunk
of your workforce that was on track to retire within the next, let's call it, 5, 7 years maybe. Are you
contemplating offering them, these folks some sort of voluntary early retirements maybe in an effort to
cut O&M? Is that something that we could see on the table?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I usually get that question from employees. We have -- as we look at the O&M and the issues that
we're dealing with to try to reduce O&M to the $2.7 billion level and beyond, we look at a lot of things. But
the one thing we have to be very careful about is, certainly, if you offer things like that, you usually lose
people you don't want to lose. And in this day and age with -- certainly at our frontline employee ranks,
we need every individual that's working, and there's a lot of competition going on for the professionals in
those industries. So that's something we have to be really careful about.

Now obviously, it's part of the -- it's part of our regular operations that if we evaluate groups and there's
efficiencies in terms of resources, whether it's vacancies or retirements or even where severance is
offered, we'll continually manage our resources based upon the work that's in front of us. And we typically
do that on a surgical basis rather than some generalized approach. And I suspect that we'll continue that
approach.

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Got it. And one more for me, if I may. On the volumes, right, first, what do you attribute the jump in oil
and gas volumes? I mean what kind of dynamic on the ground is driving that? And should we expect a
reversal of that? And as the states begin to sort of reopen, if you call it that, which ones of your service
territories would you expect to reopen and maybe be on a faster trajectory sooner than the others can
now that you...

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

Perfect. So what's really driving our results for oil and gas has been midstream and downstream. So
I'll attribute a lot of that, it's -- pipeline transportation, really, was up 28% for the quarter. And what
you're seeing there is sort of a lag effect associated with all the increases that we've seen in oil and gas

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

extraction. And then it's been moving that product from the oil patch to refineries and places where it
can be used. And so that lag effect is finally catching up with us as we've seen putting -- people putting
in electric compression on pipelines and are having to service that. And so that trend has continued
well into the first quarter and even into the month of April, we've continued to see increases in pipeline
transportation and downstream as well. The downstream might fall off a little bit as we're seeing some
reductions in refining. And certainly, oil and gas extraction itself will be down as people shut-in wells and
don't take as much as they previously had. But it's really been the midstream part of that that's been
driving the growth in oil and gas that we've seen.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Just to go back on your earlier question, too, just an example. And I probably have the opportunity for a
call out, our Conesville plant is retiring. The plant is retiring this month and after over 60 years of service.
And that's typically what we've done. As plants retire, as employees shift from one plant to another and
optimize across plants, we've enabled that through severance programs and those types of things. So
that's just an example of what you were mentioning before.

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

And then to our service territories, as they open, all 11 of our traditional footprint states anticipate
opening in May. And they generally have staged reopenings as we go through the month, but all of ours
anticipate opening during this month.

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Awesome. Let's hope this happens.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think our service territory, and it's really interesting to me because we serve midsize cities and
smaller. Columbus, Tulsa are our largest cities, but they're obviously not New York or Chicago or other
areas like that, San Francisco. And that has actually sort of improved the resilience because people are
more spread out. And so our states have been able to methodically go through the shutdown provisions
and now are methodically going through the restart provisions. And it's been, I would say, probably more
helpful to the recovery process for our service territory.

Darcy Reese
Director, Investor Relations

Perky, I just want to let you know we have time for one more question.

Operator

And our final question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim and Partners.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just 1 or 2 questions and more just clarification. Nick, you've obviously reiterated guidance, the long-term
growth rate, 5% to 7% off the original base. I know in prior remarks you've highlighted that you would be
disappointed if you weren't in the upper end. Is that still sort of the case? Or has like the issues around
COVID and some of the moving pieces kind of walked you back down a little bit from that.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Yes. I guess I would still be disappointed. But obviously, when you have to look at it realistically and
based on the information we have today, I think we're well placed in terms of that, and we'll continually
update it. Obviously, I'd like to think there's more upside than downside because we have looked very
conservatively and very pragmatically at what we face relative to the businesses and customers base that
we serve. But as we get North Central in, I'm still optimistic about those future years where that gets fully
layered in starting in '21. So 20 -- so 2020 may be a tread year for the guidance range. And then we get
the engine back on the -- fully on the tracks and get moving again.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And just one last on North Central. So if you sort of take the $2 billion spending around that
project, and you look at your $33 billion of opportunities in your base plan. As you guys look to layer in
North Central spend and you're looking at different financing opportunities, is there sort of any spending
opportunities within the core $33 billion that could be maybe secondary in nature or offsetting with North
Central coming online? Or should we sort of think about $2 billion from North Central additive to $33
billion? I'm just trying to figure it for modeling this, how we should think about that.

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

And that's why we've kept it outside. It's additive to the $33 billion.

Darcy Reese
Director, Investor Relations

Thank you for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any additional
questions you may have. Perky, would you please give the replay information.

Operator
Certainly. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference call will be available for replay starting today. Please
dial 1 (866) 207-1041 and enter the access code of 3291585. You may also dial (402) 970-0847 and
enter the access code of 3291585. The replay will be available until May 13, 2020, at midnight. Ladies and
gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you very much for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

