American Express Company NYSE:AXP
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 23, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.35

1.30

(3.70 %)

1.47

3.48

6.78

Revenue  (mm)

8711.20

8751.00

0.46

9702.24

36360.60

40335.48

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-22-2020 5:26 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

2.01

1.67

0.02

1.35

2.03

0.41

0.29

1.30

SURPRISE

1.00 %

(75.45 %)

1350.00 %

(3.70 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Craig Jared Maurer
Autonomous Research LLP

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

James Eric Friedman
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Mark C. DeVries
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Mengxian Jiao
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express Q3 2020 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Vivian Zhou.
Please go ahead.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Linda, and thank you all for joining today's call. As a reminder, before we begin, today's
discussion contains forward-looking statements about the company's future business and financial
performance. These are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and
uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements are
included in today's presentation slides and in our reports on file with the SEC.

The discussion today also contains non-GAAP financial measures. The comparable GAAP financial
measures are included in this quarter's earnings materials as well as earnings materials for the prior
periods we discussed. All of these are posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com.

We will begin today with Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, who will start with some remarks about the
company's progress and results; and then Jeff Campbell, Chief Financial Officer, will provide a more
detailed review of our third quarter financial performance. After that, we will move to a Q&A session on
the results with both Steve and Jeff.

With that, let me turn it over to Steve.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Vivian. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I hope you and your families are all
healthy and safe. As you saw this morning, we announced third quarter earnings of $1.30 per share
on $8.8 billion in revenues. While our results continue to be significantly affected by the impacts of the
pandemic, we're increasingly confident that our strategy for managing through the current environment is
the right one.

Overall, I feel very good about the progress we made in the quarter in a number of key areas. We've seen
a steady recovery in our overall spending volumes since the lows of mid-April. In fact, non-T&E spending
in the quarter, which has long accounted for the large majority of our volumes, was up slightly year-over-
year. Online consumer retail spending was particularly strong, up 32% over last year. And within our
commercial business, AP automation volumes continued their rapid growth, although from a small base,
doubling since last year's third quarter as more businesses adopt digital payment solutions.

Our credit metrics continue to be excellent, with delinquencies and net write-offs at the lowest levels
we've seen in a few years. Nevertheless, we continue to be cautious about the direction that the pandemic
packs on the economy, and this is reflected in our reserve levels, which Jeff will cover in more detail.
Voluntary attrition rates in our proprietary products remain lower than last year, demonstrating that our
customers continue to see value in our products and services.

We continue to invest in our business by launching our largest-ever Shop Small initiative, supporting small
merchants in 18 markets around the world. Also, the enhancements we made to the value propositions
on many of our card products have produced strong results, both in terms of increased spending and
customer retention. In addition, we've begun to selectively increase customer acquisition activities across
our businesses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

Let me quickly review our 4 key priorities for 2020, which I'll remind you include: supporting our
colleagues and winning as a team, protecting our customers and the brand, structuring the company
for growth and remaining financially strong. This last priority, remaining financially strong, is critically
important in any environment and especially in these uncertain times as it establishes the foundation
for executing against our strategic imperatives across our businesses. I'm pleased to say that we've
maintained a strong liquidity position. Our capital ratios are well above our targets, and we've continued to
pay our dividend each quarter.

In terms of our first priority, supporting our colleagues and winning as a team, from the beginning, our
goal has been to take care of our colleagues so that they could continue to take care of our customers. As
conditions begin to improve in a number of countries since moving virtually all of our 64,000 colleagues
to work-from-home arrangements in March, we have begun the phased reopening of our offices in 25 of
our locations, including our headquarters in New York, with a range of new safety procedures to ensure
the health and well-being of our colleagues. And we are giving our colleagues the flexibility to continue
working from home through June of 2021, should they choose to do so.

We're really proud of the resiliency and dedication of our colleagues -- our colleagues have demonstrated
through this period, which has helped to drive our progress on our next priority, protecting our customers
and the brand. Throughout this period, thanks to the efforts of our frontline staff, our customer
satisfaction levels have remained strong and have actually improved globally on a year-over-year basis.
Our customers have recognized our commitment to service excellence, ranking us #1 in the J.D. Power
2020 U.S. Credit Card Satisfaction Study, the 10th time we've achieved the top spot.

In addition to the expansion of our Shop Small program and the enhancements to our value propositions,
a key differentiator for us has been the timely rollout of short-term and enhanced longer-term relief
programs for customers who have experienced financial challenges during the pandemic. We're no longer
seeing new inflows into our short-term programs in the U.S., and we've expanded our longer-term
programs to 20 countries around the world.

Our last priority is structuring the company for growth. We continue to selectively invest for the long term.
You've seen this in the announcements, such as our recent acquisition of Kabbage, a leading financial
technology company serving small businesses in the U.S., and in the official launch of our network in
Mainland China, where in addition to signing merchants and cementing relationships with key digital
partners, WeChat and Alipay, we're currently working to develop debit capabilities on our network to
capture some of the significant debit usage within China.

Let me step back for a moment and tell you how we're thinking about our financial decisions moving
forward. We've been looking at our strategy for managing through this cycle through the lens of 3 phases.
The first phase has been about navigating through the peak of the crisis, and we've been focused on this
phase the past few quarters. The second phase, which we're now in the early stages of, is about rebuilding
our growth momentum by increasing investments in key strategic areas.

Our goal in doing this is to enable us to enter the third phase, generating pre-COVID levels of earnings
and returning to our financial growth algorithm. While we hope that the worst is behind us, we do not
know for certain that, that's the case. We recognize that there remains a high degree of uncertainty in the
environment. And that's why we'll continue our strategy of focusing on the 4 priorities I just discussed.

What's different is that now as we're beginning to see improvements in our business, we'll be placing
even a greater emphasis on accelerating investments in core strategic areas in order to build momentum
and position the company for long-term growth as economic conditions improve. Key areas of investment
will include: accelerating customer acquisition activities across our businesses; continuing to refresh
value propositions on our card products, including new, broader lifestyle benefits and additional business-
centric offerings; developing additional solutions beyond the card to expand our relationships with small
businesses; maintaining virtual parity coverage in the U.S. and expanding merchant coverage in key
international markets while strengthening and broadening critical partnerships and enhancing our digital
capabilities across our business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

The pace of our investment acceleration will be driven by the economic environment, which, as you
know, is highly dependent on the course the pandemic takes and the availability of additional government
stimulus in the U.S. and key international regions. In addition, while we plan to ramp up investments, we'll
maintain our flexibility by controlling operating expenses and pulling back on investments if conditions
deteriorate significantly.

Now I can't tell you when phase 3 will begin, but we're confident that the groundwork we will lay in
phase 2 will provide us with the foundation we need to generate momentum to gain share, scale and
relevance as we exit the recovery phase and return to pre-COVID levels of earnings and our financial
growth algorithm.

Before I hand the call over to Jeff, I want to take a moment to share my personal thoughts on the current
environment. Over the past few months, I've spent a lot of time talking with other key leaders across
industries, but particularly with our partners, our customers and our Board. I would say that while I'm
personally less optimistic in the near term, I am more optimistic about the longer-term prospects for our
economy and for American Express.

Near term, there continues to be a high degree of uncertainty about the direction of the virus and its
impact on the economy, developments in the political environment, the availability of future stimulus
packages and how local governments will react to changes in local conditions. However, I believe
we're well positioned to continue operating successfully through this period by being prepared for the
unexpected, maintaining financial flexibility and quickly adjusting our strategies as necessary.

Looking at the longer term, I am more optimistic. I believe there is a pent-up demand among consumers
to travel again once they feel safe to do so after many months sheltering at home. At the same time, I
believe the increases we see in online spending and the creative pivoting of business models in the small
business community will continue, and I believe we are poised to take advantage of the opportunities
these trends present.

I also believe that this crisis has made us even more resilient and agile and flexible as a company, which
will continue beyond this crisis and make us even stronger over the longer term. Having said that, no one
knows what the future will bring. But regardless, we'll continue to do what we're best at: focusing on what
we can control, such as taking care of our colleagues and serving our customers, putting the right building
blocks in place and creating momentum to drive future growth.

Thank you. And let me now hand it over to Jeff, who will walk you through our financial results.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. As I have the last 2 quarters, I'm going to talk
you through a different, somewhat more detailed set of slides from what we've used historically in order
to help you understand how our business is performing in this unprecedented environment. The key
drivers of our financial performance in this environment remain volume and credit trends, along with this
quarter, the early days of some spending on what Steve just called phase 2, our efforts to rebuild growth
momentum. So I'll spend most of my time in these areas.

Let's get right into our summary financials on Slide 3. As you can see, our results this quarter are better
than Q2. The spending rose sequentially. Our credit provision was much lower, and we used these
improved results to begin to fund more efforts to rebuild growth momentum. That said, our results
obviously continue to be significantly impacted by the global pandemic and the resulting containment
measures that governments are taking around the world.

Third quarter revenues of $8.8 billion were down 20% year-over-year on an FX-adjusted basis, driven by
declines in spend, lend and other travel-related revenues, while card fee revenues continued to grow. Net
income was $1.1 billion and earnings per a $1.30 in the third quarter, down 38% from a year ago.

To get into the details of our performance, let's start with volumes. As we have all year, we'll continue
to show you our billed business performance with a bit more granularity on monthly trends. Looking at

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

the first few weeks of October, I would point out that we have not seen any material changes thus far in
October compared to the monthly and quarterly data for Q3 that we'll focus on this morning.

Slide 4 shows that after hitting a low in the second quarter, overall billed business declines have improved
sequentially to down 20% year-over-year in Q3 on an FX-adjusted basis. Our proprietary business, which
makes up 86% of our total billings, drives most of our financial results, it was down the same 20%. The
remaining 14% of our overall billings, which comes from our network business, GNS, was down 16% in
the third quarter.

Now when you look at our proprietary billed business today, you really have to talk T&E spending
and non-T&E spending separately, given the very different impacts the pandemic has had on these
volume trends, as you can see on Slide 5. Non-T&E spending, which has long been the majority of our
volumes, has recovered to pre-COVID levels and actually grew 1% year-over-year in the quarter. T&E
spending remained down much more significantly, though it did show some continued modest, sequential
improvements throughout the third quarter, driven primarily by consumers.

These very different trends in non-T&E versus T&E drive much of the difference in volume performance
by segment and by customer type that you see on Slide 6. In the consumer segment, for example, U.S.
consumer spending has recovered faster than international consumer due to the higher mix of non-
T&E spending in our U.S. volumes. In the commercial segment, spending from small and medium-sized
enterprise customers, which historically has the highest mix of non-T&E spending, has been the most
resilient so far. Whereas large and global corporate card spending, which historically has been primarily
T&E, has been down the most during the pandemic. I'd also remind you that spending from our SME
customers represents the majority of our commercial billed business.

We drill down further into all these points, as you turn to Slide 7, which points out that, while historically
non-T&E spending was 70% of our proprietary billed business, today, non-T&E categories represent 88%
of our proprietary billed business. This mix shift has occurred across all customer types, as you see at the
bottom of the slide.

So what's driving this beyond the obvious decline in T&E spend? Well, as you would expect, we have
continued to see an increasing shift to online and card-not-present spending in the current environment.
The shift is most evident in the consumer business, whereas commercial spending in the non-T&E
categories has been predominantly online for quite some time, as you can see on Slide 8.

You see more about these shifts on Slide 9, with consumer online spend continuing to grow in the double
digits at an accelerated pace relative to pre-COVID levels, up 20% year-over-year in the third quarter,
even as off-line spend has gradually recovered from the April low. In our commercial segment in contrast,
since most of the spend was online even prepandemic, the online and off-line trends are more similar.

You see other drivers of the growth in non-T&E spending as you look at the categories of non-T&E spend
by segment on Slide 10. For consumers, you see the growth in non-T&E spending is driven by strong
growth in online retail spending, in line with the growth we just spoke about. For commercial, since the
bulk of spending was already online, the most significant area of growth is in advertising, media and
communications, particularly from small and medium-sized enterprises as they evolve their marketing
and customer engagement strategies in the current, more digital environment. So overall, we see
the consumers and SMEs, in particular, have adapted their behaviors to the challenges of the current
environment, which is why non-T&E spending has recovered to pre-COVID levels and is starting to show
some growth.

Now coming back to T&E on Slide 11. As a reminder, the majority of our T&E spending has historically
come from our consumer business, and that is even more true today. And consumer T&E spending has
continued to see a much faster recovery, as shown on Slide 12, followed by small and medium-sized
enterprises and then large corporations. We expect this trend to continue, given the pent-up demand to
travel that we see in our consumer base and our expectation that corporations, particularly large ones, will
continue to limit their T&E spending for some time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

You also see the different pace of recovery within the categories of T&E. Cruises, which are a very small
part of our business, have been slower to recover, followed by the airlines. Restaurant spending, on the
other hand, has been the most resilient throughout. In between, you see lodging and other T&E, where
you continue to see spending volumes modestly recover, but at varying paces. For example, spending
on home rentals and at resorts servicing domestic leisure travelers have been performing better than
spending at hotels in urban locations.

You see the impact of different mixes of T&E spend when you look at our international regions on Slide
13, which have more travel-related spending historically and, thus, are showing larger overall declines in
volume. U.S. spending volumes continue to steadily recover throughout the third quarter. On the other
hand, the volume recovery in Europe and Asia has moderated a bit, somewhat in line with some additional
restrictions in key markets for Amex, such as the U.K., parts of the EU, Japan and Australia.

And finally, as we look at spending in the U.S. across our 6 largest states from a volume standpoint on
Slide 14, I would say that the trends across states have been perhaps surprisingly similar, given the
variance in medical trends and government policies.

So moving next now to loans and receivables on Slide 15. Loans declined by 17% year-over-year in the
third quarter, primarily driven by lower spending volumes. As you've heard from many other institutions,
we also saw higher paydown rates in the third quarter, which drove a small sequential decline in loan
volumes despite the improvement in spend versus Q2.

Based on what we see today, if you assume some continued improvement in spending levels, I would
expect this quarter to be the low point for loan balances, and looking forward, for those balances to start
to grow modestly sequentially beginning in Q4, mostly driven in the beginning by transactor volumes
rebounding. Card Member receivables, on the other hand, were up 9% sequentially in the third quarter
relative to the second quarter, driven by the improvement in spending volumes I just spoke about.

So let's go now to our traditional credit metrics, which you see on Slide 16. And you see the credit trends
in the third quarter were solid and remained best in class. Card Member loans and receivable write-off
dollars, excluding GCP, were actually down 3% and 15% year-over-year, respectively, in the third quarter.
You do see an increase in write-off rates year-over-year, but this is primarily due to the significantly lower
loan and receivable balances as opposed to there being any significant change yet in these traditional
credit metrics, though we would expect to see some impact on these metrics in future quarters. In
addition, our delinquency dollars and rates continue to be down year-over-year and sequentially in the
third quarter. And in fact, our third quarter delinquency rates are the lowest we've seen in several years,
which is certainly unusual given the economic environment.

We feel good about our credit performance, our risk management capabilities and the work we've done
to manage our exposure so far. It all starts with the changes we've made over the last few years in our
risk management practices, which gave us a solid starting position, as well as the way we mobilized our
organization to ensure that we had the appropriate programs and people in place to support our Card
Members who needed financial assistance.

Of course, like others, our customers are also helped by external factors such as the impact of record
levels of government stimulus and the broad availability of forbearance programs. As a result, we do
remain cautious about the potential for future shocks to the economy, and that caution is reflected in the
macroeconomic outlook that informs our credit reserves.

Moving on to Slide 17, you will see that our provision expense for the third quarter is significantly lower
sequentially and also declined 24% year-over-year, simply reflecting our strong credit performance as
well as a modest adjustment to our reserves. As we think about the range of economic outcomes that are
used in our modeling of CECL reserves to the expected lifetime loss of the receivables and loans on our
balance sheet, you will see on Slide 18 that the range of macroeconomic assumptions we have used in our
calculations are more divergent for the third quarter relative to Q2. The baseline scenario has improved
a bit for the prior quarter, but the downside scenario is more pessimistic. And we have weighted it more
than we did in Q2, given the continued high level of uncertainty in the economy and the pace of recovery.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

The impact of this more cautious set of macroeconomic assumptions on our reserve models was offset by
our favorable credit metrics and also a modest sequential decline in loan volumes this quarter, resulting
overall in there being very little change to our reserve levels, as you can see on Slide 19. We ended the
third quarter with $6.5 billion of reserves, representing 8% of our loan balances and 1% of our Card
Member receivable balances, respectively, in line with Q2 and up $2.2 billion from their prepandemic
levels.

So how do we feel about this level of reserves in today's environment? We believe that the reserves
on our balance sheet are appropriate, given the broad range of economic outcomes envisioned in our
baseline and downside scenarios. And looking at the balances that are in delinquent status or in one of our
Financial Relief Programs on Slide 20, those balances continue to decline sequentially to $4.2 billion at the
end of Q3 and now stand $1.4 billion higher than they were prepandemic.

As we wound down the short-term customer pandemic relief program that we put in place at the height
of the crisis in March, we've continued to see that the majority of the balances that have exited the
program have remained current. The increase in our longer-term Financial Relief Program balances over
the past 2 quarters reflects the effectiveness of the work we have done to help Card Members that need
financial assistance enroll in the right longer-term program for them. Historically, the credit outcomes
of Card Members that enroll in these programs are better than those that do not, with around 80% of
enrolled balances successfully completing these programs. And the repayment trends of the Card Members
currently enrolled in FRP have been in line with our historical experience. Only time will tell what the
ultimate level of write-offs will be given the completely unprecedented nature of the global environment,
but we feel good about our risk management practices, the way we are managing our exposure through
the current environment and the resulting level of reserves we are holding.

Moving on to revenues on Slide 21. Revenues were down 20% year-over-year in the third quarter. Given
the spend-centric nature of our business model, revenue declines have improved sequentially in line with
volume since the lows in mid-April.

Turning to our largest component of revenue, discount revenue. I would move you ahead to Slide 23. As
expected, the contraction in discount revenue was larger than the decline in billed business due to the
difference in T&E and non-T&E billings trends. This drove a 12 basis point decline in the average discount
rate in the third quarter relative to the prior year since we, on average, earn higher discount rates with
T&E merchants versus non-T&E merchants. Looking forward, if T&E spending continues to modestly
recover, we would expect to see slightly less year-over-year discount rate erosion in the fourth quarter.

Turning next to Slide 24. Net card fee growth has been strong throughout this year and grew 15%
this quarter, demonstrating the impact of the continued strong Card Member engagement that Steve
discussed. But growth has been decelerating steadily because of our decision to pull back on new card
acquisitions as we were managing through the peak of uncertainty during the crisis. I do expect some
continued deceleration in growth rates, but I would still expect double-digit net card fee growth in the
fourth quarter.

Moving on to the details of net interest income and yield on Slide 25. On the left-hand side, you see that
net interest income declined 15% on an FX-adjusted basis, which was slightly less than the loan declines
we saw in the third quarter due to the year-over-year expansion in yield that you see on the right-hand
side of the page. Net interest yield on our Card Member loans increased 40 basis points year-over-year
in the third quarter, driven by modest tailwinds from lower funding costs, mix and effectively pricing for
risk. Looking forward into the fourth quarter and assuming we continue to see higher paydown rates from
revolving Card Members, I'd expect net interest income to be relatively flat sequentially.

Moving on to Slide 26. We're continuing to break out our expenses between variable customer
engagement expenses, which come down naturally as spend declines and benefits uses changes and
marketing and OpEx, which are driven by management decisions. Variable customer engagement
expenses in total were down 27% year-over-year, driven by lower spend and lower usage of travel-related
benefits. The year-over-year decline in variable customer engagement expenses provided a 50% offset to
the revenue decline in the third quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

In the fourth quarter, I'd expect to see somewhat less of an offset if the recent modest uptick in T&E
rewards redemptions and usage of travel-related benefits continues. We are clearly seeing evidence of
pent-up demand for travel in our Membership Rewards base as Card Members are banking points to
use on future travel as opposed to redeeming them on one of our many non-travel-related redemption
alternatives.

In contrast to the declines in variable customer engagement expenses, marketing expenses were up 23%
year-on-year. This aligns with Steve's earlier point that we have entered the second phase of our strategy
for managing through this cycle, which is about rebuilding growth momentum. The increase was driven
by the enhancements we have made to our value propositions and by the approximately $200 million we
spent on our largest-ever Shop Small campaign. Based on the current economic environment, I would
expect our marketing expense in the fourth quarter to be at levels similar to the third quarter.

Finally, operating expenses were down 8% year-over-year in the third quarter as we executed on our cost-
reduction plans. Looking ahead, we have begun to selectively spend in areas critical to rebuilding growth
momentum as we enter phase 2. As a result, we expect our Q2 through Q4 year-over-year OpEx declines
will be somewhat less than the $1 billion we initially discussed back in April, which, in hindsight, was at
the moment of peak uncertainty about the future.

Moving last to capital and liquidity on Slide 27. Our capital and liquidity positions remain tremendously
strong as they have all year. Our CET1 ratio increased to 13.9%, our highest level since we began
reporting this ratio, reflecting the retention of capital generated by stronger earnings this quarter. Our
cash and investment balance remained at a near-record high of $55.5 billion in the third quarter. We
obviously remain confident in the significant flexibility we have to maintain a strong balance sheet and
liquidity in periods of heightened stress and uncertainty. Looking forward, we are committed to our
dividend distribution and to our long-term CET1 target ratio of 10% to 11% as the economic situation
becomes clearer and as the Fed allows banks to resume share repurchases.

In summary, though the external environment remains uncertain in the near term, we are confident in
how we are managing the company for the long term. The investments we are making in phase 2 will
provide us with the foundation we need to rebuild growth momentum to gain share, scale and relevance
as we exit the recovery phase and return to pre-COVID levels of earnings in our financial growth algorithm
in phase 3.

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Vivian.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations
Thank you, Jeff. Before we open up the lines for Q&A, I will ask those in the queue to please limit yourself
to just 1 question. Thank you for your cooperation. With that, the operator will now open up the line for
questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So Jeff, October, you said, hasn't changed much. But if you look at September, I mean, in the U.S., most
of the states are sort of ramping up in terms of their year-over-year. Has that ramp-up continued? Or has
that stalled?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Good question. We chose not to add the first half of October this time because the trends all continue.
So what that means is you do continue to see modest but steady improvement in the U.S. and you do
continue to see a little bit more caution in Europe and markets like Australia and Japan. So I think if you
look at those July, August, September trends, it gives you a pretty good sense of what we're seeing right
up through today.

Operator

Next, we will go to the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Question on the phased -- entry into phase 2 in the marketing. I heard you're moving into the phase 2
here. Wanted to understand what you saw in your customer set that said this is the right time to do this
now. And how that feeds into not only the marketing piece, but the other investments you're making?
Should we take from that, that year-on-year is now going to be more normal than down?

And then the other piece of that question is if this more negative scenario that you outlined very cleanly
and clearly in your deck on the negative environment, if that were to happen, do you flex back to the
phase 1 environment?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

So let me -- I'll take that, Betsy. And let me provide a little bit of context overall on how we think about
this. When I first took over, I was asked the question how I would navigate in a credit situation. Nobody
ever asked me to question how I'd navigate in a pandemic, but I was asked that question. I was also
asked that question when we had our investor call this year. And what I said was we would invest for the
long term through a crisis. And that's what we're doing.

So why start now? And look, we entered phase 2 basically towards the latter stages of the third quarter
as far as I'm concerned. What we saw is exactly what Jeff just talked to Don about. We saw a steady
improvement in billings. We have a real understanding of what's going on from a credit perspective. And
for us, it makes sense to invest in the business. And let's look at sort of how I think and how the executive
team thinks about this.

When we look at this particular quarter, if you dive into these numbers, what you will see is that our
marketing expenditure in this quarter was up 23% year-over-year, not sequentially, but year-over-year.
And I don't know how many people had that, either in their calculus or sort of in their models, but during
times like this, probably the go-to move is to reduce marketing. But we don't believe that that's true.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

What we believe in a situation like this is the most important thing that we can do is solidify our
foundation. And our foundation is built on 2 things. It is built on our Card Members, our merchants -- Card
Members and merchants and our brand. And what you saw us do in the third quarter from a merchant
perspective and a brand perspective, we invested $200 million in 18 countries over 12 weeks in the largest
small business campaign that we've ever done in the history of the company. And that has given us, with
our constituents in small business, a lot of positive impact. It has helped the brand. It resonates on who
we are.

From a Card Member perspective, we continue to make value injections. And the reality is, is what has
happened is that you see attrition levels lower than last year. And a lot of our Card Members are fee-
paying Card Members, and they are sticking with us because: number one, we continue to invest in the
relationship; number two, we continue to provide the best service in the industry. So it was very important
for us to solidify that foundation. And I said that's what we would do, and that is exactly what we are
doing.

The second point I would make, and this gets to investing for growth, was once you solidify that
foundation, how do you build on that foundation? And we did 3 very specific things in the quarter.

The 3 things that we did were: number one, we stepped up card acquisition. Sequentially, quarter-over-
quarter, we have 40% increase in cards acquired. We acquired 1.4 million Card Members in the quarter
versus 1 million. That's down from last year, but we're selectively doing it because what we are doing
is we have more line of sight right now into behaviors. We have more line of sight into the potential
customers that we can acquire.

We went out and we acquired Kabbage. Kabbage is going to accelerate our efforts in small business from
a platform perspective by anywhere from 18 to 24 months from what we would invest on ourselves. And
Kabbage will help us create really an SME digital banking platform, which is all-inclusive. And so we feel
good about that. And we launched our network in China, and we certainly feel good about that. And we
continue to invest in coverage.

So as I sit here, it would have been pretty easy for me to say to the team, "Let's reduce marketing by
20%. Let's do this and so forth." And if you look at sort of the numbers that we reported, our -- between
our increase in marketing and the lack of reduction, that's like a $0.40 EPS swing. So if I would reduce
marketing by 20% as opposed to increased marketing by 20%, we'd be sitting here potentially talking
about $1.70 EPS. But the reality is, in this environment, $1.70 EPS is short term, short lived and not what
we're focused on as a company. What we are focused on as a company is continuing to build this brand
and to build this franchise for the long term. And the investments that we are making will play out for
years to come.

To your question about will we pull back. And what do we need to see about pulling back? We'll continue
to watch the credit markets. We will continue to see how our Card Members behave. We'll continue to see
how governments open up.

So for example, if everything was closed, it made no sense to do that small business promotion. We had
decided to do that small business promotion really in early May at the right time, and we waited until
the end of June to launch it in the United States because states weren't opening. So we will pull back on
marketing from both an acquisition perspective and a support perspective if we see closures or if we don't
have the line-of-sight insight. And a nice part about that is, is we have the flexibility to do that and we're
not committed. But what we are committed to doing is to continue to invest in this franchise for the longer
term.

Operator

Next, we will go to the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

I think we lost him.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

[Technical Difficulty]

Operator

David, are you there?

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes, I am. Can you hear me now?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Great.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Steve, you called out maintaining virtual parity coverage in the U.S. with Visa and Mastercard, and you
articulated some initiatives there. I'm wondering if you could talk a bit more about your thoughts around
the MDR and how that could evolve going forward.

And then international expansion, you also highlighted you pulled back in Europe and Australia with GNS
being effectively shut down. How are you thinking about expanding in some of these international areas in
this environment? Is it more with the proprietary card going forward?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Well, let me just answer the second question first, and I'll come back to the first one. But yes, look, I
think, in Europe and in Australia, the way sort of regulations work, our economic model doesn't really work
in a GNS environment. And so to remind people, we do have a premium discount rate within Europe and
within Australia. And within Europe, if, in fact, we had gone to a 4-party model, which we had a 4-party
model, and we had a 3-party model, it would have regulated our interchange and, therefore, reduced our
margins significantly. So we're effectively out of GNS as it relates to Europe and as it relates to Australia.

But if you look at our business, the 2 fastest-growing pieces of our business prepandemic was our
international SME business and our international consumer business. And with the advantage that we
do have is we are able to really target Card Members who were looking for tremendous value within the
products. And so you see a preponderance of fee-based products in international with a lot of value from a
Card Member and driving significant spend into those markets.

So we continue to invest in Europe in card acquisition. But more importantly, right now, we're investing in
merchant coverage. And what we've done is we've looked at sort of our international markets, and we've
talked about strategic markets and sort of the top markets that we invest in. But we also look at the cities
where our Card Members live and where they travel to. Now obviously, Card Members aren't traveling
anywhere right now, but we do look at the top cities across the world. And we have focused our coverage
efforts in really to get a lot more targeted coverage, and we've had lots of success, and we will continue to
do that.

So -- and we're using the same kinds of tools that we did in the United States, whether it's -- while we
can't use an OptBlue program in Europe per se, we're using our 1 point, eases, telemarketing and so forth.
And we see significant coverage increases in those markets in international. So we're still committed.
We're still investing. And once we get through this pandemic, they will continue to be some of the fastest-
growing pieces of our business.

As far as the U.S., and let's just talk about the discount rate for a second, we saw actually a sequential
increase in the discount rate this quarter, obviously, a decrease year-over-year. And that is really due
to mix. And so when you look at mix, with T&E being 69% down year-over-year and those industries
having the higher MDR, that's what's really driving it. Maintaining virtual parity coverage, we are there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

Any discount rate erosion that was either contemplated or done has been done as it relates to OptBlue
and virtual parity coverage. So we're beyond that. I think what you're seeing now in the discount rate
erosion is really due to mix of business. And what our expectations are is when we get back to a normal
environment whenever that may be, you will see a normal mix.

Because we believe -- and look, I don't know about you, but I'm going a little bit crazy just sort of staying
in my house and not traveling and not being on the road seeing customers and partners and colleagues
or taking vacations with my family. And so there is a pent-up demand certainly for consumer travel. And
you're seeing a little bit more of that, very, very small right now, but there is going to be a big pent-up
demand. And we'll be there and ready to serve that demand when it comes to fruition.

Operator

Next, we'll go to the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

If we look ahead 12 months from now, hopefully, we're in an environment where travel and spending have
more fully normalized. But retaining existing customers until we get to that point seems like a critical
element of your strategy. Can you frame for us how you think about the dynamics around the cost of
retaining an existing customer today versus the cost of losing that customer and having to reacquire them
later?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think the dynamic is very simple. It is traditionally and over time and will always be a lot cheaper
to retain a customer than it is to acquire a new customer. And so it is an investment that we are making
and will continue to make. I mean just think about what it takes to sort of mine, to go get new customers
and then to bring them along from a spending perspective. We have sort of worked with our customers
here to target their spending. And what we're seeing is, obviously, some of our customers are spending
in areas now that they hadn't spent before. And if you look at sort of some of the things that we've done
with streaming credits and even with wireless credits and even shipping credits, we have actually engaged
our Card Members to spend in areas that they hadn't spent in before.

And it's always amazing to me the dynamic of how people compartmentalize their spending. And you
would just think that everybody who is using the product would use it consistently across these things.
But some of these programs that we've had to retain customers have actually helped to open up new
categories and so -- where they're spending with us.

And so what happens here is, as we open up those new categories, that will continue and be consistent
over time as they then get back to their travel spending. So I think some of the investment and some
of the spending that we're seeing now is going to benefit us going forward. So bottom line, much, much
cheaper. And I can't give you the exact numbers, the ROIs and so forth, but much cheaper to retain an
existing customer than it is to mine for a new one.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Steve, I might just also point back to your earlier comments about our attrition rates being down versus
prepandemic. The foundation of our business are very long-term customer relationships. So when you look
at our best customers, the attrition rates are remarkably low. Customers stay with us for a very long time.
And so that's what we build the company on, Bill, and that's what we're focused on maintaining through
the pandemic.

Operator

Next, we'll go to the line of Rick Shane with JPMorgan.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I really appreciate the additional disclosure. It's very helpful in understanding a lot of these trends. Jeff,
looking at Slide 20, I am curious if the Financial Relief Programs that you're offering are disproportionately
being offered to the SME borrowers. And if that's an area that we should be watching in terms of emerging
credit?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

So that's actually a really good question, Rick. And since you flipped to Page 20, I'll encourage everyone
to flip. Because the really interesting thing is that, if you go back to April, so the peak moment really in
hindsight of uncertainty, in April, there were a disproportionate number of our SME customers who signed
up for our very short term, to 1 month as you recall, customer pandemic relief program.

The really interesting thing, though, as the months have gone by is when you go to today and to the
numbers on the far right of Page 20, in fact, the SME customers are no longer a disproportionate share.
And so it appears to us that the small and mid-sized enterprise customers, I think, prudently said, "Well,
heck, I'm not sure what the future holds. If this program is out there, I'm going to sign up for it," back in
April. But most of them have pulled out of it, have not signed up in disproportionate numbers for the FRP
programs. And so we feel good about small business.

And in fact, I think it's probably worth reminding everyone that our Small Business Card members are
predominantly people like contractors and architects and lawyers who, for the most part, are thriving in
the current environment. And only a very small percentage of our Small Business Card members are in
some of the hardest-hit sectors, like restaurants or online retail -- or excuse me, off-line retail.

Operator

Next, we'll go to the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair.

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Steve, the B2B payments market is an area that you've done -- American Express has done a lot of
investing in. And I know it's off a small base, but you bought acompay. You're partnering with Bill.com
with Middle Tree, with Coupa, with others. What is the long-term vision for that business? When does it
become not off of a small base? And is this something that could be 10% or a real material portion of the
American Express business over the long term?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, look, I think that you call out a number of the partnerships that we have, whether it's with
Coupa or whether it's with SAP, whether it's with Ariba, obviously -- or acompay, our own product. That's
only a component of it. I would argue that a lot of the B2B is built into the SME piece of it right now
because, look, 80% of our SME volume is non-T&E. And if you are a small business, if you're a lawyer
or you're a contractor, you're buying your supplies to run your company that way. So I think what you're
really talking about, Bob, is the automation piece of that, right?

And even if you look at our corporate card business, our corporate card business, obviously, there's
nobody, I mean, hardly anybody that is sort of traveling at this point. And the T&E component of our
corporate card business is really, really down. And the reality is that component, though, of our business
is only 6% of our overall business. And yet, our corporate card business is not down nearly as much as
the corporate card T&E piece because of some of the inroads we've made with B2B from a corporate
perspective.

And so I think what we probably need to do is figure out how to frame this a little bit better. But the reality
is, is that so much of our SME and corporate spending is actually B2B today. What we're really talking

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

about is how do you automate it. And that's what we're working on. And I think, over time, that will
become bigger. But I would argue, a lot of that spending is a large percentage of our growth right now in
SME. And I think when you get into large corporate, there is a big opportunity to do that.

And that's -- when you look at the partnership with Bill.com, obviously, that is not targeted at a large
corporation. That is targeted at an SME, and our acompay is the same thing. So more to come on that,
but I think it is a growing piece. And what you're seeing with the doubling of acompay automation is the
actual automation versus the normal card usage that you would normally see.

Operator

Next, we'll go to the line of Jamie Friedman with Susquehanna.

James Eric Friedman
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Thank you for the additional disclosures. Steve, Jeff, I just wanted to ask, the GNS actually declined less
than proprietary. I was just -- maybe a minor detail, but I was just wondering is that because of easier
comps. Or is that less T&E in GNS.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, Jamie, if you think about the fact that because, as Steve talked about earlier, we have had to pull
out of the GNS business in Europe and Australia, what's left is not necessarily a group of business that
is representative of what's happening around the globe. And in fact, a handful of company -- countries
account for a large percentage of the volume, and those countries happen to be places like South Korea
and Japan and Brazil and Israel. So particularly with South Korea as the largest single country, and if you
think about how they have done with their particular approach to the control of the virus and economy,
it kind of makes sense that it would be a little bit stronger. But it's not really -- those numbers aren't
reflective of kind of an average across the whole rest of the world is what I would say.

Operator

Next, we'll go to the line of Mark DeVries with Barclays.

Mark C. DeVries
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Jeff, as you alluded to earlier, you maintain that 10% to 11% economic capital requirement. And prior
to the pandemic, you had managed down to it quite effectively, but it's obviously expanded again with
the roll-off of balances here and the suspension of the buyback. Can you just help us think through when
you'll be able to return the buybacks? Is that just going to be Fed-driven based on the results of your
new stress test? Or is it going to be also self-determined based on what you see? And when you feel
comfortable buying back shares, at what pace should we think about you kind of drawing that down back
to your longer-term economic capital requirements?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. All good questions, Mark. So a couple of things. I mean clearly, we do need to wait until the Fed
allows share repurchases again. But as I say that I'd remind everyone that, for us, the Fed requirements
on capital are well below our 10% to 11% target. So they're not really a constraint on being at that level.
They're only a constraint because right now they've just blanketly said to everyone, "You can't do share
repurchase." So once they give the green light.

The other thing is we do want to make sure we have visibility into the future direction of the economy. As
you sit here today, we've talked a couple of times, both Steve and I, about the fact that while our baseline
as things continue to get a little bit better, we have to be ready for the fact that they may not. We'll have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

to see. So we need a little bit of economic clarity, and then we'll go and we'll start working towards our
10% to 11% target.

I wouldn't expect, Mark, to see -- to have us do an accelerated share repurchase and get there in 1
quarter. But you'll see us go back to the kind of pace we were doing before, which will get us there over
the course of a relatively small number of quarters.

Operator

Next, we'll go the line of Meng Jiao with Deutsche Bank.

Mengxian Jiao
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Steve, I just wanted to check in with you. In your conversations with some of your larger partners, I
wanted to get a sense on how they're doing. And what's continuing to be worrisome to them in this
climate and going forward?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Well, I mean, if you look, we've got lots of partners, right? I mean I had a conversation with Dan
Schulman. He didn't have a lot of worries then. And they're doing great, and we're doing great partnership
with them between pay with points and being embedded within the PayPal ecosystem. And that's a great
partnership for us.

And when I talk to Ed Bastian, I think Delta is doing a great job navigating the crisis, but they're at the
mercy of how people feel. And -- but when you look at our cards with Delta, that spending is at or better
than the spending that we have on all our other products. And the same thing when -- if I talk to Chris
Nassetta and Arne over at Marriott, Chris, at Hilton, their perspective is it's a slow recovery here. And
when you think about sort of the hotel industry, conventions is a big part of it, and that's not going to
probably come back anytime soon, but they're starting to see an uptick in more localized stays, where
people can drive to a hotel and not travel.

And even Delta is starting to see a little bit of a pickup as well. But I think, consistent with what I've said,
I think you're looking to see a tick-up in consumer behavior from a travel perspective sort of towards
the end of the year, first quarter next year. But I think we're all consistent in terms of how we feel about
business travel, which is probably not going to be until late 2021 or early 2022.

But what I would say is that whether it's Hilton, BA, Marriott or Delta, we are really pleased with the
partnerships that we have from a co-brand perspective. And those cards in the markets they're in are
performing at or better than our overall portfolio. And it's because, as I've said many times, people are
invested in their products for the longer term. They're invested in their miles, they're invested in their
experiences. And when you put great brands like that together and create great experiences, people will
hold on, and that's what's happening.

And this will pass. When it's going to pass? I can't tell you, but it will pass. And as a society, as a world,
we will figure out how to navigate this over time.

Operator

Next we'll go the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous Research.

Craig Jared Maurer
Autonomous Research LLP

So 2 questions for you. First, on the merchant discount rate. More specifically, when typical seasonality
would suggest that the implied rate or the calculated rate would fall in the fourth quarter. Curious if your
expectation is that T&E will recover enough in the fourth quarter to offset that typical decline.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

And secondly, professional fees were materially higher than what we had expected. And was curious if that
was driven by support for things like the small business campaign.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, the answer to the first one is easy and quick. I do expect that the steady improvement we're seeing
in T&E will more than offset any of the normal seasonality on the discount rate. I would remind you that,
even though T&E is down a lot more than non-T&E, if you actually look at the rate of improvement from
the second quarter to the third quarter, Craig, T&E is improving faster because it fell so much. And so we'd
expect that, in general, to continue.

And then the professional fees, remember, we're constantly moving back and forth between, particularly
on the technology side, work we do in-house versus work we do through a variety of different firms we
work with around the globe. So you really need to focus overall on OpEx, which we feel good about being
down a couple of hundred million again this quarter versus the prior year and, of course, being down much
more than that versus our original plan.

Operator

Our final question will come from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

So I wanted to follow up on the improvement going forward through the back part of this year. Are you
guys concerned maybe the cooler weather might affect people eating out? You might have some more
closures, lack of stimulus, the small business initiative that you have kind of sunset. Can you just talk
about your confidence in the acceleration of the growth? And then these new accounts that you're bringing
on, when do you expect to get traction on the top line from those customers?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Well, look, I think, just to the first piece of this, as I said in my remarks, I mean, there's just so much
uncertainty on everything that you just mentioned, which is why I think it's so important to keep that
flexibility. I mean everything that you said could come to pass. Whether it does or not, I do not know. And
that's why we need to keep flexibility.

And that's why also, we did our investment in sort of small business when we did it. We will still do our
Small Business Saturday on a global basis. We're committed to doing that, and we will continue to invest
in those brand-building activities.

But I think, Sanjay, look, I mean, I think when you look at the Northeast, you don't know what's going
to happen in terms of restaurants. You don't know if you're going to be at 25%, you're going to be at
complete closures. It's going to be pretty hard to eat outside in the snow and things like that. But then if
you go to Florida, you have 100% openings right now.

So you have inconsistency across the United States. You have inconsistency across the globe. And so
we're going to have to just continue to watch that, and we're also going to continue to make sure that we
are taking into account, from an investment perspective, how the 2 of those things meet up.

But what I would also tell you is, look, we've got salespeople out right now doing face-to-face calls.
Obviously, social distancing, masks and so forth. And the reality is they want to get out, and people want
to see them. So you've got a very different environment depending upon where you are in the United
States.

As far as sort of top line growth for new cards acquired, I think it's going to be hard to see the top line
growth because you've got this compression that's happened due to the travel. So we'll be looking at --
obviously, we're adding on more Card Members. They're adding on spend. But even as they add on spend,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

they're not going to be at [indiscernible] because they're not going to have the travel component within
early on.

And so I think we'll look at it. But as far as from the outside perspective, you're still going to have this
push down on revenue year-over-year up until the first quarter of sort of next year probably just because
of what has happened to the economy. And so I think it's more second, third and fourth quarter of next
year where additional Card Members that we add, you'll have a grow over, over 2020.

But when I think about this and the team thinks about this, we anchor everything off 2019. I mean we
want to get back to that normal state and to get to that grow over from 2019. So that to us is truly a
return to normal.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

With that, we will bring the call to an end. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Jeff. Thank you again for joining
today's call, and thank you for your continued interest in American Express. The IR team will be available
for any follow-up questions. Operator, back to you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, the webcast replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at
ir.americanexpress.com shortly after the call. You can also access a digital replay of the call at (866)
207-1041 or (402) 970-0847, the access code is 7808699, after 12 p.m. Eastern on October 23 through
midnight November 1. That will conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation
and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

