Ameren Corporation NYSE:AEE
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, August 07, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.89

0.98

10.11

1.54

3.45

3.77

Revenue  (mm)

1442.33

1398.00

(3.07 %)

1689.65

6072.14

6410.14

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2020 12:30 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.45

0.31

0.71

0.89

1.47

0.38

0.59

0.98

1.38 %

22.58 %

(16.90 %)

10.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew Kirk
Director of Investor Relations

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of
Ameren Missouri & President of
Ameren Services

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Kody Clark
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to
introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr.
Kirk. You may begin.

Andrew Kirk
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as
well as other members of the Ameren management team joining remotely. Warner and Michael will discuss
our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for
questions.

Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that's
accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To
assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage
that will be referenced by our speakers.

As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain
statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include
those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial
performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking
statements section in the news release we issued yesterday and the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk
Factors section in the filings with the SEC.

Lastly, all per-share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance,
are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of
the presentation.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I jump into our
presentation, I'll start by saying that I hope you, your families and colleagues are safe and healthy during
this challenging time.

This morning, I will begin our presentation by providing a COVID-19 update and in particular, highlight
the actions we have taken to support our customers, communities and coworkers. I will then touch on our
second quarter results and 2020 earnings guidance, and finish with a discussion of several key elements
of our strategy that we continue to execute very well, which will position us to continue delivering strong,
long-term value for our customers and shareholders.

Turning now to Slide 4 and COVID-19. Our strong commitment to the safety of our coworkers, customers
and communities remains constant. So too is our strong focus on delivering safe, reliable and affordable
electric and natural gas service during this unprecedented time.

We recognize that millions of customers in Missouri and Illinois are depending on us. I can't express
enough appreciation to my coworkers who have shown great agility, innovation, determination and a
keen focus on safety and delivering on our mission to power the quality of life. While we are focused on
delivering safe, reliable and affordable service, we also recognize that our mission goes beyond this during
this challenging time. We recognized that our customers and communities have significant needs. That is
why we are working directly with our customers on special payment plans for their utility bills. We are also

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

working closely with many dedicated community partners and have contributed approximately $15 million
for energy assistance and COVID-19 support to our customers in Missouri and Illinois.

And I'm very pleased to tell you that our coworkers and Board of Directors are directly engaged in this
effort through our AmerenCares "Power of Giving" for COVID-19. Together, these programs are helping
our residential, small business and small business and not-for-profit customers meet their needs. In
addition, we are tirelessly working with our customers to help them gain access to a host of federal
support programs, including low-income energy assistance funds. Our customers are at the center of our
strategy, and we will continue to take steps to help them during this unprecedented time. Throughout this
challenging period, I'm also pleased to say that we have been effectively executing on our strategy across
all of our businesses. The key element of our strategy is to invest in energy infrastructure to benefit our
customers and in so doing, provide important jobs to support the local economy as well as local suppliers
at a time when they are needed most.

Looking ahead, we recognize that we will need to be managing the impacts of COVID-19 for some time.
With safety and delivering on our mission and strategy at the top of our minds, we plan to continue
managing our business under our current COVID-19 protocols, which includes having a significant portion
of Ameren workforce working remotely for at least the end of this year.

We also continue to carefully monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our electric sales, liquidity and supply
chain. To date, these impacts have been manageable and in line with our expectations. At the same time,
we remain focused on exercising financial discipline to mitigate the potential impacts of COVID-19, while
capitalizing on some key opportunities that we have identified during this crisis, including benefits we are
realizing from our digital transformation investments and streamlined operating practices.

Turning now to Page 5 for an update on the second quarter results and 2020 earnings guidance.
Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2020 earnings of $0.98 per share compared to $0.72 per share
earned in 2019.

A summary of the key drivers of the year-over-year increase of $0.26 per share is provided on this page,
which Mike will discuss in more detail in a moment. The strong execution of our strategic plan drove
strong quarterly earnings results and enabled us to affirm our 2020 earnings guidance range of $3.40 per
share to $3.60 per share.

Moving to Page 6. Here, we reiterate our strategic plan, which as I just mentioned, we've been executing
very well throughout the year. We expect our plan to continue delivering significant value for our
customers and strong long-term earnings growth for our shareholders.

The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with
existing regulatory frameworks. This has driven our multiyear focus on investing in energy infrastructure
for the long-term benefit of customers in all of our jurisdictions. As you can see on the right side of this
page, during the first half of this year, we invested significant capital in each of our business segments to
best serve our customers. Most notably, Ameren Transmission, where we effectively managed a nearly
25% increase in infrastructure investment compared to the first half of 2019. These investments are
delivering value to our customers and community.

Our energy grid is becoming more reliable, resilient and secure. And our digital investments are enhancing
our customers' experience. Of course, we are not done. Looking ahead, we continue to see the need
for robust energy infrastructure investments to meet our customers' energy needs and exceed their
expectations while keeping rates affordable. Our electric rates in both Missouri and Illinois continue to
be well below the Midwest and national averages. As we discussed in our first quarter earnings call, new
electric rates went into effect on April 1 of this year as a result of a constructive settlement in Ameren
Missouri's electric rate review.

The settlement included a $32 million annual revenue decrease, which marks the second consecutive
decrease since 2018. Since Ameren Missouri's last electric weight review in 2017, its customer rates have
decreased by 7% while at the same time, we have continued to make significant investments in energy
infrastructure to benefit our customers. As Michael will cover in more detail later, we have also been very

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

busy managing our electric and natural gas regulatory proceedings in Illinois. We expect a final decision in
the electric proceeding by December of this year and a final decision in the gas proceeding by January of
next year.

Finally, another important element of the first pillar of our strategy has been and remains our relentless
focus on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management to keep rates affordable.

Moving to the second pillar of our strategy, which includes enhancing regulatory frameworks for the
benefits of all stakeholders. As you know, we continue to support the proposed Downstate Clean Energy
Affordability Act in Illinois. This is important legislation would allow Ameren Illinois to make significant
investments in solar energy and battery storage to improve reliability as well as to make investments in
transportation electrification in order to benefit customers in the economy across Central and Southern
Illinois.

In addition, it would help address depressing energy policy challenges for challenges facing the state,
including the need for additional renewable sources and better electric vehicle charging infrastructure. This
bill will help address these challenges and move the State of Illinois closer to reaching this goal of 100%
clean energy by 2050.

In addition, this legislation would modify the allowed return on equity formula to increase the basis point
adder to the average 30-year treasury rate from 580 to 680 and will also extend the electric performance-
based rate-making framework through 2032. Importantly, this legislation builds on Ameren Illinois' efforts
to modernize the energy grid under a transparent and stable regulatory framework that has supported
significant investment to modernize the energy grid, while improving reliability and creating approximately
1,400 jobs, all while keeping rates well below the Midwest and national averages.

In fact, all-in residential rates in 2020 are down 1% compared to 2012, the first year of performance-
based rates. Simply put, the performance-based grid monetization legislation that was passed in 2011
and extended twice by the Illinois legislature under different administrations has been an overwhelming
success for Illinois.

With all these benefits in mind, we remain focused on working with key stakeholders to get this important
legislation passed.

Turning now to Page 7. I'll provide an update on FERC regulatory matters. In May, the FERC issued an
order on the rehearing request related to its November 2019 order addressing 2 complaint cases that
reduced MISO's base return on equity.

The order established a new base return on equity methodology using 3 models: the risk premium model,
capital asset pricing metal and the discounted cash flow model. The revised order sets a base return
on equity of 10.02% for transmission projects for the first complaint case period and effective as of
September 28, 2016. This results in a return on equity of 10.52% for Ameren Transmission, including the
50 basis point adder for being a part of MISO.

The FERC also dismissed the second complaint case. We are pleased with the order and believe it to
be constructive as the new 3 model methodology expands the range of reasonableness used to assess
whether current returns on equity are just and reasonable. The FERC also issued a Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking in March. Overall, we believe that the policies outlined in the Proposed Rulemaking are
constructive. As a result, we, along with the other MISO transmission owners, filed comments in June in
support of the proposed increase to the RTO adder, reliability and benefit-based incentives and the ROE
cap. We are unable to predict the ultimate timing or impact of these matters as the FERC is under no
timeline to issue a decision.

Moving now to Page 8 for an update on the third pillar of our strategy, creating and capitalizing on
opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and the environment. Here,
we provide an update on our $1.2 billion wind generation investment plan to achieve compliance with
Missouri's renewable energy standard through the acquisition of 700 megawatts of new wind generation at
2 sites in Missouri.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

In short, there has been no significant change to the project schedules from what we discussed on our
first quarter call in May. Construction is well underway at both facilities. We are working closely with the
developers for both projects to monitor the timing of manufacturing, shipment and installation of facility
components. We continue to expect the 400-megawatt facility to be in service by the end of 2020.

Regarding the 300-megawatt facility, we expect it to be substantially in service by the end of 2020.
However, as a result of certain delays we discussed on our first quarter earnings call in May, we expect the
portion of the project representing approximately $100 million of investment to be placed in service in the
first quarter of 2021. We expect no reduction in production tax credits because of the recent rule changes
made by the U.S. Department of the Treasury to extend the in-service criteria by 1 year to December 31,
2021.

Furthermore, we will continue to explore additional renewable energy investment opportunities that will
drive long-term value for our customers and shareholders. Right now, Ameren Missouri is in the process
of finalizing its next integrated resource plan. For several months, we have been working closely with
key stakeholders in developing our plan. We are carefully looking at several approaches to best meet
our customers' future energy needs and effectively transition our generation to a cleaner, more diverse
portfolio in a responsible fashion. We'll be finalizing our plan over the next 45 days and plan to file our
IRP with the Missouri PSC by September 30. We are excited about the benefits that our current wind
generation projects will deliver to all stakeholders as well as the prospects for additional renewable
generation resources to meet our customers' energy needs in the future. Moving to Page 9. Clicking ahead
through the end of this decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities, or over $36 billion
that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter
and cleaner. These investment opportunities exclude any potential new renewable generation for the
Missouri integrated resource plan as well as any potential new multi-value transmission projects that will
increase the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid as well as enable additional renewable generation
projects.

Of course, our investment opportunities will not only create a stronger and cleaner energy grid to
meet our customers' needs and exceed their expectations. But they will also create thousands of
jobs for local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in
energy infrastructure will be critical to meeting our country's future energy needs and delivering on our
customers' expectations.

Moving to Page 10. To sum up our value proposition, the consistent execution of our strategy over many
years and on many fronts has positioned us well for future success. We remain firmly convinced that the
execution of this strategy in 2020 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders
and the environment.

In May, we affirmed our 5-year growth plan, which included our expectation of 6% to 8% compound
annual earnings per share growth for the 2020 through 2024 period using the 2020 EPS guidance range
midpoint as the base. This earnings growth is primarily driven by our approximate 9% compound annual
rate base growth in 2019 through 2024 and compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. I
am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all 4 of our business
segments, as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done.

Further, our shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend. Our strong earnings growth expectations
position us well for future dividend growth. Of course, future dividend decisions will be driven by earnings
growth, in addition to cash flows and other business conditions. Together, we believe our strong earnings
growth outlook, combined with our solid dividend, results in a very attractive total return opportunity for
shareholders.

Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I'll now turn the call over to Michael. Michael?

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

Thanks, Warner, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 12 of our presentation. Yesterday,
we reported second quarter 2020 earnings of $0.98 per share compared to earnings of $0.72 per share
for the year ago quarter. The key factors by segment that drove the overall $0.26 per share increase are
highlighted on this page.

Ameren Missouri, our largest segment, reported increased earnings of $0.18 per share. The increase in
earnings was driven by lower operations and maintenance expenses, including the absence of a scheduled
Callaway Energy Center refueling and maintenance outage as well as disciplined cost management and
favorable market -- favorable market returns on company-owned life insurance investments, which
together increased earnings by $0.15 per share. The year-over-year improvement also reflected new
electric service rates effective April 1, driven in part by increased infrastructure investments.

The year-over-year impact from electric sales was flat as the $0.05 per share benefit from near-normal
temperatures in the second quarter compared to milder than normal temperatures in the previous year
were offset by a $0.05 per share reduction from lower weather normalized sales, primarily due to the
impacts of COVID-19.

Moving now to Ameren Transmission. Earnings per share were up $0.07. This increase reflected the impact
of the FERC order on the MISO base allowed return on equity, which increased earnings $0.04 per share
as well as increased infrastructure investments.

Earnings for Ameren Illinois Natural Gas were up $0.03 per share due to increased infrastructure
investments and lower operations and maintenance expenses. Ameren Illinois electric distribution earnings
were down $0.01 per share, reflecting a lower expected allowed return on equity under performance-
based REIT making, partially offset by increased infrastructure investments.

And finally, Ameren Parent and other results also decreased $0.01 per share, primarily due to increased
interest expense resulting from the long-term debt issuance in early April. Moving now to Page 13 of our
presentation. I'd like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2020 earnings guidance. As Warner
stated, we continue to expect 2020 diluted earnings to be in the range of $3.40 to $3.60 per share. This
guidance range assumes normal weather in the remaining 6 months of the year as well as reflect sales
updates from our first quarter earnings call in May, primarily related to COVID-19.

On our call in May, we estimated COVID-19-related sales impacts in Ameren Missouri would reduce our
2020 earnings per share expectations by approximately $0.10 per share, and we believe this continues to
be a solid estimate.

For the year, we still expect total weather-normalized sales to be on approximately 2.5%. Broken down by
customer class, we expect 2020 commercial sales to decline approximately 7.5%. Industrial sales declined
approximately 4.5% and residential sales to increase approximately 4%.

While we've seen a slight change in the relative mix of sales, overall, our update today is largely
consistent with our expectations outlined in our call in May in terms of both total sales and EPS impacts
for 2020 due to COVID 19. Before moving on, I would note that Ameren Missouri customer sales for June,
excluding the impact of warmer than normal weather, we're down approximately 0.2% compared to the
prior year, reflecting the impact of COVID-19. Broken down by customer class and compared to the prior
year, Ameren Missouri June weather-normalized commercial and industrial sales declined approximately
9.5% and 3%, respectively, which were largely offset by an increased weather-normalized sales to
residential customers of approximately 11%. These statistics are notable, given they represent the first
full month of sales after the state homeowners were lifted.

Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Illinois electric distribution for the
first 6 months of this year compared to the first 6 months of last year. Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour
sales to Illinois residential customers increased about 4%, and weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to
Illinois commercial and industrial customers decreased approximately 7% and 8%, respectively.

Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, do not affect earnings since we have
full revenue decoupling. Moving on to other guidance considerations. Select earnings considerations by
quarter for the balance of the year are listed on this page.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

Our 2020 earnings guidance range also incorporates an estimated 2020 allowed ROE for Ameren Illinois
Electric Distribution of 7.2%, which reflects a 30-year treasury yield of approximately 1.4%.

Finally, we also remain very focused on maintaining disciplined cost management for the remainder of the
year. Moving now to Page 14 for other regulatory matters.

In April, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois performance-
based rate-making, our utilities are required to file annual updates to systematically adjust cash flows over
time for changes in cost of service and to true-up any prior period over- or under-recoveries of such costs.

In late June, the ICC staff recommended a $53 million base rate decrease compared to our request of a
$45 million base rate decrease. Decision is expected in December with new rates expected to be effective
in January 2021.

Earlier this year, we also filed with the ICC for an annual increase in Ameren Illinois Natural Gas
distribution rates using a 2021 future test year and have since updated our request in our July rebuttal
testimony. In June, the ICC staff and other interveners, including the Citizens Utility Board and the Illinois
Industrial Energy Consumers filed a rebuttal testimony in the rate review. Our original request as well
as our July rebuttal testimony, incorporated a 10.5% return on equity, while staff and other interveners
have recommended a 9.32% and 9.2% return on equity, respectively. We continue to seek a 54%
equity ratio compared to the ICC staff's and other interveners' recommendation of 50.43% and 50%,
respectively. A decision is expected by January 2021 with new rates expected to be effective in February
of 2021. Finally, turning to Page 15, I will summarize. We have a strong team and are well positioned to
continue executing our plan. We continue to expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2020, and we're
successfully executing our strategy and navigate the impacts of COVID-19.

As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust
rate base growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth compares very
favorably to the growth of our utility peers. And Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive
dividend.

In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that converges very favorably to our peers.
And now I'll turn it back over to Warner.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Great. Thanks, Michael. All we has spent a great deal of time this morning talking about how we are
effectively addressing issues associated with COVID-19 and delivering strong results for our customers
and shareholders. I think it's important to note that another matter is at the top of our minds. That matter
is the level of profound racial prejudice, injustice and intolerance that we still have in this country and in
our own community, especially against black people.

We have recently seen too many senseless deaths of African Americans. And to be clear, there is
absolutely no place for racism, injustice or hatred of any kind at Ameren, in our community, in our
country, or anywhere in the world. We must challenge such behavior when we witness it and take steps
to drive positive changes to eliminate it, and that is exactly what we're doing at Ameren. At Ameren,
diversity, equity and inclusion is a core value. While we have been recognized by Diversity, Inc. as one of
the top utilities in the country for our diversity, equity and inclusion practices, we are not standing still.

In fact, we recently conducted a virtual Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Summit in St. Louis. The theme of
the summit was, the courage to live your values. Ameren leaders, community leaders and national leaders
came together to begin listening to each other more thoughtfully and to begin taking even more steps to
address this critical issue. We have made the entire program available on our website. I encourage you to
take time and listen to the amazing stories of courage and passion for diversity, equity and inclusion.
We're now ready to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just want to start off with the IRP here. And just wanted to see how the outreach is progressing? And any
early thoughts that you can share with us at this point or feedback with the filing coming soon here?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Well, great questions, Jeremy. Appreciate the question on the IRP. Well, as you know, this is an
extensive process with stakeholders. That's been going on for several months.

Marty Lyons and his team have been -- it is a terrific job of just winning some of our perspectives and
getting insights, which is really important. So I would say, as you know, we're getting to the tail end of
that process, and it would be really inappropriate to say just exactly what the feedback is in because
we're putting together all that and we'll ultimately issue our integrated resource plan here at the end of
September.

But I can tell you, the conversations have been constructive. The insight is great. And we look forward
to submitting that integrated resource plan. And as you heard in my talking points, we've -- we look at
a lot of things in this integrated resource plan. We certainly look at the technology, which is out there,
and we've certainly seen renewable energy technology and their related costs continue to come down,
take a careful look at our coal-fired and energy centers and the useful lives of those plants, and we really
think about what's really going to deliver value to our customers in the state of Missouri. And so we look
forward to submitting that plan at the end of September.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's very helpful. Just pivoting to the O&M savings side with what you guys realized so far year-to-date
this quarter. What portion do you think you might be able to retain on an ongoing basis? And do you have
any kind of updated thoughts on cost savings into 2021 at this point?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Maybe, Michael, I wanted you to hit a little bit on the quarter, and then I can maybe address some
of the ongoing. So I'll let you take the first shot at it.

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Sure. Absolutely. Look, Jeremy, we said on that first quarter call, and I think even if you think back to the
beginning of the year, we said that O&M was going to be up. We didn't say how much for the overall year.
And then we came forward to the first quarter call and we said O&M was going to be down. And you can
see that, obviously, we are doing a good job of managing.

The team is working hard on manning costs down where we can, being very careful about headcount.
Obviously, where we have opportunities on -- because of reduced load, there's reduced maintenance cost,
obviously, from a travel, entertainment perspective, being very thoughtful there. And so I think the team's
done a nice job, continue to help offset some of these things going in 2020. In terms of sort of what we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

retain and what is recurring. I mean Warner can certainly touch on 2021. But at the moment, we're just
going to continue to watch this closely. It's helping us offset some of these sales headwinds that we have.
And it's across the board, too. I know we focus a lot on the Missouri side because that's where it hits the
bottom line, but it is across Ameren Illinois Distribution, Ameren Illinois Natural Gas as well.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Well said, Michael. Jeremy, the reality is, we -- obviously, we're very focused on 2020, but we're
looking ahead, too. We do see several of these savings that we're realizing today that we can really carry
over into next year, things like, well, it's a different perspective of how we think about travel. Well, the
different perspective in terms of the consultants that we have to bring in to work with this and how they
can work remotely. I mean our digital investments have really been a step-change not just for our current
workforce but how we engage and work with others.

You think about real estate too, and facilities costs, we've had to explore because of our digital team
and the investments that we're making, we're exploring other facilities to delease in the future because
we're simply growing what we currently have. We see opportunities there. That's just not going to be
necessary prospectively because reality is we can work very effectively remotely. And so that, coupled
with some really, I said in my talking points how the team has really done some innovative things and
been agile out in the field in terms of our work practices. Not only are they safer than they are, I mean
they're going to give us the ability to work more effectively and productively. And that coupled with that
digital investments, I think these are the types of things that we are already and put in our playbook, not
just for this year, but for many years ahead. So stay tuned. More to come when we talk more about the
future in our O&M.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

If I can follow up on the last question here on the IRP. I understand that with this thing fairly imminent,
you can't comment too much, but can you give us a little bit of perspective on how that might eventually
flow into your formal CapEx projections, especially to the extent to which we're talking about incremental
renewables and how that [ relates ] to your future recovery?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Julien, it would be just premature to really say how that would play out. I mean, number one, we
have to roll out the IRP plan. We'll talk about what additional investment opportunities might be there, of
course, associated with renewable energy. And we'll take a look at that in terms of our 5-year plans and to
what extent it has an impact.

So as opposed to doing a piecemeal, we'll be better served for everybody when we roll out the plan to
be able to really talk about it in a comprehensive fashion. And so we'll be in a good position to do that
certainly during our third quarter conference call. And as we move into EEI, that will be a great topic of
conversation just as it was in 2017, when we announced our 700 megawatts of wind generation and 100
megawatts of solar.

We anticipate having a very comprehensive discussion at that time as well.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. All right. Great. And then if I can also follow-up on the last question around cost management and
to off of the sustainable cost savings that you talk about and you've identified and you anticipate holding
on to. When you think about the pressures created from the lower 30-year treasury, is this potentially

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

an offset as you think about it? You could take that any way you want, but I'm curious on how you would
frame the 5-year view given those longer data press here.

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Yes. Julian, it's Michael here. Just putting in context of not necessarily a number, but absolutely. I mean,
O&M, customer affordability has always been a lever that we have used. I mean it's not something that's
sort of we've discovered here during 2020 as a result of this pandemic. But obviously, there's been more
accelerated focus on it.

But absolutely. I mean it is something that helps us work through these headwinds that we've had. And as
you note, that 30-year treasury has been a headwind for a while, and we've continued to offset that with
it.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

It's Well said, Michael. And Julien, is we -- we're mindful of the be it, that low 30-year treasuries. And
certainly, O&M is one of those levers for all the reasons that Michael said. But no, look, we also have
leverage in terms of robust capital plan, as we talked about on the call that we have infrastructure that
we can move forward, especially at this lower cost of capital, it might make sense for customers and for
us to do that. And so we'll look at that. And of course, we always take a look at capital allocation and
many other levers. So that's just how we operate the business in terms of looking at just at one lever, but
multiple levers to make sure we're delivering on our promises.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Shar Purreza with Guggenheim.

Kody Clark
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

It's actually Kody Clark on for Shar. So first, just on the timing of the next rate case in Missouri, just
wondering if you have any updated thoughts here. In the past, you pointed to potentially filing this
summer for new rates at the beginning of next year. But obviously, a portion of win has the potential
to move into the first quarter of next year. How are you thinking about this now given all the moving
pieces and the buyer? So in Illinois, just wondering what have you been hearing from the legislature in
terms of continued interest has this still been on the mind of lawmakers? Or has it kind of taken a back
seat as other pressing issues related to the virus have come to the forefront? And taking this all into
consideration. Just wondering if something could get done in the veto session in November? Or is it more
likely to get pushed into next year?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Let me try and take that in several pieces. And Richard, Mark and his team have continue to work
very hard to have conversations virtually, of course, with the key stakeholders and not just legislators of
stakeholders.

So a couple of things to think about there. In terms of energy policy, I think energy policy broadly in
the State of Illinois is still at the top of a lot of folks' minds, and rightfully so, because energy policy
is so important. That's why, as we said, as part of our talking points as well as what you've heard us
say before, that's why we support so strongly the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act because it
really addresses many of the key issues that the State of Illinois is focused on. More renewable energy
resources, more investments in electrification as well as grid modernization. These are things that have
been really important for the State of Illinois and will continue to be.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

And so we continue to have conversations with key stakeholders around that particular piece of legislation
that we still support. Having said that, as you know, there's been a lot of dialogue and some concerns
raised as a result of the Commonwealth Edison federal investigation, so we understand that.

And so consequently, as we think ahead, what we're going to do is continue to double down on our efforts
to work with stakeholders collaboratively, listen to the concerns, but make sure that we point out the
value of the current regulatory framework and our proposal. And at the end of the day, our focus is going
to continue to be to try and find a solution that gives us the ability, collectively in the State of Illinois
to invest in critical infrastructure and give us the ability to earn a fair return and deliver values to our
customers in the State of Illinois.

Now in terms of timing, and I've learned a long time ago that I don't predict when things will be addressed
by any legislature or when things will ultimately get done. And obviously, things are a little bit more
complicated as we approach this upcoming veto session. In light of a lot of the activities, my best
perspective, and Rich and I have talked a lot about this, whether something gets done in the veto session
around the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act, I would tell you, it's, from my perspective, a
challenge was, I like to use sports analogies, I call it a long put, right, to get done in the veto session.

So that's our best perspective on it in terms of what we think may still happen this year. Importantly,
where we're going to continue to focus our efforts on.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Some of my questions before have been answered here. But just to sort of follow up on the Illinois thing.
There does seem to be this lease with a vocal group, sort of this unhappiness with the formula rate plan,
which you outlined the benefits of, and in fact, the low-cost of capital associated with and what have you.
And I'm just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more as to what's sort of driving that? The same
people seem to be sort of interested in the issues you also discussed, which are ethics and diversity and
economics, that sort of thing. And so I'm just wondering, is there some room here to sort of address their
concerns? Or is there something more fundamentally that's happening here that's just not clear to me with
respect to this concern about formula rate plans? And I realize you guys are just one part of it. There's
this big Northern part of the state that has its own issues. I'm just wondering if you could talk about that.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Fair question. I guess, a couple of comments. Yes, clearly, we've seen the governor and other
groups come out and say they oppose the existing framework that's out there. And look, the thing that we
think is important, recognizing a lot of that may be. And so I'm speculating a bit, just simply surrounding
the issues with Commonwealth Edison and the investigations and how it was linked to when performance-
based rate-making was put in place many years ago. Our job, and Rich and his team, they do a terrific
job at this, we're just going to sit down and just make sure we meet with stakeholders in a collaborative
way, and just sit there and explain what this framework has really done. And that's really what we should
do, it's been some open and transparent framework that essentially every year, the Illinois Commerce
Commission takes a look at what we're doing.

And you've heard me say and espouse the benefits of this, this particular framework. And the real winner
has been the State of Illinois and our customers. It's been an overwhelming success in so many ways. And
so it's just important that we make sure we level set everybody. At the same time, now we're going to be
at the table, listening to their concerns. And if they have legitimate concerns, we'll see what ways we can
try to bridge whatever gaps there may be. And so that's just how we will continue to do business.

And as I said a moment ago, really, the key from our perspective is sitting at the table and really to
put in place constructive energy policies. They're going to support investment in infrastructure, energy

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

infrastructure in particular, gives us the ability to earn a fair return on those investments, but also to
deliver significant value our customers in the State of Illinois and create thousands of jobs.

So we think there's opportunities to and there will be opportunities to sit down and talk with these
stakeholders and make sure we have a good understanding of what's been done and what we think can be
done prospectively. And so there is a lot of noise.

Look, we recognize that creates challenges, I get it. But at the same time, just because there's noise
doesn't mean that we're not going to sit down and have a collaborative approach with these key
stakeholders.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

My only remaining question is, I guess, partially related to the IRP. But could you just give us the latest on
the U.S. district court's order from last fall to install scrubbers on a couple of your coal plants, including
Rush Island, and how are you incorporating or thinking about this when you're developing your IRP
process?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

So -- and so I'm going to make sure, are you talking about the new store reviews? Is that what you're
referring to? Or something different?

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

It was just the, I think, the violation of the Clean Air Act.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Yes. That's right. So just a quick update on that one. So as you know, this has been a matter
litigation-related to our Rush Island Energy Center back to 2011. And we've been through the courts. And
so at the state of play right now is that we've appealed the decision to the Court of Appeals and made all
the appropriate briefings and filings with the courts. And my sense is that there is no specific timeframe,
but it will be this fall before you probably see any kind of activity associated with this.

But again, there's no specific timeframe, but all the briefs have been filed here in the first half in May. And
so I would just say stay tuned. No real developments other than going through the standard process.

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And I guess in terms of the thoughts on the generation fleet transformation and the upcoming
IRP, your assumption will be that you haven't violated the act, so you'll plan accordingly based on that
assumption?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, rest assured, we clearly believe we have not violated the act. And so yes, that would be a fair
statement and assumption that we'll have going into the integrated resource plan.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

We have no further questions at this time. Mr. Kirk, I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for
closing comments.

Andrew Kirk
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for 1 year on our website. If
you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries
should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Erin Davis. Again, thank you for your interest in
Ameren, and have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this
time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

