American Tower Corporation (REIT) 

NYSE:AMT
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 28, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.21

1.58

Revenue  (mm)

2413.36

2454.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-19-2021 11:58 AM GMT

30.58

1.70

1.17

5.27

5.54

2418.30

9295.78

9962.56

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.25

1.25

1.25

1.21

0.82

1.30

1.65

1.58

SURPRISE

(34.40 %)

4.00 %

32.00 %

30.58 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Igor Khislavsky
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

David William Barden
BofA Securities, Research Division

Eric Thomas Luebchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Nicholas Ralph Del Deo
MoffettNathanson LLC

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Timothy Kelly Horan
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Tower Third Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]
I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Igor Khislavsky, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Please go ahead, sir.

Igor Khislavsky
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining American Tower's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
We've posted a presentation, which we will refer to throughout our prepared remarks under the Investor
Relations tab of our website, www.americantower.com.

On this morning's call, Tom Bartlett, our President and CEO, will discuss current technology trends and
how we are positioned to benefit from continued wireless technology evolution. And then Rod Smith, our
Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer, will discuss our Q3 2021 results and revised full year outlook.
After these comments, we will open up the call for your questions.

Before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments will contain forward-looking statements that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding future
growth, including our 2021 outlook, capital allocation and future operating performance; our expectations
regarding the impacts of COVID-19; and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical
fact. You should be aware that certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Such factors include the
risk factors set forth in this morning's earnings press release, those set forth in our Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2020, and in other filings we make with the SEC. We urge you to consider these
factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained in this call to
reflect subsequent events or circumstances. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Igor. Good morning, everyone. Consistent with our prior 2, 3 calls, my comments today will
center on the key trends driving our business now and how we think the technological landscape will
develop in the future. I'll touch on how we are positioned to benefit as 5G deployments accelerate in
cloud-native applications in the edge of all, particularly in the United States. Additionally, I'll spend
some time discussing our European markets, where we now have a scaled presence and are poised
to create further value as technology evolves there and then briefly cover what we are seeing in our
earlier-stage international markets. Finally, I'll outline some of the progress we've made in some of those
same emerging markets in the platform expansion side, particularly with respect to our investments in
sustainability and renewable energy as we continue to lead the industry into a greener future.

At a high level, much of my commentary today will sound familiar to those of you who have listened in
on prior technology-focused calls, and we view that as a positive. Technology is evolving and advancing
right in line with our expectations. In the long-term secular trends that have driven and continue to drive,
our business remains strong. There are also new developments in the marketplace around the overall
digital ecosystem that we are excited about and our tenants continue to power ahead with their network
augmentation and expansion activities. Taken together, this is a backdrop that we expect will lead to
sustained attractive growth for us over the long term.

Central to this belief is the view that our core global macro tower business will be the foundation of our
success and the main driver of our cash flows for the foreseeable future as macro towers should remain
the most cost and technology efficient network deployment solution in most topographies worldwide.
Our conviction in this regard has only grown stronger over time supported by our customers' significant

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

investments in new spectrum assets, record levels of wireless CapEx spending in markets like the United
States and numerous public statements by them indicating their intention to utilize macro sites to drive
aggressive deployments of 5G and other wireless technologies globally.

We continue to view mid-band spectrum, which includes the recently auctioned C-band and the 2.5 gig
band currently being deployed in the U.S., as the workhorse of the true 5G experience and we believe to
be the fundamental enabler of the immersive next-generation 5G applications and use cases that are set
to emerge as coverage improves and advanced devices penetrate the market.

Importantly, we continue to expect the propagation characteristics of the sub-6 gig frequencies compared
to traditionally deployed mobile spectrum to necessitate significant network densification over the long
term supporting a multiyear period of strong growth on our tower sites.

We're seeing the leading edge of this activity in the U.S. today generating record services revenues
driven by all of the major carriers as they accelerate the early stages of their respective 5G deployments.
Further, application volumes within our property business are strong, supported by expected wireless
CapEx spend in the mid-$30 billion range this year. Industry experts anticipate that these elevated levels
of capital spending will be sustained for a number of years driven by a mobile data usage growth CAGR
of more than 25% over the next 5 years. Amazingly, this follows a more than 25% CAGR for the last 5
years and cumulative growth of approximately 7,500% over the last decade. This compelling demand
backdrop, coupled with the long-term noncancelable leases that comprise are more than $60 billion global
contractual backlog, gives us confidence in our ability to drive organic tenant billings growth in the mid-
single-digit range on average in the U.S. through 2027 and to drive higher growth rates abroad in that
same period.

I'll touch on this further in a few minutes. But as a quick reminder, these baseline growth expectations
exclude any material contributions from our various platform expansion initiatives. What they do include
are expectations for an extended period of solid growth in our European markets, where we are seeing
similar network growth trends to the United States with early-stage 5G deployments set to accelerate
in the coming years. We expect that our newly scaled European presence will allow us to drive long-
term value creation as the explosion of mobile data usage across the region continues and the need for
communications infrastructure accelerates as a result.

Across Germany, Spain and France, where 5G mobile subscriptions currently make up less than 5% of the
total user base, we expect mobile data usage per smartphone to grow by more than 25% annually for the
next 5 years, similar to the United States, and consequently expect CapEx spend across the 3 markets to
exceed $11 billion annually over a similar time period.

And as happened in the United States, we are already seeing this acceleration in network investment
translate into elevated activity. In fact, in the third quarter, normalizing for the impacts of the Telxius
deal co-location and amendment contributions to European organic tenant billings growth rose by around
200 basis points year-over-year. Although we expect a significant portion of initial 5G investments to be
focused in urban locations across our European footprint where roughly 80% of the population resides,
we anticipate urban-oriented consumer demand to be complemented by an ongoing push from European
regulators to deliver rural connectivity, which will represent another opportunity for us to drive colocation
on our tower sites in those areas. We believe our balance of rural and recently expanded urban assets
positions us well to capture significant market share of upcoming 5G deployments over the next decade.

Finally, in our earlier stage markets across Latin America, Asia and Africa, we continue to see solid
demand for our critical infrastructure, largely driven by deployments of legacy network technologies,
particularly 4G. Whether looking at Brazil, Mexico, India or Nigeria, consumers are rapidly increasing their
utilization of smartphones, thereby driving mobile data usage growth higher. In many of these regions,
existing network infrastructure is insufficient to support this deluge of usage as sell-side performance
is challenged with increased levels of network load. In response to these trends, we are aggressively
marketing our existing assets and continue to look for additional acquisition opportunities to bolster our
footprint in these markets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

But at the same time, we have significantly ramped up our new build program given the tremendous need
for entirely new infrastructure. In fact, if you take the nearly 5,900 sites we built last year and add our
expected 7,000 sites at the midpoint of our outlook to be constructed this year, it would represent almost
as many sites as the previous 5 years combined. And as we laid out a few quarters ago, we are targeting
the construction of up to 40,000 to 50,000 new sites over the next 5 years. With day 1 NOI yields on
these builds continuing to average above 10%, we are excited about deploying significant capital to these
initiatives going forward as we capitalize on the advancement of network technology across the emerging
world while helping to connect billions of people.

In addition to the core secular growth trends driving our global tower business, we are seeing indications,
particularly in more mature markets like the United States, of a broad evolution within the overall wireless
ecosystem. This evolution is closely intertwined with 5G and includes an increased prevalence of cloud-
native network solutions, more emphasis on the various permutations of the network edge and an ever-
increasing intersection of the wired and wireless portions of today's converged network architecture.

As networks virtualize, O-RAN or Open RAN, it's expected to become a more important option to improve
their economics. We are now starting to see this phenomenon with DISH in the United States, and
in Germany, where 1&1 has spoken extensively about its intent to utilize this technology. By utilizing
O-RAN, carriers have the potential to optimize network design and drive cost efficiencies, freeing up
incremental capital to invest in densification and other network enhancements that help drive growth in
site deployments and colocations.

Importantly, the role of the tower in this evolving network design is as critical as ever. While base station
functionality will likely continue to evolve to be cloud native software agile, the radio equipment that is
placed on the tower itself, which has always driven our revenue, will continue to reside on the tower.
Importantly, we believe we can leverage our extensive global distributed real estate portfolio to not
only drive continued strong growth within our core tower business but also to take advantage of other
emerging opportunities as networks virtualize. This may include multi-access edge computing and
potential other edge cloud permutations of neutral host infrastructure.

At the end of the day, modern software-driven networks are becoming smarter, faster, more capable
and more dynamic and we are focused on ensuring that American Tower has a meaningful role to play
in this context on the infrastructure and real estate side of the equation. One of the areas we focused
on is the development of the network edge or, more accurately, the development of multiple layers of
the network edge with the need for lower latency expected to become more and more critical over time
with applications like AR, VR, telemedicine, real-time analytics, autonomous driving, entertainment,
streaming, you name it, and many others are beginning to emerge, we continue to believe that this can be
a meaningful opportunity for American Tower. As we've done more work on the evolution of the edge, the
concept of multiple edge layers has come into better focus.

Today, for example, by far the most prevalent layer is the regional metro edge owned, for the most part,
by the large data center companies where vast amounts of data processing is then centralized. These
locations provide access to cloud on-ramps and are absolutely critical within today's networks. We expect
this need to be the case for the foreseeable future. In fact, as the volume of data carried across networks
continues to explode, we anticipate the demand for these types of large-scale facilities will only grow.
The upside of these locations is their size and capacity. The downside, to this point, hasn't been all that
relevant, is a fairly significant network transit costs and latency built into reaching these central compute
functions as the data often has to travel hundreds of miles to reach these destinations. These transit costs
and latency considerations, which we expect to become more important in the future, will necessitate
more edge locations as uplink data increases from IoT use cases and demands for distributed computing
advance.

The next layer beyond the metro edge, in our view, will be the aggregation edge. Here, you're likely to
post C-RAN hubs and future MEC applications as network virtualization advances, along with distributed
data processing, AI inferencing and other compute functions which will need reduced latency. The major
hyperscalers continue to evolve their edge cloud platforms so that they can extend computing capabilities
deeper into the mobile access network at the aggregation edge.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

The next layer beyond this, which we turn the access edge is where our existing tower sites are located
today, offering an opportunity to meaningfully enhance the value of our legacy real estate. We expect to
eventually see vRAN and O-RAN network functions, AI inferencing, data caching and a variety of other
next-generation AR and VR cloud-native ultra-low-latency applications residing at these locations.

Finally, we've also identified the on-premise edge, which would lie beyond even our tower sites and could
eventually help support private networks, smart factories and a host of other applications located at the
end-user site. At the end of the day, our 20,000-foot view is that all of these edge elements will need to
fit together to provide a cohesive framework for full-scale 5G across the network ecosystem. The goal for
us is to figure out what the optimal linkages between the layers look like, who the key players will be and
what elements of the edge we may want to own in order to further enhance the strong long-term growth
we expect from our core existing business.

To date, as we seek to connect the dots, we've been active with a number of trial edge compute sites at
the access edge while also operating our Colo ATL metro data center interconnection facility in Atlanta.
Through these investments, we have built relationships with key existing and potential future customers,
have learned a tremendous amount about key demand trends and have had a front-row seat for the
beginning stages of the convergence of wireless and wireline networks that I alluded to earlier.

More recently, we acquired DataSite, a data center company consisting of 2 multi-tenant data centers in
the Atlanta area and in Orlando. In addition to strengthening our existing position in Atlanta, the addition
of a network dense carrier hotel facility in Orlando provides us with a strong Southeastern presence with
the profile and characteristics that we believe will be critical in the early evolution of the metro edge as we
evaluate its role in the mobile networks of the future. We expect these facilities, which have 18 megawatts
of combined power, an additional 4.5 megawatts of expansion capacity, to effectively complement Colo ATL
and enable us to enhance our ability to develop neutral-host, multi-operator, multi-cloud data centers to
support the broader core to edge connectivity evolution in the United States. We continue to believe that
while a scaled application-driven edge-oriented business model is still likely several years away, it has the
potential to be a sizable market opportunity with meaningful potential upside not only in the United States
but also on a global basis.

Leading global MNOs are now positioning their networks with released 16 5G stand-alone core features
to explore edge cloud opportunities. And with our distributed macro side presence in key markets around
the world, we think we are well positioned to potentially be a provider of choice on the edge, particularly
for large multi-national MNOs and other categories of customers who may be looking for a multi-market
solution.

Switching gears a bit. While we believe edge compute will eventually also be relevant in emerging
markets, it is unlikely to happen in the immediate future. Consequently, we have focused our platform
expansion efforts across our developing regions and other areas, most notably on increasing the
sustainability and efficiency of power provisioning in our sites. As we highlighted in our recently published
2020 corporate sustainability report, we've continued to make progress toward our goal of reducing
diesel-related greenhouse gas emissions by 60% by 2027 from a 2017 baseline. In 2020, we achieved an
additional 8% reduction from 2019, reaching 53% of the 10-year goal. We are continuing to make solid
progress in 2021 with an expectation to spend an additional $80 million towards energy-efficient solutions,
primarily in lithium ion and solar power across our Africa footprint, which will bring our cumulative spend
to nearly $250 million.

And as we announced earlier this week, we are furthering our commitment to combat climate change by
adopting science-based targets, which we expect to help inform our future investments in sustainability. In
addition to the positive environmental benefits from these investments, we are also delivering shareholder
value through AFFO per share accretion. Lithium ion batteries provide significant energy efficiency, density
and lifespan improvements over legacy solutions. And while to date, AFFO benefits to American Tower
have largely come through fuel savings, we anticipate over time that our yields on these investments
will further expand as we are able to lengthen battery and generator replacement cycles. Having already
expanded our lithium ion-powered site count from 4,500 in 2019 to 6,700 in 2020, we are targeting

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

another 8,000 sites by the end of 2022 and recently signed a multimillion dollar bulk battery purchase
agreement in Africa in support of this goal.

Importantly, we believe that energy efficiency, the use of renewables and sustainability in our broader
sense can represent an important competitive advantage for us not only from the flow-through to AFFO
but also the differentiation in service quality for our customers. We continue to view sustainability as a
critical component of our company culture, and we'll be highlighting our continued progress in future
sustainability reports, which I encourage all of you to read by the way.

In closing, our excitement around 5G on a global basis continues to grow. Consumers and enterprises
are using more advanced devices for more things, resulting in consistent elevated growth in mobile data
usage, which, in turn, strains existing wireless networks and necessitates incremental densification and
network improvement. Considerable new spectrum is being deployed, new entrants in select markets are
building greenfield networks, and our macro tower-oriented portfolio remains well positioned to capture
a significant portion of wireless investment activity. In addition, through our platform expansion strategy,
we are focused on ensuring that the company benefits from the ongoing convergence of wireless and
wireline and the associated expansion of virtualization in cloud-native applications throughout the network
ecosystem.

Importantly, as we optimize our core business and look for ways to further enhance our growth path in the
broader digital infrastructure world, we are as committed as ever to driving profitability, sustainability and
recurring growth. We're energized by the future and are excited to be in a vibrant industry that is helping
to connect the world.

With that, let me turn the call over to Rod to go through our third quarter results and updated full year
2021 outlook. Rod?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Tom, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. I hope you and your families are well. Q3
was another quarter of strong performance for us. And as you heard from Tom, we are as encouraged as
ever by the technological trends that underpin our long-term growth potential.

Before digging into the details of our results and raised outlook, I'd like to touch on a few highlights from
the quarter. First, we closed on our strategic partnership agreements with CDPQ and Allianz through which
they purchased an aggregate of 48% of our ATC Europe business for a total consideration of around EUR
2.6 billion. In addition, we closed the remaining 4,000 Telxius communication sites in Germany back in
August. With the transaction now fully closed and funded, our teams are working to rapidly integrate the
assets, and we are already seeing encouraging activity on the portfolio.

Second, we continued to strengthen our balance sheet, raising roughly $3 billion in senior unsecured
notes, including our euro offering earlier this month. Through our financing transactions, we have
been able to maintain an attractive weighted average cost of debt while also continuing to extend our
maturities. As a result of this activity, along with the benefit from a nonrecurring advance payment
received from a tenant during the quarter, we finished Q3 with net leverage of 4.9x. While we expect net
leverage to increase back into the low 5x range in the fourth quarter, we are right on track with our overall
post-Telxius delevering path.

And lastly, we saw another quarter of record services activity in the U.S. as carriers accelerated 5G-related
projects. We view this as a leading indicator of strong levels of gross leasing in our property segment
as we head into 2022 and beyond. And with that, please turn to Slide 6, and I'll review our Q3 property
revenue and organic tenant billings growth.

As you can see, our consolidated property revenue grew by over 19% year-over-year or over 18% on an
FX-neutral basis to nearly $2.4 billion. This included U.S. and Canada property revenue growth of around
10% and international property revenue growth of over 31% or 13% when excluding the impacts of the
Telxius acquisition. This strong performance is indicative of a continuation of the long-term secular trends
driving demand for our infrastructure assets across the globe.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Moving to the right side of the slide, we also had a solid quarter of organic tenant billings growth
throughout the business. On a consolidated basis, organic tenant billings growth was nearly 5% for a
second consecutive quarter. As expected, U.S. 5G investments from the major carriers drove healthy
activity levels, leading to organic tenant billings growth in our U.S. and Canada segment of over 4%.
Contributions from colocation and amendments were more than 3%. Escalators came in at 3.2% and
churn was just over 2%.

Moving to our international operations. We drove organic tenant billings growth of nearly 6% reflecting
a sequential acceleration of around 60 basis points. Africa was our fastest growing region in the quarter,
posting organic tenant billings growth of well over 9% led by Nigeria, where we continue to see 4G
investments driving both colocation activity and new site construction. We also saw a consistent quarter in
Latin America, where organic tenant billings growth was right around 7% driven by solid new business and
higher escalators primarily in Brazil.

Meanwhile, European organic tenant billings growth accelerated by around 100 basis points sequentially
to nearly 5.5% as expected. Excluding impacts from the Telxius acquisition, organic tenant billings growth
in the region would have been over 4.5% in the quarter, more than 200 basis points higher than the year
ago period, driven primarily by new business contributions. This positive trend reflects both ongoing 4G
activity and early 5G investments leading to solid growth from both colocations and amendments.

Looking to Germany, in particular, we saw a more than 300 basis point increase in colocation and
amendment contributions in our legacy business as compared to the prior year period, resulting in organic
tenant billings growth of over 5.5%, up from 5.2% in the second quarter. Finally, in Asia Pacific, we saw
organic tenant billings growth of 0.7%, up roughly 200 basis points as compared to Q2. This reflects a
modest acceleration in gross new business activity, coupled with a more than 2% sequential decline in
churn, which was in line with our expectations.

Turning to Slide 7. Our third quarter adjusted EBITDA grew more than 19% or over 18% on an FX-neutral
basis to nearly $1.6 billion. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 63.2%, which was down compared to Q3 2020
as a result of adding new lower initial tenancy assets to our portfolio, which we believe will drive strong
organic growth and, therefore, margin expansion in the future. Cash SG&A as a percent of total property
revenue was around 7.3%, a roughly 40 basis point sequential improvement.

Moving to the right side of the slide, consolidated AFFO growth was over 13% with consolidated AFFO per
share of $2.53, reflecting a per share growth of nearly 11%. This was driven by strong performance in our
core business, contributions from new assets and around $13 million in year-over-year FX favorability. Our
performance also reflected the benefits of our commitment to driving efficiency throughout our operations
and minimizing financing costs despite growing the portfolio by nearly 38,000 sites over the last year. And
finally, AFFO per share attributable to AMT common stockholders was $2.49, reflecting a year-over-year
growth rate of nearly 12%.

Let's now turn to our updated outlook for the full year. I'll start by reviewing a few of the key updated
assumptions. First, our expectations for organic growth across the business are consistent with our prior
outlook. Carriers continue to deploy meaningful capital as they invest in network quality, and we are
seeing numerous bands of spectrum being deployed for both 4G and 5G. We are also slightly increasing
our expectations for services revenue for the year to around $235 million as a result of an outsized third
quarter, although this implies that services volumes will moderate somewhat in Q4.

Second, as a result of our focus on operational efficiency and cost controls, along with some onetime
benefits, we expect to be able to take some costs out of the business as compared to our prior
expectations. Combined with the current services gross margin outperformance, this will drive our
adjusted EBITDA margin expectations higher for the balance of the year.

Third, in India, we are encouraged by recent regulatory reforms, which we believe can provide some
much-needed breathing room for capital-constrained carriers in the marketplace and improve the telecom
environment overall. While we believe this is a clear positive first step towards market recovery, we
continue to expect flat 2021 organic tenant billings growth in the region as we further evaluate the long-
term impacts of these developments on the sector.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Finally, incorporating the latest FX projections, our current outlook reflects negative FX impacts of $30
million for property revenue, $20 million for adjusted EBITDA and $15 million for consolidated AFFO as
compared to our prior expectations. With that, let's move to the details of our revised full year outlook.
Looking at Slide 8, as expected, leasing trends remained strong across our global business, and as a result
of an increase in pass-through, together with some modest core property revenue outperformance, we
are raising our property revenue outlook by $10 million. This represents 14% year-over-year growth at
the midpoint and includes $30 million in unfavorable translational FX impacts as compared to our prior
outlook.

Moving to Slide 9. You'll see that we are reiterating our organic tenant billings growth expectations of
approximately 4% on a consolidated basis. This includes roughly 3% growth in our U.S. and Canada
segment where 5G deployments are driving solid activity levels as we exit the year. As a reminder, we
expect the first and largest tranche of contractual Sprint churn to hit our run rate in the fourth quarter of
this year. And while we expect gross activity to remain solid, our guide implies a Q4 U.S. organic tenant
billings growth rate of negative 1%, as we communicated previously.

On the international side, we continue to anticipate organic tenant billings growth in the range of 5% to
6% as carriers continue to focus their efforts on enhancing and densifying wireless networks in the face
of ever-rising mobile data demand. Moving to Slide 10. We are raising our adjusted EBITDA outlook by
approximately $50 million and now expect year-over-year growth of nearly 16%. This increase reflects
continued strength in our Services segment, where we now expect to see roughly $145 million in services
gross margin for the year, up from the $123 million implied in our prior guidance with year-over-year
growth of more than 180%.

On the cost side of the equation, we continue to maintain cost discipline globally, helping to drive adjusted
EBITDA margins up by around 40 basis points for the full year as compared to prior expectations. Turning
to Slide 11. We are also raising our full year AFFO expectations and now expect year-over-year growth
in consolidated AFFO of roughly 15% with an implied outlook midpoint of $9.64 per share. The flow-
through of incremental cash-adjusted EBITDA, coupled with the continued cash tax and net cash interest
benefits as compared to the prior expectations are being partially offset by around $15 million in negative
translational FX impacts.

On a per share basis, we now expect growth of approximately 14% for the year consistent with our
long-term growth ambitions that we highlighted at the start of the year. Finally, AFFO attributable to
ATC common stockholders per share is expected to grow by nearly 12% versus 2020, incorporating the
minority interest impacts of our strategic partnership with CDPQ and Allianz in Europe.

Moving on to Slide 12. Let's review our capital deployment expectations for 2021. As you can see, we
remain focused on deploying capital towards assets that drive strong sustainable growth in AFFO per share
coupled with a growing dividend, providing our investors with a compelling combination of growth plus
yield. Working our way through the specific categories, our first priority remains our dividend. For the full
year, we continue to expect to distribute $2.3 billion, subject to Board approval, which implies a roughly
15% year-over-year per share growth rate. As a reminder, our dividend growth will continue to be driven
by underlying growth in our REIT taxable income, incorporating the impacts of M&A and other moving
pieces in the business. Consistent with our prior comments, we anticipate growing our dividend by at least
10% annually in the coming years.

Moving on to CapEx, we reiterate our expectations of spending nearly $1.6 billion at the midpoint with
nearly 90% being discretionary in nature. Driving a good portion of this discretionary CapEx is our
continued expectation to construct 7,000 sites at the midpoint this year with the vast majority in our
international markets.

Turning to acquisitions. Including contributions from minority partners, we have deployed around $10
billion so far this year primarily for the Telxius transaction as well as for smaller transactions, including
DataSite. In total, of our nearly $14 billion in expected capital deployments for the year, we expect over
80% to be composed of discretionary growth CapEx and M&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Moving to the center of the slide. You can see the composition of our $35 billion in cumulative capital
deployments since the start of 2017, including our 2021 full year expectations. We continue to augment
our developed market presence, which we believe positions us optimally to drive value from accelerating
5G deployments and next-generation technology evolutions, as Tom laid out earlier.

We are also allocating capital towards higher growth earlier-stage markets that are typically at least 5
years behind the U.S. and Europe in their network deployments. Taken together, we believe that our global
footprint positions us to capture multiple waves of investments across the globe over a sustained period of
time.

Finally, you can see that more than 1/4 or around $9.5 billion of our deployed capital in the last 5 years
has been distributed to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We continue to view
these components as critical to total shareholder returns.

Moving to the right side of the chart. Supporting this phase of significant investment and growth has
been our investment-grade balance sheet. We believe that our access to low-cost, diversified sources
of financing has been a key differentiator and are proactively working to extend this critical competitive
advantage into the future. In fact, incorporating our latest financing efforts, we now have a weighted
average cost of debt of around 2.4%, a weighted average tenor of debt of approximately 7 years and over
85% of our balance sheet locked into fixed rate instruments.

Finally, on Slide 13, and in summary, in Q3, we continue to capitalize on a strong global demand backdrop,
delivering our highest quarter of consolidated AFFO per share on record. This was driven by solid organic
growth, record-setting services volumes, disciplined cost controls, strategic balance sheet management
and accretive portfolio expansion. As we look ahead, we believe our existing global real estate portfolio
is well positioned to drive long-term recurring growth as carriers augment and extend their networks.
And with the strength of our investment-grade balance sheet and diversified pool of funding sources, we
expect to continue to deploy capital towards accretive investments that can enhance our growth path and
enable us to create additional value.
Given our positioning at the intersection of real estate and technology in an ever more interconnected
world, we are excited to continue to deliver connectivity to billions of people worldwide in a sustainable
way while driving compelling total returns for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the
operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we have a question from Michael Rollins with Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Two questions, if I could. The first question is on the domestic environment. Just curious if you can give
us an update on U.S. leasing, how it compared to your prior expectations entering into this year and what
that means for the average organic tenant billings growth guidance that you provided? I think the average
for '21 and '22 was about 2% on a reported basis and about 5% on a normalized basis. And then just,
Tom, to follow up on your comments on the edge and data centers, is it inevitable that American Tower
needs to either partner with a larger data center portfolio or directly own a larger data center portfolio?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Michael. Maybe, Rod, why don't you take the first part of the question and then I'll fill in on
the second piece?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Okay, great. Good morning, Michael. Thanks for the question. So in terms of the U.S. leasing environment,
we're seeing a very strong environment. Certainly, all the major carriers have been active. You've seen
that show up most notably in our services environment. We've seen a tick-up in the contribution from
colocation and amendment activity into our organic tenant billings growth. So that's been accelerating
through each of the last 3 quarters, just as we expected from the outset in the year. So in terms of our
expectations, everything really is right in line with what we expected.

I don't want to get too deep into the second part of your question around growth and activity when it
comes to 2022. But I will just reiterate a couple of points that we've already made. So directionally, your
comments are correct. We guided to an average organic tenant billings growth in the U.S. for '21 and '22
of around 2%. You can see we're coming in here in '21 at around 3%. That suggests around 1% organic
tenant billings growth for 2022 in the U.S. So that's where we would expect to be. And again, I'm not
providing guidance for next year, just reiterating the components of our long-term plan.

And maybe one thing that I will kind of highlight here just briefly is that Sprint churn hit us in Q4 for the
first time, that first tranche, as you heard in my comments. So Sprint churn, now that it's active, I'll just
give you the numbers there, again. 2021, we are rolling off $195 million of annual Sprint revenue and
churn. In 2022, we'll roll off an additional $60 million. 2023, we'll roll off another $50 million. And in 2024,
we'll roll off another $70 million. So that's Sprint churn here. That's what's really causing the lower organic
growth rates in our U.S. business next year. The gross growth, we see the environment being very strong,
accelerating through 2021, and we expect that to continue going in.

Just to give you a couple of the piece parts. In terms of the impact it will have in the fourth quarter, you
will see organic kind of billings growth rates in the U.S. at around a negative 1%. That will include churn
for the quarter of about 6.6%, and embedded within that is about 4.5% just from the Sprint churn. And of
course, all this will have an impact on AFFO in terms of going forward into future years. So we've guided
that. Our goal is to hit double-digit AFFO growth on average from 2021 out through 2027. And of course,
some years, it will be higher. Some years, it will be lower. The goal really is an average.

And when you think about 2022 when this first tranche of Sprint churn kind of rolling through, that's a
year that I would say that it would be challenging to get to 10%. I'll also say, Michael, we haven't given up
on it. There are certain levers that we can pull and things that we can do within the business to maximize

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

AFFO and AFFO per share growth, and we're doing all of those things. So that kind of puts a little bit of
context around the U.S. activity for this year and rolling into next year.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

And Michael, relative to your second question, you can tell that we're obviously energized and excited
about the opportunity at the edge. I mean, the impetus right now is really 5G and driving all of these
lower latency types of applications and needs out further into the market closer and closer to the end user.
We've always said, from a digital transformation perspective, it's going to be cloud-based, it's going to be
connected and it's going to be distributed. And we think we're in a very good competitive position given
the vast amount of distribution that we have in the 25 markets that we're servicing. So we're trying to
position ourselves in this broader market to be able to take advantage of the opportunity.

We're going to do it intelligently. Our execution strategy continues to evolve. We think we've done it
intelligently in terms of picking up some of the metro sites, building out our own sites. We have some
market agreements in place to drive access into those sites, and this is going to evolve. This is not going
to happen overnight, as you well know. And so we've got partnerships in place to be able to look at this.
We're going to be able to hopefully leverage some of those partnerships, and we'll just continue to monitor
the best approach in terms of being able to best position ourselves to be able to take advantage of this
opportunity. We've done that in the past in terms of being smart, in terms of how we allocate capital to
these types of investments. Will it take the form of partnerships owning -- further owning more metro
sites, unclear at this point in time. That will continue to evolve as the market continues to evolve. But we
do think we're in a really good position in terms of being able to leverage our real estate, our exclusive
real estate and to be able to take advantage of that neutral host model.

Operator

Next, we move on to the line of Simon Flannery with Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. First, Rod, I wonder if you could give us a little bit more color on the advanced payment. It looks
like about close to $1 billion. What's going on there? Is that something that we will see again? And then
there's been a lot of talk about supply chain. We're seeing higher inflation, particularly in markets like
Brazil. Are you seeing any pressure on your customers in terms of their ability to source radios, to source
tower crews and the cost of that, that might impact some of the installs? And do your MLAs protect you
from any delayed installs? Any color around that would be great.

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Simon, great. Thanks for the question. Thanks for being on the call. So with the advanced prepayment,
I'm not going to provide details around that. I will say it was a little over $1 billion from one of our
customers. It really is just a prepayment for lease payments going out over, let's say, the next 12 months.
So it will kind of run through our financial statements pretty quickly. And there's nothing more to it than
just a prepayment of the next 12 months kind of leasing fees.

So from our perspective, it's not a big deal. It helps with liquidity. It brought our leverage down a little bit.
You saw we ended a little bit below 5x in terms of leverage. So it wasn't a bad thing for us to do, but it's a
pretty simple transaction. And I wouldn't want you to read any more into it than that.

In terms of supply chain, Tom, maybe you want to add a few comments here, but from a supply chain, we
see no major impacts at this point, certainly across our business. As you can see in our Services business,
we continue to hit higher and higher levels of activity in bringing our outlook up again to the -- another
consecutive quarter here. So we've got access to the crews. You've also seen our margins expanding in
the Services business in particular. And in the U.S., we're not building a tremendous amount of tower. So
we certainly don't have any restrictions or challenges from that perspective.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

One place I would say -- going into 2022, we will be keeping our eye on crew availability and labor and
things like that. If the environment stays the way it is, we should be fine. If things get worse, we'll need to
keep our eye on it. We do buy a lot of generators. We have generator orders out that are already in place
that bring us out into the beginning to the middle of 2022. So from that perspective, we know we're going
to get the materials we need, and we expect to get the materials we need and feel pretty good about that.

But in the second half of 2022, again, we'll continue to watch the supply chain issues. And to the extent
that there are any issues that get worse, we'll continue to keep an eye on it and kind of put the levers. But
from where we sit now, we don't think we'll -- we don't see anything hitting us right now. We don't expect
any challenges through the middle of 2022. And beyond that, it's too early to comment. We'll just keep
our eye on it.

Operator

And our next question is from Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

One on India. I guess, there's some better organic growth this quarter returned to positive growth, I
think, for the first time since 2Q '20. So can you maybe talk a little bit more about the overall demand
backdrop across your carrier customers and whether, I guess, maybe to drill in a little bit more churn was
about a couple of million lower than what we've seen in terms of recent run rate. And so I'm wondering if
the $14 million we saw this quarter is maybe a better run rate than I think about and start modeling going
forward?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. Thanks for the question. So we did see organic tenant billings in Asia to kind of turn a corner here
and get a positive. So we posted a 0.7% positive growth rate. We're still looking for the full year to be
right around 0. And as we look at the market, we remain optimistic in terms of the gross activity.

So the way that even that 0.7% organic tenant billings for the quarter, I'll give you a little bit of the
breakdown there. So we're seeing high single digits, nearly double-digit organic new business. That's
been pretty consistent for at least 6 to 8 consecutive quarters. And based on where they are in their
development kind of transitioning from 3G to 4G networks, we expect that, that gross demand should
continue. The escalators are locked in right around 2% to 2.2% or so, so we have that account. And we
have seen a moderation in a pretty sharp decline here year-over-year in terms of the churn rate. So a
year ago, Q3 churn in India was about 13.5%. It's down now to about 7.5%. We think that's certainly a
very favorable sign and one that we expected to see, and we hope to continue to see that going forward.

In terms of the -- you did see that there was some good news from the government in terms of regulatory
support for the industry. And we think that, that will help the market in general, the whole sector as well
as the carriers, particularly the ones with the AGR dues, but all the carriers even with your spectrum fees,
strengthen their own balance sheets, kind of regroup and gear up for competition in the sector there and
to invest in the networks. So we are optimistic about going forward growth rates there, but we would
expect, let's call it, high single-digit organic growth with churn levels there in the mid-single digits and
hopefully moderating down over time.

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Rod, can I just follow up? One other question I want to just sneak in is on capital improvement CapEx, it's
been trending lower. I think year-to-date, you've only done around $100 million. But I think the guide is
for about $185 million for the year. I'm just wondering what's been driving the lower capital improvement
CapEx year-to-date? And then is it fair to assume that a much larger step up that could weigh on AFFO in
4Q?

Rodney M. Smith
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. So the cap maintenance there is going to pop up in Q4. I think you see that. You just mentioned that
in terms of our guidance. It really is just timing, and it's a timing issue that we've seen in prior years. So
if you look back at our last year spread on maintenance CapEx, you'll see kind of the same sort of cycle.
It is a cash CapEx number. So it does lag a little bit in terms of the activity. So you see this kind of spike
in leasing activity that's coming -- that's running through our services revenue. And then you kind of see
following on from that, you'll see an uptick in the maintenance CapEx that we run through to support the
towers and maintain everything out of the tower sites. So it really is just a timing issue, Matt.

Operator

And next, we have a question from Eric Luebchow with Wells Fargo.

Eric Thomas Luebchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. Perhaps you could talk about Verizon real quickly. I think your holistic pricing structure with them
expires at the end of this year. So wondering if you could update us on the nature of conversations with
them around that aspect of the MLA?

And then, secondly, on the European side, it's nice to see the improvement in organic tenant billings
growth. Can you just kind of talk about how the outperformance is coming from, whether that's churn
from Telefónica versus new bookings? And then on the new bookings front, any update on conversations
with 1&1 as they contemplate the new build and how you think you're positioned there?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll take the first part there. And so from -- when you look at our business
over in Europe, we are very pleased with the trajectory of the growth rates over there. You've seen a
couple of sequential quarters of increased organic growth rates, just as we expected to see now that the
market has kind of seen a reduction in churn, they're gearing up for 5G deployment. So that's been really
good to see.

In terms of the piece parts of the organic tenant billings, certainly, the Telefónica additional sites plays
a role in there. One of the biggest ways that it plays in early on, it's still very early in terms of bringing
those assets in. But I think we've talked before about the assets there in Europe that --they basically have
a long-term contract, and there are other tenant -- material other tenants on there. So there's really very
little churn that will -- that's possible on that portfolio. So we have very low churn expectations on that
portfolio, and it's a big chunk of revenue. That certainly helps kind of inflect the growth rates to go up
higher. And then in terms of the question with Drillisch, 1&1, we really don't want to comment on ongoing
negotiations, but negotiations continue there. I can assure you.

Operator

And we will move on to the line of David Barden with Bank of America.

David William Barden
BofA Securities, Research Division

First, Rod, just to follow up on the Europe situation. At our conference last month, you kind of talked a
little bit about how you perceived the European marketplace being ripe for incremental consolidation.
I was wondering if you or Tom could kind of elaborate a little bit on how you see the European market
evolving as it matures from a tower third-party infrastructure provider perspective. And then second, if
you could elaborate a little bit on what is going on now with Telefónica in Mexico and its network sharing
agreement with AT&T and how that relationship between the 2 of them is evolving for American Tower?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

David, it's Tom. I can start and Rod can add in. With regards to Europe, we think we have a really
solid position in a few of the critical markets. We've got good scale in the market. We've got a great
relationship, obviously, with Telefónica and Orange, in particular. And so we're energized by the type of
growth that we're now seeing in the marketplace. But we continue to look at opportunities to further build
scale not just in the 3 markets that we're in but also if there are other opportunities, but only if it makes
sense, like everything else that we do.

And so there are, I think, a lot of opportunities in the region, and we're evaluating them as you would
expect. And to the extent that there's some opportunities there to secure some of that portfolio to gain
further scale even in the markets that we're in and relationships with key customers, we'll clearly look to
do that. And so Europe is, as we've said, an area or part of the world that we look to continue to further
develop, if it makes sense.

With regards to Telefónica, again, we've got a great global relationship with them. They're positioning
to an MVNO, as you all know, and they're going to have some time for that to be able to -- for that to
occur. There will be some churn over time, but the contract that we have with them, I think goes out for
several years at this point in time. And so we'll continue to monitor that. And we've managed these types
of events, I think, quite well over our history, and I'm sure we'll do that here.

Operator

And our next question is from Rick Prentiss with Raymond James.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

A couple of questions, guys. First, I appreciate you guys breaking out the attributable AFFO. We think
that's important to focus investors on cash to comment, and you continue to exclude noncash amortization
from your organic rate. So I appreciate that, accounting stuff. First question, we get a lot on interest rates
and inflation. Can you talk a little bit about how you guys are viewing the interest rate environment and
inflation environment, how it affects your financials? Any potential deals like David was just asking about
and just the fundamentals of the business? So a little bit of primer on interest rates and inflation as you
see it?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes, sure, Rick. Thanks for the question. I'll take that one. So let's hit interest rates first. So you've seen
us, Rick, over the last several quarters, even the last couple of years, very active in the capital markets,
very active in terms of our debt structure, capital structure and different things like that. So we've
been focused on strengthening our balance sheet in a very proactive way. So we now have our average
maturities out over about 7 years with an average cost of debt down to about 2.4% or so. And 85% of
our debt is now fixed out over the long term. So that's a heavier weighting to expect to variable compared
to our kind of standard financial policy. So we've been preparing for an environment where interest rates
may tick up. So we think from an interest rate perspective, our balance sheet is very solid and ready for
it. There's nothing we can do about preventing interest rates from rising. We do think they may rise over
time modestly, but we're very well prepared for it.

The other thing I would add is in terms of global capital allocation and looking to invest capital, the
strength of our balance sheet really does represent a competitive advantage for us, particularly in a time
when interest rates may be rising. So we'll keep an eye on that and look to be very opportunistic as we go
forward from that perspective.

And then when you think about inflation rates, one of the ways you'll see that run through our business
is many of our contracts internationally, particularly in Africa and Latin America, are all geared towards
inflation rates and the escalator is adjusted based on inflation rate. So as and when we see higher levels
of inflation in the international markets, we'll see higher levels of growth as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

In the U.S., I'd remind you that our escalators are fixed at around 3%. That's been consistent for a long
time. So we're pretty well insulated from interest rates rising in the U.S. from a balance sheet perspective,
but we still lock in that revenue growth of 3% on the U.S. escalator.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And I think in your prepared remarks, you talked a little bit about acquisition opportunities even outside
of Europe. David was asking about Europe. How should we think about how you view the potential
opportunities in Africa, LatAm or other markets as far as portfolios coming up? And what makes for
attractive intelligent decisions, as you kind of alluded to?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Rick, it comes back to the same model that we've been executing for the last decade. It's looking to build
up scale, looking at the counterparty, looking at the market itself and then looking at the transaction itself,
what additional capital has got to go into the portfolio to be able to ensure that we can support a second
or a third tenant, what does the growth profile look like. I mean, there are probably a dozen different
elements of that evaluation that go into deciding whether, in fact, we would be interested and then driving
what that price is. We've used the same 10-year discounted cash flow approach and continue to use
it. Obviously, the variables change but largely -- I mean, the actual numbers, but largely the variables
themselves, from a qualification perspective, are the same. And so we'll look at those and look at all of
those opportunities as we think about globally how to allocate capital.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Any change in the pipeline as far as deals going? And what might be changing that pipeline as far as
potential deals?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

The -- you're talking about the pipeline of transactions?

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Yes. Yes.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, the -- it's been very consistent. I mean, the pipeline itself, there are -- there's more activity,
as you've seen and as you report on in Western Europe. And -- but in terms of the pipeline, in terms of the
opportunities, they remain relatively consistent. Overall, if you look at our total portfolio, the last count
I did, we own about 1/3 of the inventory in all of the markets. And so there's still a lot of opportunity in
the markets that we're in, given how carriers, our existing customers' carriers are looking at -- continually
looking at trying to monetize their portfolio. Smaller towercos are looking for opportunities to exit. There
is private capital involved in some of those smaller towercos, and so they're looking to monetize some
of their funds, some increased opportunity in Southeast Asia that's going on as we speak, as you've well
seen.

But it's been -- the pipeline has been very consistent. I would say, where it's a little bit outsized is
probably all of the noise is going on in Western Europe. And there just seems to be a lot of activity going
on there, as you've seen, as we've seen and the -- all of the -- even in all the public comments. And so
there's probably a bit of an outsized pipeline in that region. But other than that, it's been very consistent.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

It sounds a [indiscernible] 5G.

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Rick, you mentioned attributable. Maybe I'll just give you a couple of data points there because we have --
you've seen over the last quarter or so, we've had a few moving pieces with closing the Telxius transaction
in numerous tranches. We also brought in private capital. It maybe a good time to just kind of level set
that. So for the full year, we're looking -- you can see in our presentation in terms of AFFO attributable to
our minority shareholders is about $100 million. That breaks down $75 million roughly for the European
business and about $25 million for the India business.

The way our partners kind of break down is you know CDPQ owns 30% of our European business and
Allianz owns about 18% of that business. PGGM holds about 17% in Germany and about 13% in Spain.
And we have Macquarie as a partner over in India, they own about 8%. Now is a good time to kind of
think about the run rate aspect of that minority interest. When you look at Q4, now that all the dust has
settled, we think the run rate -- a good ballpark run rate is about $40 million for Q4. So if you annualize
that, you get a range of $150 million to $160 million that would be attributable to the minority interest
partners.

The one word to your question, I would say, is we will -- we did receive the put for Macquarie. You've seen
that in our filings. So we will eventually close on that, and that will be an adjustment to the numbers at
that time.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

That really helps. I really think it's important to focus on that.

Operator

And next, we will go to the line of Jon Atkin with RBC.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I wanted to ask about Latin America. I'm hearing an echo here. The churn has picked up in recent
quarters. I imagine some of that might be held -- but I wonder if you can provide some color on what's
driving that?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. Jon thanks for the question. I don't want to go through the churn carrier by carrier, but I think you
do know that there are a few customers in Latin America that are exiting the businesses or that have
been consolidated. So we do have the Nextel exit down in the Brazil area. We do have Telefónica kind of
transitioning to the MVNO in that -- in the Mexico market and moving on to the AT&T side. Some of that
churn has begun. You've seen kind of a bump-up in our non-run rate activity in Latin America for some
decommissioning in Brazil that is related to the Nextel sites coming down. That will continue into next
year. So you'll see a bump-up in churn. And then you'll also see kind of a bump-up in that non-run rate as
well.

And then there are -- you will see some benefits to some of the churn that come through as settlement
payments. And there are a few other smaller customers, but that probably gives you a flavor of kind of
who's there and kind of what's happening in Latin America from a churn perspective.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And then on Nigeria, I just was hoping that you could give us a little bit of qualitative view as to the
tailwinds and headwinds to expect as it pertains to organic growth? You obviously have a little bit of a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

different portfolio than IHS given how you enter the market. But how do you think about -- or what are
the factors to keep in mind around organic growth in Nigeria going forward?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. I think in Nigeria, we've seen very strong growth for the last several quarters here. We expect that to
continue. We've got a great portfolio in Nigeria with a solid anchor tenant with MTN in there as a partner
of ours. So that's been really good. I would say that as long as the economy and the economy in Nigeria is
largely driven by fuel prices, as long as that's good, I think we're in really good shape because we've got a
great portfolio in the country, and the carriers will continue to invest capital and build out sites.

We've got a pretty robust build program there. So you've seen the guide with 7,000 sites that we expect
to build. There is a good chunk of those in Africa, a lot of them are in Nigeria. So I would say that we
are very bullish on Nigeria in terms of the growth rates. We're seeing high single-digit, if not double-digit
organic growth rates in Nigeria. As long as the economy there continues to roll forward, I think we're in a
really good shape, and that's largely, I believe, based on fuel pricing.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Lastly, I think you were asked about Verizon and the holistic MLA, kind of wondered if you had any kind of
response to that?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Jon, it's consistent with what we've said in the past. We've got a, I think, a terrific relationship with
Verizon. I can't comment on anything specifically relative to negotiations or those types of things. But
we want to be able to service our customers and be strategic to them as makes sense for them. And so
we'll look to continue to dialogue. And if they're looking for more à la carte type of pricing, we'll go in
that direction. If they're looking for renewal of holistic, we'll go in that direction. So more to come but
they're very active in the marketplace. They're very aggressive in terms of building out their network, and
I think we've seen it. They talked about it. And they're doing a terrific job, and we're here to support them
however best we can.

Operator

Next, we go to Nick Del Deo with MoffettNathanson.

Nicholas Ralph Del Deo
MoffettNathanson LLC

One on Telxius and then one on domestic spectrum deployment. So first, how long does it take to typically
get acquired carrier owned sites or I guess, in the case of Telxius, quasi carrier owned sites kind of
plugged into your systems and effectively marketed so that you really see the lease improvements from
being independently owned flow-through? And will it happen faster than normal for Telxius since, again,
they were kind of quasi independent before you picked them up?

And then second, in the U.S., we oftentimes talk about urban markets seeing activity first with spectrum
deployments, especially for like the upper mid-band spectrum that the carrier deployed today in force. Are
you seeing that play out in practice across your portfolio? Or is it more even than we might suspect?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

On the Telxius, I can tell you, day 1, we were marketing those sites, okay? So we're as aggressive as
we possibly can in terms of providing those sites out to our customers. I mean, the integration has gone
really well, I think and it takes time from a system perspective in getting that all organized, getting them
into systems and integrating systems and things like that. And that can take 6 months to 1 year. But that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

doesn't prevent us from marketing those sites to our customers and making them available to all of our
customers. We'll be aggressive from a capital perspective to the extent that there are some sites that we
need to attend to, to -- from a structural perspective to be able to support them.

But as I've said all along, I mean, this was a really terrifically built portfolio, and that was one of the
attractions to the portfolio to begin with. So we're being as aggressive as we can to really be able to take
advantage of these sites, particularly in markets like Germany and Spain, where 5G is really picking up.

From a U.S. perspective, you're right. I mean, if you go back to even the old analog days, I mean, the
markets were generally built up from your urban markets because that's where you're able to get the
best bang for the buck when you're rolling out capital. This one, though, I would say with 5G is broader.
I mean, it is a goal to get nationwide coverage for all the customers and then to continue to fill it in as
demand and as capacity requirements are required.

What's not a surprise to us, and then I reiterated in my comments, that macro towers is the main asset
that our customers are deploying 5G on. And I never had any doubts of that simply -- I mean, I've been
involved in the industry for 30 years. So the macro tower is just the best way for our customers to get
that signal out to their customers, and so we're seeing that. But we are seeing it more across the entire
country, again, as customers are really trying to be able to get to that nationwide coverage.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one final question. That's Tim Horan with Oppenheimer.

Timothy Kelly Horan
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Two clarifications and 1 question. Do companies pay when they install the equipment or with the MLAs you
have to pay regardless of whether or not they install equipment, one? Secondly, Tom, you've been able to
kind of raise prices in the U.S. about double the inflation rate historically now. Right now, it's almost half
the inflation rate. Do you think over time you would have the ability to kind of increase prices faster than
inflation? And then lastly, I know you mentioned a lot of new technologies out there. Are there any that
you think are a risk to the business model that you're concerned about or watching?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Tim. I'm not sure -- go ahead, Rod. You take that first one.

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes, I'll hit the first one, Tom, around the payment cycle and equipment installation. So Tim, I would say
that it really works in a variety of ways depending on which contracts you're talking about and how it's
structured. Certainly, on a pay-by-the-drink type of à la carte contract, carriers would pay us lease by
lease as and when they install the equipment or probably better, more precisely said, when the contract
gets executed and the commencement date is triggered. And that's typically when the building permit is
pulled and construction starts or certainly by the time that the equipment is installed.

If you're looking at more of a holistic transaction, then there's a disconnection between fees and exactly
when equipment is put on. You've heard us say it before, in the holistic type of environment, we price out
activity over a multiyear period. We know exactly what the carriers want to do and what they are willing to
pay for.

We give them those rights and we put a payment cycle to it as well, which we spread out over time, in a
little bit more of a consistent manner, so it's not as volatile as the activity. So in that context, you may see
payments hit before equipment is installed, and you could also see payments hit after the equipment is
installed. It really depends on the payment time line that's in the holistic view.

Thomas A. Bartlett

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Yes. And Tim, on the other 2 questions. Relative to technology, we have a number of technology
consultants that we can -- we use that I talk with weekly as well as all of our own internal. We continue,
as I said before, believe that, that macro site is the most efficient way for customers worldwide to be able
to deploy their networks and continue to be so. And as I just mentioned and is what you've seen from our
customers talking about rolling out 5G, it's all on the macro sites. So teh answer to the question on the
technology side is no, we don't see any competing technologies that we'll get in our way there.

From an inflation perspective, 95% of our contracts in the United States are on a fixed escalator. And my
sense is that it's a very important element of our agreements, and that's going to continue to say there
are going to be some years when it may be a bit higher, although it hasn't been for many, many years.
And so generally, it's underneath it. But it's also consistent with how we look at our land in terms of the
landlord as well. So it's a balance as well between the landlords as well as our customers. So I don't think
that there's any unique opportunity to be able to really change that. As you well know, we would really
price our contracts where it makes sense for our customers to want to be on our sites. And so we continue
to look at our pricing along those lines.

Operator

And I'll turn the call back to the speakers for any final closing comments.

Igor Khislavsky
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Leah, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call. Have a good rest of your day.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, everyone.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

