Amgen Inc. NasdaqGS:AMGN
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 30, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

3.41

3.64

6.74

3.91

14.60

14.82

1.51

16.10

6035.56

6197.00

2.67

6042.26

23186.65

23362.00

0.76

25409.90

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-29-2020 10:05 AM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.48

3.58

3.53

3.41

3.56

3.97

3.66

3.64

2.30 %

10.89 %

3.68 %

6.74 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Arvind Sood
Vice President of Investor
Relations

David M. Reese
Executive VP of Research &
Development

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial
Operations

Peter H. Griffith
Executive VP & CFO

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Brian Peter Skorney
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Christopher Joseph Raymond
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Gavin Scott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Guyn Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Kennen B. MacKay
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Mohit Bansal
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Salim Qader Syed
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Yaron Benjamin Werber
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

My name is Ian, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial
Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now
begin.

Arvind Sood
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Thank you, Ian, and good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for joining us today.

So 2019 was a year that we made significant progress on our strategy and took steps to position us well
for what will surely be a special year in 2020 as we celebrate our 40th anniversary. What better gift to
celebrate this important milestone than to get back to revenue growth.

So our Chairman and CEO, Bob Bradway, will lead the discussion today. We are also joined today by our
new CFO, Peter Griffith, who will provide a financial update on our results for Q4 and full year 2019, and
provide guidance for 2020. Our Head of Global Commercial Operations, Murdo Gordon, will then review
our product performance; followed by our head of R&D, Dave Reese, who will provide a pipeline update.

We will use slides to guide our discussion today, and you should have received the link separately. We
will also use non-GAAP financial measures in today's presentation, and some of the statements will be
forward-looking statements. Our 10-K and subsequent filings identify factors that could cause our results
-- actual results to differ materially.

So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Bob. Bob?

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call.

Heading into 2020, we feel ready for the challenges of a new year, and we're feeling encouraged by the
progress we made in 2019. Once again, this past year, we met and exceeded our financial targets. We
advanced key elements of our long-term growth strategy, and we serve more patients around the world
with our growing portfolio of medicines.

2019 was the transition year we had long been preparing for as many of our off-patent legacy products
faced new competition. I believe we managed this transition well, as evidenced by the fact that we
delivered earnings growth in 2019 and will return to top line growth in 2020.

In 2019, drug prices in the U.S. actually fell overall for the first time since 1974. In anticipation of this
challenge, we repositioned the company's expense base and embedded productivity initiatives over the
past several years that are serving us well. In addition, we reshaped our product portfolio, committing to
medicines that can deliver growth for us, primarily through volume increases rather than price increases,
products like Repatha, Aimovig, Prolia, EVENITY and most recently, Otezla.

In 2019, we delivered 3% volume growth globally and 19% volume growth outside the United States.
We're seeing especially strong performance in our Asia Pacific region, albeit from a small base. Over the
next decade, we expect this region to account for as much as 25% of Amgen's growth. For the full year in
2019, volume in the region grew 62%. Over 2/3 of that growth came from our joint venture with Astellas
in Japan, the world's third-largest pharmaceutical market. Just a reminder that this collaboration reverts
fully to Amgen on April 1, enabling us to do business in Japan through a wholly owned subsidiary for the
first time. Our strategic collaboration in China with BeiGene closed a few weeks ago, and we're excited by
what our 2 companies can achieve together in the world's second-largest pharmaceutical market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

2019 was also a watershed year for us for our biosimilars business. We've delivered our first several
biosimilars to market on time and on budget, and we believe we are in the early innings of what can be an
important growth opportunity for us over time.

Through the end of Q4, the business was already annualizing at over $1 billion, and we will add to our
portfolio later this year with the launch of AVSOLA, our biosimilar to REMICADE. We also expect that
AMGEVITA, our biosimilar to HUMIRA in Europe and other parts of the world, will benefit from our recent
acquisition of Otezla.

A key pillar of our growth strategy continues to be bringing to market first-in-class or best-in-class
medicines that deliver a large effect size for patients suffering from serious illnesses. The world is
growing older, wealthier and more urban, and these megatrends mean that the world will need more
biopharmaceutical innovation, not less. We intend to be a leader in delivering that innovation.

We expect several important data readouts from our pipeline in 2020. We expect data for AMG510, our
KRAS G12C inhibitor; for tezepelumab in allergic and nonallergic asthma; for omecamtiv in heart failure;
and for Otezla in mild to moderate psoriasis. In addition, we'd expect to generate some important data
across our BiTE portfolio in 2020 as well, and Dave Reese will provide details on all of this shortly.

Last year, we also expanded our commitment to discovery research, strengthening our world-leading
human genetics capabilities through a number of collaborations while adding large-scale proteomic data as
well. We remain excited about how our approach is enabling us to identify and pursue new targets and the
patients who stand to benefit most from them.

Everything we see in our company and across the industry continues to make us feel that we're living in
an incredible age of biotechnology innovation. Across diseases, we're seeing more and more reasons to
be optimistic about the next breakthrough for patients. At the same time, we know that governments and
individuals are struggling with how to pay for these breakthroughs. We accept the responsibility to be
part of the solution, both in advancing innovation that really matters and in providing innovative ways for
patients to get access to it. In an election year, there's bound to be much discussion about health care,
and we look forward to engaging with other stakeholders to promote market-based solutions that promote
innovative medicines and affordable access to them.

Just as we recognize that we need to be a constructive stakeholder to help sustain the robust ecosystem
that exists for biotechnology innovation in the U.S., so too do we recognize and accept the need to be part
of the process of addressing other environmental, social and governance matters that are of concern in
our communities today. To that end, several years ago, we set targets for reducing our carbon emissions
and water consumption by the year 2020. Having hit those targets in 2019, a year earlier than planned,
we are now developing a next set of goals that we will share later this year. These goals will include a
further commitment to our next-generation manufacturing technologies, which have a much smaller
environmental footprint than traditional biologics manufacturing and enable us to operate at a lower cost,
too.

Now let me turn over the call to our new CFO, Peter Griffith. You'll recall that Peter joined us in October,
and he'll take you through the details of our performance in 2019 and our outlook for 2020. Peter, over to
you.

Peter H. Griffith
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Bob.

Let me begin by saying how happy I am to join Amgen at such an exciting time in the company's 40-year
history. I also want to take a moment to thank David Meline, the Amgen team as well as many of you on
the call who have helped me transition into the role. Over the last several months, I've enjoyed meeting
many of our investors as well as members of the analyst community, and I look forward to the continued
dialogue and engagement.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Now let's turn to the fourth quarter financial results on Page 6 of the slide deck. Revenues at $6.2 billion
decreased 1% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. In the quarter, we saw worldwide product sales
declined 2% to $5.9 billion as our portfolio transitioned with declines in our mature products, substantially
offset by our growth and launch products. We are particularly encouraged by the strong 21% volume-
driven growth from our ex U.S. markets, which gives us confidence as we continue our global expansion,
including into China, which will also benefit from our collaboration with BeiGene, which closed earlier this
month.

Foreign exchange had a 1% negative impact to fourth quarter worldwide sales on a year-over-year basis.
Other revenues at $316 million were up $87 million versus Q4 2018.

Our Q4 non-GAAP operating income at $2.6 billion decreased 4% from prior year. Non-GAAP operating
margin was 44.6% for the quarter compared to 45.3% in Q4 of 2018. As previously indicated, our
operating expenses reflected the typical underlying fourth quarter pattern, increased investment in our
rapidly evolving oncology pipeline portfolio,and additional operating expenses associated with the Otezla
acquisition, which closed in Q4. These increases were partially offset by continued favorable expense
impacts from our productivity initiatives,across all operating expense categories.

Other income and expenses were a net $65 million expense in Q4, representing $132 million of year-over-
year favorability. This favorability was driven by gains generated from liquidating bond investments to fund
the Otezla and BeiGene transaction and favorable market value fluctuations of publicly traded securities
held in our Ventures portfolio, partially offset by lower interest income due to reduced cash balances.

The non-GAAP tax rate was 14.9% for the quarter, a 1.6-point increase versus Q4 2018. And primarily due
to a onetime prior year tax benefit associated with intercompany sales under U.S. corporate tax reform.

Non-GAAP net income was $2.2 billion. And non-GAAP earnings per share increased 6% year-over-year for
the fourth quarter, supported by a 7% reduction in share count versus Q4 2018.

Next, I will review our 2019 full year results on Page 7 of the presentation. Our 2019 full year revenues
decreased 2% to $23.4 billion, while our non-GAAP earnings per share grew 3% to $14.82 per share. For
the full year, we saw a 1% decline in worldwide product sales to $22.2 billion. Volume growth in markets
outside the U.S. was 19% year-over-year. Other revenues at $1.2 billion were down $56 million year-over-
year.

For the full year, non-GAAP operating income at $11.2 billion decreased 6% from the prior year. And
our non-GAAP operating margin was 50.2% for the year, down from 52.6% in 2018. In total, non-GAAP
operating expenses increased 3% year-over-year to $12.2 billion. This growth was driven by research and
development, research and development investments, launch product support and the addition of Otezla
to our business, partially offset by our productivity program.

Other income and expenses were favorable by $250 million on a year-over-year basis due primarily to
gains in 2019 from liquidating bonds to fund the Otezla and BeiGene transactions, partially offset by lower
interest income resulting from reduced cash balances.

The non-GAAP tax rate was 15% for the full year, up 1.5 points versus 2018, again, primarily due to a
onetime prior year tax benefit associated with intercompany sales under U.S. corporate tax reform.

Turning next to cash flow and the balance sheet on Page 8. For the full year 2019, Amgen continued to
generate strong cash flow, reflecting a diversified portfolio of products, coupled with an industry-leading
cost structure. Free cash flow was $8.5 billion in 2019 versus $10.6 billion in 2018, the decline driven by
lower net income, timing of working capital and an advanced tax deposits. In 2019, we returned a total
of $11.1 billion to shareholders through dividend payments totaling $3.5 billion and $7.6 billion used to
repurchase 40.2 million shares at an average of $190 per share. And this follows the $21.4 billion return
of capital to shareholders in 2018.

Cash and investments totaled $8.9 billion at the end of 2019, a decrease of $20.4 billion from the end of
2018. This decrease was primarily driven by the Otezla transaction, cash returned to shareholders in the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

form of dividends and share repurchases as well as debt repayment, all partially offset by free cash flow
generated during the period.

Debt outstanding at year-end totaled $29.9 billion and carries a weighted average interest rate of 3.7%
and with an average maturity of 12 years.

Now turning to the outlook for the business for 2020 on Page 9. 2020 will be another important year
for Amgen as we continue to invest in the pipeline to generate innovative and differentiated molecules,
build out the global business and support the growth of our new products. As previously discussed,
in anticipation of this opportunity and continued downward pressure on net prices, we developed a
productivity capability to enable us to fully invest from a position of strength.

Our 2020 revenue guidance is $25 billion to $25.6 billion, and our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance
is $14.85 per share to $15.60 per share. GAAP earnings per share guidance is $10.85 per share to
$11.65 per share, which diverges from non-GAAP EPS, primarily due to the amortization of intangibles
related to our Otezla acquisition. Our non-GAAP tax rate guidance is 13.5% to 14.5%. And once again,
we expect capital expenditures of approximately $700 million this year, including our industry-leading,
environmentally friendly, next-generation manufacturing facility in Rhode Island.

Let me mention several key assumptions embedded in our guidance. First, our revenue guidance range
reflects continued strong worldwide growth from products, including Prolia, EVENITY, Repatha, Aimovig,
Otezla and our biosimilar portfolio. At the same time, we expect increasing competition against our
filgrastim and ESA franchises as well as Sensipar.

Next, with regard to net selling prices, we experienced a 5% decline globally in 2019. For 2020, we expect
to again experience low to middle single-digit declines globally. We expect our volume growth to more
than offset the net price decline. Overall, as previously stated, excluding Otezla, we expect our base
business to be stable in 2020 on a year-over-year basis.

As you model revenue in 2020, note that historically, the first quarter represents the lowest product sales
quarter of the year. As a percent of the full year, product sales for the first quarter should look similar to
the percentage we saw in Q1 of 2019. Murdo will explain further in his remarks.

With respect to other revenue, we expect about $1.1 billion for the full year 2020 as we anticipate
increased competition against our royalty product portfolio.

From an operating expense perspective, overall, we expect 2020 total non-GAAP operating expenses
to grow in the low double-digit percentage range year-over-year on an absolute basis. As previously
communicated, we reiterate the following 3 assumptions: non-GAAP R&D investment to increase as we
invest in our advancing innovative pipeline programs and new Otezla indications, partially offset by R&D
recoveries received from our BeiGene collaboration; second, non-GAAP SG&A expense to increase due to
the acquisition of Otezla as well as modest incremental investment in support of our base business as we
continue to expand globally, including China and Japan, grow our biosimilars business and begin product
launch preparation for our late-stage pipeline; non-GAAP cost of sales as a percent of product sales to be
generally consistent with 2019.

We expect all expense categories to continue to benefit from our productivity program. We anticipate
non-GAAP other income and expense to be a net expense in a range between $1.2 billion and $1.4
billion. This is primarily driven by lower interest income as a result of cash used to fund the Otezla and
BeiGene transactions as well as our 20.5% share of BeiGene's results based on current publicly available
consensus estimates. I note that our 20.5% share of BeiGene's results will be booked 1 quarter in arrears
in accordance with the equity method of accounting, and therefore, begins in Q2 2020.

As you know, on April 1, 2020, Amgen will purchase the 49% of shares in Amgen Astellas biopharma that
are held by Astellas for a nominal fee, making the company a wholly owned Amgen subsidiary. First, let
me say how excited we are about this transition as it marks the achievement of a long-term strategic
objective. We look forward to further leveraging this platform as we seek to bring Amgen's new medicines
to patients in the third-largest pharmaceutical market. From a financial perspective, we anticipate limited
near-term financial impacts resulting from this transition.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Now with regard to capital deployment, our actions will continue to reflect the following principles. First,
we will invest in our business to expand our pipeline of innovative medicines and to seek to drive long-
term volume growth globally. We will also invest in prudent external business development opportunities.

Second, we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders in the form of growing dividends,
including the 10% increase in the first quarter of 2020 [Audio Gap] [ 60 ] per share, as well as continued
share repurchases. We will continue to take an opportunistic view towards the timing of share repurchases
within '20. We expect share repurchases within a range of $3 billion to $5 billion and have an authorization
outstanding in the amount of $6.5 billion.

And third, we remain committed to maintaining an optimal capital structure in order to minimize our
weighted average cost of capital and retain our investment-grade rating. Consistent with our usual
practice, our guidance today does not include the impact of potential external business development
activities.

So in summary, we delivered another year of strong financial results in 2019, and we remain confident in
the outlook for Amgen's success in 2020 and beyond.

This concludes the financial update. I will now turn the call over to Murdo.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Thanks, Peter, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll take a few minutes to reflect on 2019 and then review
Q4 in greater detail.

In the 40 years since incorporation, Amgen's product portfolio and geographical footprint has changed
dramatically. On our 40th anniversary, we reflect on the pioneering, innovative spirit of our early Amgen
employees that transformed the treatment of disease. Our mission to serve patients remains unchanged,
and it motivates us every single day. Our accomplishments on behalf of patients in 2019 give us further
confidence about our future as we enter 2020.

To summarize 2019, for the full year, we grew volume by 3%. The growing proportion of our portfolio
posted 35% year-over-year volume increases. This portfolio is diverse and includes products such as
Prolia, EVENITY, Repatha, Aimovig, Otezla, AMGEVITA, our 6 hematology and oncology brands as well as
MVASI and KANJINTI.

Finally, our international business contributed 19% volume growth in 2019. Notably, year-over-year
revenues for our businesses in China and Japan grew nearly eightfold. These markets are long-term
growth engines for Amgen. And our collaboration with BeiGene, along with our acquisition of Otezla will
accelerate our expansions in the second and third largest pharmaceutical markets.

Now moving to fourth quarter results. Volumes grew by 3% year-over-year. In Q4, net selling prices
declined 4% year-over-year, resulting in reported net sales declining by 2%. As Peter mentioned, we
have a stable outlook for our base business for 2020. And with the addition of Otezla, we expect revenue
growth this year despite projecting continued declines in net selling price on a portfolio basis.

Now getting into product details. Prolia delivered 15% growth year-over-year driven by higher volume
from increasing rates of new patient growth and strong repeat injection rates. Recall that given twice-a-
year dosing, Prolia experiences consistent seasonal trends.

EVENITY posted $85 million in the fourth quarter, driven by strong uptake in both Japan and the U.S.
Every year, worldwide, 8.9 million fractures occur due to osteoporosis. That's 1 fracture every 3 seconds,
and only 20% of women who experienced a fracture are treated with a bone-building medicine. Given the
underpenetrated nature of this market, we continue to focus on ensuring postmenopausal women receive
appropriate screening, diagnosis and treatment. With Prolia and EVENITY, we have excellent treatment
options to offer these patients.

On to Repatha. Q4 sales grew by 26% year-over-year as we continue to be the leader in the PCSK9
class. Worldwide unit growth was 67% year-over-year. And new-to-brand U.S. prescriptions are steadily

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

improving, growing at 61% year-over-year. We've taken significant steps and have made major progress
in improving access and affordability for Repatha. We removed the original list price offering we, simplified
and improved prescription approval rates and commercial plans, and we have increased the percentage of
Medicare patients up to 70% that can access Repatha at a more affordable co-pay.

Although the blended net price of Repatha in the U.S. declined in Q4 versus the previous year, net selling
price was relatively stable sequentially. For 2020, we expect a step-down in Repatha's net selling price in
Q1 based on our contracting to obtain broader access, with stabilization thereafter.

Now on to Aimovig on Slide 16. On a year-over-year basis, volume grew 27%, while net sales grew 3%.
And as a reminder, Q4 2018 benefited from $20 million of favorable changes in accounting estimates
impacting the year-over-year comparison on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Unit volume grew 9%.

To date, almost 300,000 patients have been prescribed aimovig by more than 33,000 prescribers.
Considering that there are 4 million migraine patients in the U.S. who are eligible for CGRP treatment,
Aimovig has significant potential remaining to penetrate this market. And we expect to drive volume
growth over the course of 2020.

Aimovig leads in both new-to-CGRP prescriptions and total prescriptions, which exited Q4 with a 48% TRx
share. Aimovig has exceptional access with over 80% of prescriptions paid and over 92% of lives covered.
As a result of this broader access, we expect net price to decline slightly on a full year basis for 2020 when
compared to the full year 2019. Additionally, Q1 has lower sales in subsequent quarters due to the impact
of benefit plan changes, insurance reverifications, and greater co-pay expenses as patients work through
their deductibles.

We'll move to Parsabiv on Slide 17, which grew by 49% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Independent
and midsize dialysis providers already utilize Parsabiv for a majority of their calcimimetic patients, while
FMC and DaVita continue to increase adoption.

Next, on to Otezla. With the help of the dedicated professionals that have joined our team from Celgene,
we will continue to drive strong sales growth and launch potential new indications for Otezla. During the
period since acquisition close, prescription momentum continued with 13% year-over-year growth. Our
seamless integration efforts, combined with planned label and geographic expansion, gives us confidence
in our ability to grow Tesla at low double-digit compound annual growth rate over the next 5 years. For the
approximately 5 weeks post-closing in 2019, Otezla sales were $178 million. We expect first quarter sales
to be proportionately lower than in the remaining quarters of the year. The quarterly pattern for Otezla in
2020 should approximate the historical pattern over the last number of years.

Moving on to Enbrel. Sales increased 2% year-over-year, driven by a [ $66 million ] favorable change in
accounting estimates and increases in net selling price, partially offset by unit volume declines. Volume
trends in 2020 are expected to be similar to those in 2019. As for net selling price, we project limited
benefit in 2020 versus 2019 due to less favorable contract terms.

With 2 highly complementary products targeting psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, we see an opportunity
to strengthen their positions in the market. More broadly, we're increasing our focus in inflammation
through our broad portfolio, which includes our biosimilars, MGEVITA and AVSOLA; our late-stage assets,
tezepelumab; and a number of other earlier assets in the R&D pipeline.

Now to our hematology and oncology business, which is highly integrated with our oncology biosimilars
that I'll discuss later. Our innovative portfolio of 6 brands, XGEVA, KYPROLIS, NPLATE, Vectibix, BLINCYTO
and IMLYGIC collectively totaled $1.2 billion in the quarter, growing 10% year-over-year.

As for some of the larger brands within this portfolio, XGEVA grew 7% in Q4 year-over-year, driven by 4%
volume growth. KYPROLIS grew 6% year-over-year, driven by volume led by a 12% increase in the U.S. --
in U.S. sales.

Nplate grew 15% year-over-year, driven by volume. Our investments in R&D for Nplate have resulted in 2
innovations. First, we recently launched a smaller presentation at 125 micrograms in support of Nplate's
pediatric indication as the product is administered with weight-based dosing. This new presentation will

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

also help to minimize general product wastage for ITP patients across all indications. Second, Nplate
received approval in October for the treatment of early ITP, which gives us the chance to serve patients
earlier in the course of their disease and provides the opportunity for treatment-free remission.

Now on to our more mature brands in Q4. Neulasta sales declined 43% year-over-year with a 42% decline
in the U.S. Recall that Q4 of 2018 benefited from a $55 million BARDA order, which did not repeat in Q4 of
2019. Coinciding with the emergence of U.S. biosimilar competition, the most recent CMS published ASP
for Neulasta reflects a 10% reduction. Bear in mind that ASP is calculated 2 quarters in arrears.

On a volume basis, in Q4, U.S. Neulasta retained an exit share of 74% over the long-acting segment, with
Onpro holding an exit share of 55%. We're encouraged by Onpro's durability, demonstrating confidence
that our customers have in the reliability and quality of our supply, along with our broader customer
services. We now face a third biosimilar competitor in the U.S., and other potential competitors remain in
development. As you model Neulasta sales for the first quarter, recall that Q1 2019 and benefited from a
$98 million BARDA order that we do not project to recur in 2020.

Finally, outside the U.S., sales declined 48% in Q4, and we expect those trends to continue.

Switching to nephrology. Starting on Slide 25, Q4 EPOGEN sales declined 20%, primarily due to lower
net selling price from our contractual commitment with DaVita, which calls for a further price reduction
in 2020. Meanwhile, Aranesp declined 10% year-over-year, driven by lower volume due to increased
competition.

Regarding SENSIPAR, recall that in the U.S., there were several at-risk generic launches in 2019 that
resulted in year-over-year sales declining 76% to $107 million in the quarter. In 2020, supplemental
patent protection certificates for cinacalcet expired in France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United
Kingdom, which will likely result in a significant decline in ex U.S. sales in 2020.

I'll close the product section with our biosimilar portfolio, which is highly integrated with our innovative
business throughout the company. As examples, a majority of these products were made with the same
manufacturing network as our innovative brands. We also leverage the same supply chain for distribution.
And on the commercial side, we continue to identify synergies in commercializing our biosimilars alongside
our innovative products, making it a highly efficient selling model and allowing us to rapidly apply
learnings across our portfolio.

We also offer the same provider and patient services as with our innovative portfolio. These advantages
are increasingly important as we now face additional biosimilar competition to KANJINTI and MVASI and
expect other competitors to enter during 2020.

Our Q4 biosimilar portfolio comprised of KANJINTI and MVASI in the U.S. and AMGEVITA, KANJINTI and
MVASI, outside of the U.S. recorded sales of $258 million. In the U.S., KANJINTI and MVASI each recorded
$79 million of sales, and we've seen very encouraging adoption rates in the clinic segment, and hospital
adoption is accelerating.

Given the early stage of launch, there is also some inventory stocking during the quarter.

Ex U.S. sales from our biosimilars were $100 million led by AMGEVITA. We continue to see important
differences between products and markets in terms of uptake and price erosion, with some markets
experiencing strong uptake at more discounted pricing levels while other larger markets, including
Germany and France, exhibit a more balanced and sustainable opportunity. Here again, we're able to
leverage our expertise and footprint in oncology while AMGEVITA efforts synergize nicely with Otezla.

In summary, 2019 was a solid year given the evolution of our product portfolio. In 2020, we plan to drive
volume uptake of our growth portfolio of products, now including Otezla, while defending our mature
brands.

Let me now turn over to Dave Reese.

David M. Reese
Executive VP of Research & Development

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Thanks, Murdo, and good afternoon, everyone.

As we enter 2020, we are looking forward to important clinical data from programs across our 3
therapeutic areas: inflammation, oncology and cardiovascular disease. I'll say more about oncology in
a moment, but would like to take the opportunity upfront to express our enthusiasm for the BeiGene
collaboration. We're off to a good start and look forward to working together to advance the global
development of our pipeline of innovative oncology molecules.

I'll now begin my quarterly review and inflammation. We expect Otezla data this year from a Phase III
study in over 500 patients with mild-to-moderate psoriasis that have failed topical therapy. This patient
population has no approved oral therapy available, and we are confident that Otezla may provide a much
needed treatment option. We're working with the CHMP toward a Behçet's indication in Europe and with
the FDA on inclusion of the scalp psoriasis data in the U.S. label this year. There are also ongoing studies
for new indications, including pediatric psoriasis, and we're evaluating additional studies to expand the
opportunity for Otezla.

I'll also remind you that later this year, we expect Phase III data from our TSLP antibody, tezepelumab, in
development with AstraZeneca in severe uncontrolled asthma.

In bone health, along with UCB, we were pleased to receive European approval for EVENITY for the
treatment of severe osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk of fracture. EVENITY is the first
new osteoporosis medicine approved in Europe in the last decade, a testament to the need for a new
therapy that can rapidly build bone.

Turning to oncology and hematology. We continue to rapidly advance the development program for
AMG510, our first-in-class KRAS G12C inhibitor. We enrolled the potentially pivotal Phase II monotherapy
study in advanced non-small cell lung cancer in approximately 3 months and look forward to sharing data
later this year when we have at least 6 months' follow-up on all patients.

I previously mentioned that we had enrolled a cohort of advanced colorectal cancer patients in our Phase
II monotherapy study. Based on the data we have generated to date, we have opened the study to further
enrollment and will assess our potential development path in colorectal cancer as additional data become
available.

We also expect to present additional data later this year from our first-in-human monotherapy study in
solid tumors, where we will have more information on duration of therapy as well as data in tumor types
other than lung and colon cancer.

We also expect initial data from our Phase I combination study with Keytruda in advanced non-small cell
lung cancer. We are enrolling advanced colorectal and non-small cell lung cancer patients in our MEK
inhibitor combination study as well as treatment-naive non-small cell lung cancer patients in our ongoing
Phase I monotherapy study. We continue to plan additional studies, primarily combination trials, and we'll
provide updates as the program progresses.

We remain enthusiastic about our BiTE platform, and 2020 will be an important year. Based on emerging
evidence of anti-tumor activity in both hematologic malignancies and solid tumors, we are growing
increasingly confident in the half-life extended format. As we advance our BiTE clinical programs in
different tumor settings, we are gaining important insights into dose and schedule and management of
adverse events, such as cytokine release syndrome. These insights will guide customized development
approaches depending on the target and underlying disease biology.

Over the course of the year, we anticipate sharing data from some of these programs and I'll provide
further guidance on expected data presentations as these molecules advance. We're now pursuing 2
half-life extended BiTE programs for gastric cancer and recently initiated a first-in-human study for AMG
199, which is directed against MUC17, a target widely expressed in gastric cancer. Gastric cancer, as
you know, is highly prevalent in East Asia, where we have a growing presence through our impending
Japan subsidiary and collaboration with BeiGene. As I previously discussed, we intend to present the data
for AMG 701, our half-life extended BCMA BiTE, when we have a meaningful data set, most likely in the
second half of this year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

We've also made several regulatory submissions in oncology, including the KYPROLIS CANDOR study in
the U.S., the KYPROLIS plus dexamethasone in China for relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma, and
BLINCYTO in China to relapsed/refractory ALL. We look forward to working with BeiGene to advance these
important medicines.

In cardiovascular disease, along with Cytokinetics, we look forward to the data from the omecamtiv
mecarbil Phase III outcome study in the fourth quarter of this year. Our heart failure treatment landscape
is expected to change based on recent data from other drug classes. We believe significant residual unmet
medical need remains in this global epidemic. Also in cardiovascular disease, our Lp(a) siRNA, AMG 890,
continues to advance, and we expect to initiate Phase II development in the first half of the year.

Finally, on biosimilars, we're pleased to receive U.S. approval for AVSOLA, our biosimilar Remicade, and
to make our U.S. regulatory submission for ABP 798, our biosimilar Rituxan. I'm also pleased to announce
that we are initiating a Phase III study with our seventh biosimilar, ABP 938, our biosimilar aflibercept or
EYLEA. Bob?

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President
Okay. Thanks, Dave. Ian, why don't we open the lines up for questions now and please remind our callers
of the process.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Jay Olson from Oppenheimer & Company.

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. You talked a little bit about net pricing dynamics for Aimovig. Could you maybe
elaborate a little bit on how you expect the competitive dynamic to shape up in the CGRP space? And any
long-term data you could potentially leverage there?

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Thanks for the question, Jay. It's Murdo here. We're very pleased with Aimovig's market access position
now with over 92% of covered lives having access to Aimovig at a very affordable co-pay. We're also
pleased with the addition this year of CVS. Last year, we did not have CVS as a benefit to -- as a -- with
Aimovig as a benefit, and we do as of the beginning of this year, and we've already seen an acceleration in
our new patient uptake. We are happy that the percentage of patients that are receiving paid prescriptions
now of Aimovig is above 80%. And that bodes well for the future growth of this category because we've
got highly effective medicines that have an impact, a significant impact on the reduction of migraine days
on migraine sufferers. And we have a lot of them. There's 4 million eligible patients out there in the U.S.,
and they're able to access Aimovig at a very affordable co-pay. So that's good for the future outlook of
the category. Obviously, because we did contract to secure that additional access, there will be a reduction
in our net selling price that you'll see in Q1, and then we expect it to be relatively stable over time. Now
because this is a retail benefit product, you do see some fluctuations as you make true-ups in the mix of
your product that comes through Medicaid, commercial or, to some extent, Medicare Part D. But overall,
we would expect, post Q1, stability in net selling price.

Operator

And our next question is line of Michael Yee from Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I had an R&D question for David. Of course, there's a lot of attention on AMG 510. You made a lot of
great comments about how you quickly enrolled the study, and we're going to get data later this year.
One of the things I picked up on was your comments about first-line lung. Can you just maybe make a
comment about how that advances or how that progresses? Or how you go about a first-line strategy,
that's obviously a huge opportunity. So maybe just comment about where that monotherapy study goes
and where you can go with first line.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Michael. That is intended to provide a potential treatment option for patients who are
not eligible for other first-line lung therapies or unwilling to take such therapies. I think it will provide
incredibly valuable clinical information on response to the drug in a previously untreated population. We've
just started enrolling that in the -- so -- over the course of the year. As we generate data, we'll provide
guidance as to when we may have some things to share.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Chris Raymond from Piper Sandler.

Christopher Joseph Raymond

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just on M&A priorities. So Bob, I was kind of struck a couple of weeks ago in San Francisco. You guys
talked about renal as maybe an area of interest in terms of building out the pipeline. And you're offering,
obviously, augmenting what is a pretty formidable business now. But I think the wording that I heard you
say, Bob, was that any asset you bring in would have to be game changing. So maybe 2 parts. Can you
talk about the reasoning for this sort of focus on renal or at least articulating that to us? And then what
are you really looking for in terms of a game-changing therapy?

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. So Chris, just to remind you, we have 6 commercial franchise areas, of which nephrology is one.
Obviously, that was our first, and we've been a leader in that area now for several decades. We have
a number of important products for nephrologists today. And we intend to continue to serve the needs
of patients and physicians and providers, et cetera in that community. We have not found in our own
discovery research efforts that we've been able to find the kinds of game-changing innovation that
we want to invest in from a discovery standpoint. So we're not investing in discovery, research and
nephrology right now. But we are going to look for business development opportunities there. And in
general, our strategy when it comes to business development is to look for medicines that make a big
difference for patients suffering from these diseases. So we'll look for innovation and large effect size.
I don't know that I used the word game changer, but if I did, that's what I was intending to reflect,
the notion of large effect size, innovative medicines. So to the extent there are some in the industry or
otherwise medicines where, again, we think because of the historical investment we've had with this
community of patients that we can add real value, we'll look.

Operator

And our next question line of Brian Skorney from Robert W. Baird & Company.

Brian Peter Skorney
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

One quick one -- actually, 2 quick ones on housekeeping. Just -- it looks like compared to last quarter,
you saw a 6% decline in Neulasta market share. Can you just break out how much of that was Onpro
loss? And can you also talk about how Onpro price has been impacted by the biosimilars have been able to
maintain price so far? Or have you taken greater discounts to maintain that share?

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Those are good questions for Murdo. Why don't you go ahead, Murdo?

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. Thanks, Brian. The majority of the share decline is from the prefilled syringe. Onpro exited at a 55%
share of long-acting filgrastim and continues to hold up well in terms of share. We have had a contract out
there that provides some discount to Onpro, but it's a more modest discount than you would see on the
prefilled syringe.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Evan Seigerman from Crédit Suisse.

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

One on biosimilars. So what are some gating factors to achieve? I think it's multibillion? Or are you at
1% greater than $3 billion in sales across the franchise? And if there were to be implementation of an

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

international pricing index or most favored nation clause for Medicare Part B, how would this potentially
impact your biosimilars business?

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

I can take a stab at the first part of your question and Murdo, I invite you to jump in. But since we made
those undertakings before you were part of the team, Murdo, the notion that we articulated was that
we were going to advance a portfolio of up to 10 biosimilars that we expected that these could be an
attractive growth opportunity for the company. And we're off to a good start. As you heard me say earlier,
at the end of the fourth quarter, we were annualizing in excess of $1 billion. So we're off to a good start.
We're on time, we're on budget with these programs. And the gating item is simply product approvals
and product launches. So we remain enthusiastic about our chance to earn a return from these products.
And as to the specifics of IPI, we don't just say, in general. We obviously would be concerned, we think
quite a few other stakeholder groups would as well about the disruption that IPI would represent to the
innovative biopharmaceutical industry. And we think there are better ways to evolve our system in a way
that ensures patients have access to medicines at affordable prices. But Murdo, feel free if you want to
add anything specific about IPI and biosimilar landscape.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Nothing on IPI, Bob. I think you summarized it well. And on biosimilars, the only thing I would say is I'm
thankful to have inherited this portfolio and for the decisions that were made prior to my arrival. I think
this is a strong business opportunity. It's been one we've been able to realize very good competitive share
in Europe. And we're off to a very good start in our early launch in the U.S., and I look forward to being
able to launch more products.

Operator

And our next question is line of Kennen MacKay from RBC Capital Markets.

Kennen B. MacKay
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Congrats on the end of the year in 2019. I totally agree, it was transformative. Maybe for Murdo, I was
wondering if you could talk a little bit about the synergies you're seeing or expecting between selling of
both Otezla and Enbrel, and whether there were any tailwinds there to year-end formulary rebating or
contracting negotiations we should think about pricing or access in the year ahead.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Thanks for the question, Kennen. Yes, we're excited about potential synergies between Otezla and Enbrel,
and quite frankly, by extension, our biosimilars business coming into the inflammation category. Too early
to comment on specifics, but we continue to work through our contracting strategy, promotional strategy,
even things as simple as possibly expanding into primary care promotion because we have a fairly large
primary care footprint. And then clearly, our international geographic expansion is augmented by having
Otezla joining our portfolio with potential new markets, where perhaps Otezla was slated to be launched
by distributors when we have a full-blown affiliate in some of those markets. And then the last piece is, of
course, synergies as we go into some of the new indication areas. So I'm excited about building those out.
Our teams are working hard to realize those synergies. And I feel optimistic that we'll be able to be more
specific in upcoming quarters.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Umer Raffat from Evercore ISI.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

I am just extraordinarily confused today on the guidance, but I'll limit my question to 2 specific things,
perhaps. First, Peter, on the OI&E line, if you can bear with me for a second, you mentioned $1.2 billion
to $1.4 billion. And I was trying to think it through, and I thought to myself, $30 billion debt at just above
3% rate. So that's $1 billion in interest expense, minus about $100 million of the interest income, so that's
$900 million. So when you guide to $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, that's effectively implying $300 million
to $500 million for BeiGene. But my understanding was you're only booking 20%. And I'm just trying
to understand, is BeiGene's implied net income $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion? Or am I thinking about that
wrong? Because that sounds so much higher than what BeiGene does. That's number one.

And secondly, on revenues, I noticed -- I know the business is being implied flat year-over-year outside of
Otezla. So I just wanted to understand better what the pushes and the pulls are there? And perhaps, also,
I think you'd mentioned biosimilars doing $1 billion in 2020. Annual 4Q '19 alone was north of $1 billion
run rate. So just trying to understand all this.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Umer, let's try to go through that. I think there were 3 questions there. So Murdo, you want to take
the first 2 on the revenue? Just clarify what we said. And then, Pete, you can help clarify the OI&E, other
interest and expense line item.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Sure. So yes, we've guided that our base business will be stable year-over-year. Obviously, there are a
range of outcomes on that portfolio, and we continue to work hard across a number of opportunities to
do as we've done historically, and that is to outperform. I would say that Otezla has come in, and we
have seen very good, seamless integration of that team and that performance of that product and the
growth trajectory continues without any interruption through the fourth quarter, and we're seeing strong
weeks early in the new year. On biosimilars, it's very early in the launch of those 2 products where we are
annualizing, as you pointed out, at over $1 billion based on fourth quarter, and we expect to be able to
continue to accelerate that business.

Peter H. Griffith
Executive VP & CFO

Umer, Peter here. Thanks for your question. I would take you to the fact that our total debt at the interest
rate I talked about in my remarks at 3.7% average maturity, 12 years, by the way. I mentioned that, too.
That, plus the 20.5% of BeiGene's results for 2020, the publicly available consensus estimates are what
we're guiding to. So when you work through those two, you should get pretty close to our $1.2 billion to
$1.4 billion for 2020.

Operator

And our next question is from line of Robyn Karnauskas from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

I don't want to beat a dead horse, but I guess, I'm confused, too, just by this lack of growth given that
your slides here have outlined in your last -- you've lost like half Onpro's holding. You're growing like a
bunch of different products. So what is the 1 thing you think that is going to prevent you from growing
more this year? Not just having a stable business year-over-year. That's sort of what I'm struggling with
the most. Just help me understand that because the way you described it, it looks like more growth of the
top line.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Sorry, Robyn, repeat the last piece of your question? What do we [indiscernible]?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Sure. Just like, the way you're describing your businesses in your slide performance basically is that
you're growing many parts of the business, and the part that is declining as a loss seems to be potentially
stabilizing with Onpro. So what is preventing you from growing beyond what you're guiding? Is there one
particular thing? I think, most of us are sitting there saying, why can't you grow more than what you've
outlined, given the picture that you painted of the business being actually quite strong?

Peter H. Griffith
Executive VP & CFO

So I'd agree with your last comment. The picture of the business does look quite strong. We're pleased
with what we've been able to achieve, particularly in the back half of last year.

As I mentioned earlier, some of the Neulasta stability with Onpro has been at the expense of contracted
terms, which lower the net price of that total portfolio, inclusive of Onpro. And we would expect, with
additional competitors against Neulasta in the biosimilar space, that there will be further net price
erosion in the long-acting filgrastim category. And of course, overall, in our total portfolio worldwide, we
would expect single-digit net price declines for the year. Now that goes up against what I talked about
throughout the call is we have a number of really strong growth drivers in a young portfolio of very diverse
products, and we have guided a wide range on revenue. And it's my hope that the strong execution we
saw in the back half of last year continues into this year, and we can achieve a good growth profile, not
just in Otezla, but in the base business.

Operator

And our next question is line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Omecamtiv is a product you guys haven't talked a lot about recently. Obviously, some Phase III data
coming later this year. Dave, you mentioned it in your remarks as well in terms of kind of the change in
treatment landscape. But just curious if you could remind us of the puts and takes for the program as we
think about the probability of success here? And what would really get you guys excited to that type of
data?

David M. Reese
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. Sure, Terence. This is Dave. I'm happy to address that. I mean as I mentioned in my remarks, heart
failure is a global epidemic. What makes us continue to have excitement in omecamtiv, it's a first-in-class
mechanism of action. It's the only drug ever introduced that actually acts directly on the heart cell to
improve contractility or the heart's pumping function. And we're conducting what'll be a definitive 8,200-
patient, give or take, trial in patients with advanced heart failure. It's a fairly sick population where we're
going to be looking for mortality benefit and a variety of other clinical outcome measures that improved.
So I think there's a large amount of residual unmet medical need. And obviously, where this fits in a
changing treatment landscape will depend on the profile that emerges from that Phase III trial.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Ronny Gal from Bernstein Research.

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Congratulations on the nice 2019 and got 1 housekeeping and 1 question. The quick one is, I was
wondering if you could give us your comment on the Medicaid block grant that just was announced
today. Does that has any relevance to you? And then generally, where do you expect it will impact the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

drug industry? And second, David, I was wondering if you can give me your view on the Memorial Sloan
Kettering paper suggesting that targeting the active GTP-bound form of KRAS is better than trapping the
GDP KRAS in the inactive form in terms of preventing tumors -- tumor resistance to those agents.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Good. Well, let me -- I'll knock off the Medicaid piece first, Ronny. It's -- for those who are on the call
who aren't aware, CMS released some guidance earlier today, so we and others are still chewing through
it. I think it will have very limited impact at first read of it for us. But it's likely to be relevant for those
states that didn't opt into ACA in the first instance. And we'll go through it as well, I'm sure others in our
industry, more closely to see whether there are any specific issues for our business. But it didn't seem
to me, Ronny, that, that was going to be a concern for us in 2020. Dave, you want to tackle the Sloan
[indiscernible]

David M. Reese
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. I'm sure you don't want to address that one, Bob. So for those who aren't familiar, Ronny is referring
to a paper that came out within the last month or so that suggests that also targeting the GDP-bound
form of KRAS G12C would be required for signaling inhibition. We read the paper with interest, of
course, make a couple of observations. First, I would say our own data with AMG 510 suggests that at
the appropriate doses and doses that we can achieve clinically, we can completely suppress signaling
throughout a dosing interval. It is also my understanding or belief that the G12C inhibitor used in that
paper may have been a little less potent. And one thing that we've learned over 40 years in oncology is
that if you incompletely inhibit a target, you very quickly breed resistance. So I would say, I feel very
confident based on the preclinical data that we've generated with AMG 510. We're, of course, profiling
tumors across our clinical program to try to generate signatures of response and resistance. This is the
sort of thing that we'll look at, but I don't see anything in the literature as of yet that dissuades me from
the approach we're currently taking.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Mohit Bansal from Citi.

Mohit Bansal
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

A quick question on Otezla in mild to moderate psoriasis. It seems like you'll have data later this year. But
given that the tax rate is kind of a standard of care in that particular market and is a generic, what sort of
challenge do you anticipate placing Otezla in that market? And how do you think about navigating those
challenges there?

David M. Reese
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. Well, let me start, Mohit, and then I'll ask Murdo to jump in. So in mild to moderate psoriasis, there
are currently no approved oral therapies. The only thing really available to patients right now is topical
therapy. Many of them will not ultimately experience disease control with those topical therapies. And
so we think there's a real opportunity for Otezla in that area. They are up to nearly 6 million patients
with mild to moderate psoriasis in the United States alone, so that gives you a sense of the size of this
opportunity and actually the prevalence of the disease. Murdo?

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. And Mohit, the only thing I would add is, yes, there's some methotrexate use there, but it's largely a
topical business, as Dave described. And it's largely a patient population that gives very little relief. And
this is really a patient population that is in the sweet spot for Otezla. The other thing I have to say is that
our new colleagues when building out their positioning strategy for Otezla and their payer strategy, have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

done a very, very nice job, both positioning the access and reimbursement for Otezla as a post topical
prebiologic option. So I think for the mild to moderate population, if we're successful in securing that
indication, that same payer strategy will be continued. So I feel confident that we're in good shape there
for another source of growth for Otezla going forward.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

So Ian, I know we've got several calls -- or several questions still queued up. So we'll try to get through
those. Apologies that we're beyond the top of the hour here, but let's go on to the next question.

Operator

Certainly. Our next question is from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just wanted to follow-up on a comment that Dave made earlier in the call, suggesting, I think, that
maybe you're seeing some activity in HLE BiTEs in both solid tumors and liquid tumors. Maybe you
could just characterize for us what data you have internally that gave you the confidence to make that
statement?

David M. Reese
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. Thanks, Matt. And I assume that someone would pick up on that statement. So what I would say
is I'm not ready to declare victory in any indication yet. But we're seeing the sort of pharmacodynamic
activity and early suggestions of antitumor activity that are reminiscent of the early days of BLINCYTO,
and that give us encouragement that we're on the right track. I'd also point out that we undoubtedly have
the largest experience in the world in development of bispecific T-cell engagers. As I noted in my remarks,
we've learned an enormous amount about dosing and scheduling, appropriate management of adverse
events. And I think all of that is starting to come to bear right now, and we're starting to see some of
these hints in the HLE or half-life extended format. So again, I'm not ready to declare victory, but we're
seeing signs of encouragement, and we'll be ready to share some of those data as the year goes on.

Operator

And our next question is from line of Do Kim from BMO Capital Markets.

Guyn Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just one on Aimovig. You've talked previously about expanding the primary care prescribing base. How
would you go about doing that? And could you do it with your current sales force?

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. Thanks, Do. We are doing it with our current sales force. I think I talked about the 33,000 prescribing
base. And I think we're seeing some encouraging results. Right now, in the CGRP class, you see about
7,000 new patients coming into the class and into the category that are receiving a CGRP therapy. And
it's our goal to broaden that, given that there are so many patients who are persisting on oral therapies
and older therapies that are just not as effective. And in fact, we see very high drop off and very low
persistency on these older oral meds like topiramate. And we're trying to change that care continuum, that
pathway and the way physicians treat chronic migraine sufferers, and I think we're having some success.
So the 7,000-patient per week number that we're seeing is one that we're looking to grow, and we are
applying all the right efforts both in our digital campaigns as well as our personal selling teams in the
primary care community right now. So yes, the answer is we have all the resources required to do that.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

And our next question is from the line of Yaron Werber from Cowen & Company?

Yaron Benjamin Werber
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

If you don't mind, Dave, I just have a quick housekeeping and then a question for Murdo. On the
housekeeping side, omecamtiv, can you just let us know, is there 1 more final DSMB look before you look
at the event rate? And then for Murdo, just curious about Repatha, it looks like it's beginning to grow now.
But now what's your expectation given that 70% of patients now have access to the new price -- the new
formulation.

David M. Reese
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes, Yaron. So I'll take the omecamtiv question. There is -- as we've previously discussed, there's an
interim analysis for efficacy that will occur. That has a very, very high bar, a very high bar in terms of the
statistical stopping rule. So our expectation is that the trial will continue through to the primary analysis
towards the end of the year.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. And Yaron, on Repatha. Just a reminder, 100% of patients are accessing the low list price because
we pulled the original list price off the market in December. And we've been able to, throughout the
course of 2019, open up the commercial access, where the majority of patients receive Repatha by their
physicians prescribing it without the need for paperwork and utilization management criteria. So for
physician attestation only in commercial is the majority condition for how they can prescribe Repatha.
And then in the Medicare Part D space, obviously, that's a new event for us because we were mid-cycle
when we lowered the price with the introduction of a low list price. So it's really something we're excited
about as an accelerating potential for Repatha. As was mentioned, roughly 70% Medicare Part D lives
now have access to Repatha and affordable co-pay. So we're looking forward to seeing sustained growth
going forward. Our teams are ready. And I was just with our sales forces in Dallas, and everybody is pretty
excited about being able to treat more patients, quite frankly, the way they should have been treated all
along.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Geoffrey Porges from SVB Leerink.

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

A quick housekeeping and then one for Murdo. First, could you just give us an update, Dave, on where the
C5 biosimilar program is? Is that still active? And then for Murdo, I know you -- I'm impressed with the
EVENITY number. You're annualizing at sort of $350 million already, which I think is better than most of
us anticipated. Could you talk a little bit about the reception you're receiving and whether you really think
this can become? FORTEO is obviously losing its exclusivity. Can it become a FORTEO-like brand, given
what you're seeing already?

David M. Reese
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes, Jeff, so I'll take the first part of that question relating to ABP 959 or Soliris biosimilar. That Phase III
is actively enrolling, and we'll provide guidance as we come to the conclusion of that trial when you can
expect to see data.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Yes. And Geoffrey, thanks for the question on EVENITY. We are pleased with the launch trajectory on
EVENITY. It's reflective, really, of 2 markets, Japan and U.S., primarily. The Japanese launch has been
nothing short of a resounding success there. With our partners Astellas and UCB, I think physician
reception has been excellent. We've positioned the product for post fracture high-risk patients. And I
think that, that's gone really well, and it's where the risk-benefit equation seems to be one that most
physicians are accepting off. And we've done the same thing in the U.S. Our launch is a little younger in
the U.S. but nonetheless, the trajectory has exceeded our own expectations as well. We just recently got
our permanent J code in the U.S., and that's opening up the prescriber base as well. So I do think that
we will have a very successful franchise on our hands. And of course, UCB will be commercializing with
some help from us across Europe, thanks to the approval with the EMA there. So overall, will there -- will
it be as big as a FORTEO? That remains to be seen. We are, I will remind you, slightly less expensive. 30%
on the low end, as much as 70% on the high end than our competitors in the category. It's a 12-month
duration. So it's not a product that you take for multiple years. It's a 12-month duration. But the new
patient acquisition is clearly exciting.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald.

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

I guess part of it is another drug that's been doing quite well in spite of Sensipar. So maybe can you
talk about -- should we expect continued kind of unit demand growth? I know you probably had some
contracting, obviously, over the prior 12 months, but just maybe help us frame how to think about the
next 12 months for Parsabiv.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. Thanks, Alethia. The Parsabiv performance last year was fantastic. There are a number of patients
who are benefiting from it. There is a change in reimbursement for Parsabiv going into -- coming into
2020 that may slow the rate of growth a little, but the range of possible outcomes is broad and it's really
too early to call.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Ian, I think we've got 2 more calls. Why don't we try to get them, and then we'll wrap up.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Salim Syed from Mizuho Securities.

Salim Qader Syed
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Just one for me on omecamtiv. David, you mentioned that the landscape will be changing, you believe,
based on some of the recent data. And I guess what I was looking for some clarity on when I presume
you're talking about the SGLT2 space, specifically dapagliflozin. And then from the commentary you
provided, are you envisioning this to be -- omecamtiv to be on top of SGLT2s or competing at the head?
And if there's any SGLT2 patients actually getting enrolled in the trial.

David M. Reese
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. Thanks, Salim. Yes, so I was making reference to the SGLT2s, in particular. Our sense is that the
patients treated in those studies were probably a somewhat less sick population, so that may be a point
of differentiation. And then as we have intended all along with omecamtiv, given the lack of drug-drug
interactions that we've seen now and the mechanism of action, it is intended to be an add-on to other

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

therapies. Of course, in the Phase III trial, we will look at the number of patients who are receiving things
such as SGLT2s in the study.

Operator

And our final question is from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Cory?

Gavin Scott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Gavin on for Cory. And I apologize if you answered this, but we are wondering what your
assumptions are going into the double-digit growth for Otezla. Does this imply label expansion? Or is this
just with the existing label? And/or any comments on competitive concerns?

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think we've addressed that. But why don't we just reiterate for you, Gavin, what we think is behind
that.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. So we are assuming that we would secure additional indications in our assumption for double-digit
going forward. We are also using historical growth rate, where we're sourcing new patients right now. So I
think that's pretty clear.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Okay, everyone. Thanks for your patience. Sorry, we went a little bit past the allotted hour. But let me
just conclude by saying that we feel good about where we ended in 2019, managing through what was
always going to be a transition year for us. And we think we're on the cusp now of a period of new product
revenue growth. So we look forward to that, and we look forward as well to the important clinical data
that is expected, particularly towards the second half of this year. So I'd be remiss if I didn't just take a
moment to thank as well the Amgen staff around the world who continue to work so hard every day to
deliver on our mission to serve patients. So thank you to them, and we look forward to having a chance to
talk to all of you in April after the first quarter. Thanks.

Arvind Sood
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Bob. Thanks, everybody, for your participation. If you have any other questions you would like to
cover, of course, myself and the rest of the IR team will be around for several hours. Have a good day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude Amgen's Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call.
We thank you for your -- joining us. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AMGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

