Amphenol Corporation NYSE:APH
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 21, 2020 5:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.88

1.09

Revenue  (mm)

2038.43

2323.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-21-2020 2:23 PM GMT

23.86

13.98

0.95

3.37

4.06

2135.36

8078.18

8765.16

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.91

0.74

0.62

0.88

0.98

0.71

0.81

1.09

7.69 %

(4.05 %)

30.65 %

23.86 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Deepa Bhargavi
Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Shawn Matthew Harrison
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research
Division

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

William Stein
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Luke L. Junk
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to the Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call for Amphenol Corporation. [Operator
Instructions] At the request of the company, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any
objections, you may disconnect at this time.

I would now like to introduce today's conference host, Mr. Craig Lampo. Sir, you may begin.

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Craig Lampo, Amphenol's CFO, and I'm here together with
Adam Norwitt, our CEO. We would like to welcome you to our third quarter 2020 conference call.

As a reminder, during the call, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures and may make
certain forward-looking statements. So please refer to the relevant disclosures in our press release for
further information.

The company closed the third quarter with record sales of $2.323 billion and record GAAP and adjusted
diluted EPS of $1.12 and $1.09, respectively. Sales were up 11% in U.S. dollars and up 10% in local
currencies compared to the third quarter of 2019. Sales in the third quarter increased by 9% organically.
And sequentially, sales were up 17% in U.S. dollars and 15% in local currencies and organically.

Breaking down sales into our 2 segments. The Interconnect business, which comprised 96% of our sales,
was up 11% in U.S. dollars and 10% in local currencies compared to the third quarter of last year. Our
Cable business, which comprised 4% of our sales, was up 2% in U.S. dollars and 5% in lower currencies
compared to the third quarter of last year. Adam will comment further on trends by market in a few
minutes.

Operating income was $476 million in the third quarter of 2020. Operating margins were 20.5%, which
was up a very strong 250 basis points sequentially and up 80 basis points compared to the third quarter
of 2019. The strong sequential improvement in margins reflected a healthy conversion on the higher sales
levels as well as an expected significant reduction in the impact of COVID-related costs. The year-over-
year improvement in operating margin reflected a strong conversion on the higher sales levels.

From a segment standpoint, in the Interconnect segment, margins were 22.4% in the third quarter of
2020, which increased from 21.7% in the third quarter of 2019 and 20% in the third quarter -- sorry, in
the second quarter of 2020. In the Cable segment, margins were 10.7%, which increased from 10.2% in
the third quarter of 2019 and 9.4% in the second quarter of 2020.

Given the unprecedented challenges related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are extremely proud of this
quarter's performance. Our team's ability to manage through all of the impacts of this crisis is a direct
result of the strength and commitment of the company's entrepreneurial management team, which
continues to foster a high-performance, action-oriented culture and which has enabled us to capitalize on
opportunities and maximize profitability in an uncertain market environment.

Interest expense for the quarter was $28 million, which was down from $30 million in the third quarter
of last year. The company's GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2020, including an excess tax
benefit of $11 million associated with stock option exercises during the quarter, was 22.1% compared
to 24.5% in the third quarter of 2019. Excluding the excess tax benefit just mentioned, the company's
adjusted effective tax rate was 24.5% for both the third quarter of 2020 and 2019.

Adjusted net income of $336 million was 14% of sales in the third quarter of 2020, another confirmation
of the strength of the company's financial performance. On a GAAP basis, diluted EPS increased by 22%
at $1.12 in the third quarter of 2020 compared to $0.92 in the third quarter of 2019. Adjusted diluted EPS
increased by 15% to $1.09 in the third quarter of 2020 from $0.95 in the third quarter of 2019.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Orders for the quarter were $2.275 billion, which was up 9% compared to the third quarter of 2019 and
up 15% sequentially, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 0.98:1. The company continues to be an excellent
generator of cash. Cash flow from operations was a strong $398 million in the third quarter or 119% of
adjusted net income. Our free cash flow was $330 million or 98% of adjusted net income.

From a working capital standpoint, inventory and accounts receivable and accounts payable were $1.4
billion, $1.9 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, at the end of September. And inventory days, days
sales outstanding and payable days were 79, 72 and 61 days, respectively, all improved from the second
quarter levels and all within our normal range.

During the third quarter, our cash flow from operations of $398 million, along with the proceeds from
the exercise of stock options of $104 million, were used primarily to repurchase 1.9 million shares of the
company's stock for $202 million or an average price of $108, fund dividend payments of $75 million for
net capital expenditures of $68 million, fund acquisitions of $50 million and fund net purchases of short-
term investments of $9 million.

As mentioned in today's earnings release, the company's Board of Directors has approved a 16% increase
in the quarterly dividend on the company's common stock from $0.25 to $0.29 per share. This increase is
effective for payments beginning in January of 2021.

At September 30, cash and short-term investments were $1.5 billion, a majority of which is held outside of
the U.S. Total debt at September 30 was $3.8 billion with no maturities before the third quarter of 2021.
And net debt at September 30 was $2.4 billion. Total cash on hand plus the remaining availability under
our credit facilities was $4 billion at the end of the quarter. And third quarter EBITDA was $568 million,
and our pro forma net leverage ratio was 1.2x.

I'll now turn it back to Adam, who will provide some commentary on current trends.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, Craig, thank you very much, and I'd like to extend my welcome to everybody here today at the time
of our third quarter earnings release.

And first and foremost, I hope that all of you on the call here today, together with your family, your friends
and your colleagues, are staying safe and healthy throughout the pandemic.

As Craig mentioned, I'm going to highlight some of our achievements in the third quarter, and most
importantly, discuss the trends and progress across our served markets. I'll then make a few comments on
our outlook for the fourth quarter as well as for the full year of 2020.

With respect to the third quarter and amidst what has been clearly an unprecedented and volatile year,
I'm truly proud that we at Amphenol achieved record sales and adjusted earnings per share in the third
quarter, realizing levels significantly above our guidance that we issued just 90 days ago.

Sales reached $2.323 billion, an increase from prior year of 11% in U.S. dollars, 10% in local currencies
and 9% organically. This strong growth was driven by increases in mobile devices, IT datacom, industrial,
military, broadband and the automotive markets and was offset partially by declines in the commercial air
and mobile networks markets.

We're particularly proud to have achieved a very robust 17% sequential growth from the second quarter,
which was significantly higher than our original expectations. As Craig mentioned, the company booked
$2.275 billion in orders, and that represented a book-to-bill of 0.98:1.

Now despite experiencing some continued operational challenges related to the pandemic, we generated
excellent operating margins of 20.5% in the third quarter, and this was a full 250 basis point increase
from our second quarter levels. Just want to say that the company's financial position remains extremely
strong, with our operating cash flow of $398 million, and that was particularly notable, given the stronger-
than-expected sequential growth from the second quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

And we continue to leverage that financial strength to return capital to our shareholders, both through
our repurchase last quarter of 1.9 million shares of the company's stock as well as the Board of Directors'
approval of a 16% increase in our quarterly dividend that we're announcing today.

I'm extremely proud of the Amphenol team. No question in my mind that the record results this quarter
clearly demonstrate the true value of the agility, the discipline and the drive of our entrepreneurial
organization.

Now turning to the trends across our served markets. I would just comment that as we've seen this
year so far, Amphenol is balanced and broad end market diversification is a uniquely valuable asset,
especially in times of heightened economic uncertainty. As many of our markets began to recover in the
third quarter, we were able to quickly capitalize on the growth opportunities in those markets while still
retaining our broad exposure to new opportunities and new technology developments across all areas of
the electronics industry.

The military market represented 12% of our sales in the third quarter. Sales in this market increased by
6% from prior year, driven in particular by growth in military vehicles, naval, space, communications and
airframe applications.

Sequentially, our sales increased by a strong 30%, as we recovered from the impact of production
restrictions that hit certain of our facilities related to government measures implemented in the second
quarter to control the COVID-19 pandemic.

Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect sales to increase slightly from these levels. And for the full year
2020, we expect a low single-digit increase in sales from prior year. This full year performance reflects
our leading market position and strong execution, offset in part by the impact of the pandemic-related
production restrictions we experienced in the first half of 2020.

I'm very proud of our team working in the military market around the world. They have maintained a
singular focus on ensuring that our defense industry customers have uninterrupted access to our leading
high-technology interconnect products, which are critical to our customers' equipment. We are encouraged
both by the accelerating adoption of electronics in these systems together with the overall favorable
defense spending environment. The investments that we've made over the last several years in both new
technologies and the capabilities to produce them at volume have positioned us very strongly to be able to
capitalize on these trends for many years to come.

The commercial aerospace market represented 2% of our sales in the third quarter. Sales were down by
40%, a very significant level, as the commercial aircraft market once again experienced unprecedented
declines in demand for new aircraft due to the pandemic-related disruptions to the global travel industry.
Sequentially, our sales were a bit better than expected, rising 4% from the second quarter.

As we look ahead, though, we expect the commercial air market to continue to be negatively impacted
by the significant reduction in demand for air travel, which is occurring around the world. Accordingly, we
expect an approximately 20% sequential reduction in our sales to this market in the fourth quarter. And
for the full year 2020, we expect a roughly 35% decline from prior year due to the unprecedented demand
disruptions that our customers are experiencing.

It's no question that these are difficult times for the entire travel industry and that, that's having a
serious impact on the market for commercial airplanes in the near term. Nevertheless, our team remains
committed to leveraging the company's strong technology position across a wide array of aircraft
platforms and next-generation systems integrated into those airplanes. And we remain well positioned
when this market eventually does return to growth.

The industrial market represented 22% of our sales in the quarter. And our sales to the industrial
market exceeded our expectations, increasing by 21% in U.S. dollars and 18% organically, a very strong
performance. This robust growth was driven especially by the instrumentation, medical, industrial battery,
heavy equipment, alternative energy and rail mass transit segments, really a broad base of growth that
we saw in the industrial market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Although we had expected sales to be modestly lower than the second quarter, we actually realized 11%
sequential growth here in the third quarter, a very strong performance. Looking into the fourth quarter,
we expect a modest decline from these third quarter sales levels. Nevertheless, for the full year 2020, we
expect a low double-digit increase in sales from 2019 levels, an outstanding performance given the overall
market environment.

I'm truly proud of our team working in the industrial market. Whether enabling the growth in volumes of
a wide array of medical equipment, managing through significant increases in demand for semiconductor
capital equipment or executing on unprecedented demand for next-generation batteries, our global
organization has reacted quickly to ensure that our customers around the world are fully supported
regardless of the many operational challenges that have arisen throughout the COVID-19 pandemic.

As we look towards the long term, I'm confident that our performance through this crisis has positioned
us very strongly for the future. And importantly, we continue to drive our leading development of next-
generation interconnect, sensor and antenna products in support of our customers in the industrial market
who, in turn, are accelerating their adoption of next-generation technologies.

The automotive market represented 17% of our sales in the third quarter. After a truly challenging second
quarter during which the global automotive industry was deeply impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, we
were very pleased to have seen a very strong recovery here in the third quarter with results much better
than we had originally anticipated coming into the quarter.

Our team's outstanding execution led to an increase in sales from prior year by 4% in U.S. dollars and
1% organically, well ahead of our expectations. Sequentially, our sales increased by a truly significant
78% from the second quarter, as our team was able to execute quickly on recovery and demand from
automotive customers in all regions.

Looking now into the fourth quarter. We expect automotive sales to further increase in the mid-single
digits from these levels. For the full year 2020, we expect a low double-digit reduction in sales, which does
reflect the severe and sudden pandemic-related downturn in demand from automotive OEMs that we saw
in the first half.

I'm extremely proud of our team working in the automotive market, who has clearly demonstrated both
agility and resiliency in realizing these strong sequential growth levels. In fact, our performance through
this crisis makes me even more confident in our long-term prospects in the automotive market.

We've continued to expand our range of interconnect, sensor and antenna products both organically and
through acquisitions, all with the goal of enabling a wide array of onboard electronics across a diversified
range of vehicles made by auto manufacturers around the world. This consistent strategy will, no doubt,
continue to benefit us as the automotive market recovers.

The mobile devices market represented 16% of our sales in the quarter, and our sales to mobile device
customers increased by a stronger-than-expected 25% from prior year, driven in particular by increased
sales of products incorporated into laptops, tablets and wearables. And this was offset in part by slightly
lower year-over-year sales to smartphones. Sequentially, our sales increased by a much stronger-than-
expected 37%, and this was driven by higher sales across all the products that we serve.

Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect a slight increase from these already strong third quarter levels.
And for the full year, we anticipate sales to grow in the low double digits from 2019. And I would just note
that this is well above our original expectations as we came into the year before we were hit with the
pandemic.

While mobile devices will always remain one of our most volatile markets, our outstanding agile team
is poised as always to capture any opportunities for incremental sales that may arise here in the fourth
quarter or beyond. Our leading array of antennas, interconnect products and mechanisms continue to
enable a broad range of next-generation mobile devices, and this positions us well for the long term.

The mobile networks market represented 6% of our sales in the quarter. And sales decreased, as we had
expected, from prior year by 19% in U.S. dollars and 21% organically, driven by lower sales to wireless

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

operators as well as some continued impact from the U.S. government restrictions on certain Chinese
entities that we have previously discussed. On a sequential basis, our sales reduced by 9% on overall
lower spending by both operators and OEMs.

Looking into the fourth quarter. We expect a further seasonal sales reduction of approximately 25%
related to both OEMs and service providers. And for the full year, we expect a high-teens reduction in
sales, which reflects the impact of the U.S. government restrictions as well as the COVID-19 pandemic.

Regardless of the near-term challenges in the mobile networks market, we're confident in the company's
long-term position in this important and exciting industry. Our team continues to work aggressively to
expand our opportunity with next-generation equipment and networks. As customers ramp up investment
of these advanced systems, we look forward to benefiting from the increased potential that comes from
our unique position with both equipment manufacturers and mobile service providers around the world.

The information technology and data communications market represented 21% of our sales in the quarter.
Sales in the third quarter were once again much better than we had anticipated, rising from prior year by
a very strong 24% in U.S. dollars and 21% organically. And this growth was really driven from increased
demand for data traffic that continued to prompt both our OEM and service provider customers to increase
their demand across virtually all segments of the IT datacom market.

Sequentially, sales were down by a less-than-expected 10% from our extremely strong second quarter.
As we look towards the fourth quarter, we expect the mid-teens sequential decline from these very strong
third quarter levels. And for the full year 2020, we expect sales to increase in the low teens, reflecting the
significant upside in demand we experienced in both the second and third quarters, offset in part by the
pandemic-related disruptions we saw in the first quarter.

Our team working in support of the IT datacom market has clearly distinguished themselves this year,
reacting quickly to capitalize on unprecedented demand for our industry-leading high-speed and power
products. At the same time, we've not slowed down our efforts to further develop our broad range of
industry-leading interconnect products in support of data communications networks around the world.

Indeed, we remain very encouraged by the company's strong technology position in the global IT datacom
market. Our customers continue to drive their equipment to ever higher levels of performance in order to
manage the dramatic increases in demand for bandwidth and processor power. In turn, our team remains
singularly focused on enabling this continuing revolution in IT datacom.

The broadband market represented 4% of our sales in the quarter. Sales increased by 5% from prior
year, driven by stronger demand for home installation-related equipment from broadband operators. On
a sequential basis, sales increased by a stronger-than-expected 13%, as our customers continued to
upgrade their networks in support of the increased demand for high-speed data.

We expect sales in the fourth quarter to moderate from these levels on typical end of the year seasonality.
And for the full year 2020, we expect sales to be roughly flat with prior year. And this reflects the
pandemic-related disruptions we experienced in certain geographies offset by increased investments by
our customers in support of higher bandwidth demand.

Now turning to our outlook for the future. While our performance in the third quarter was very strong,
there still remains significant uncertainties in the global market related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which
does appear to be worsening in some regions of the world.

Assuming no new material disruptions from the pandemic as well as constant exchange rates, for the
fourth quarter, we expect sales in the range of $2.160 billion to $2.200 billion and adjusted diluted EPS in
the range of $0.98 to $1. This represents both sales and adjusted diluted EPS growth versus prior year of
flat to up 2%.

Our fourth quarter guidance also represents an expectation for full year sales of $8.333 billion to $8.373
billion and full year adjusted diluted EPS of $3.59 to $3.61. This outlook represents sales growth versus
prior year of 1% to 2% and an adjusted diluted EPS decline of 3% to 4%. The expected decline in our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

earnings relates directly to the significant costs and disruptions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic
that the company faced particularly during the first half of 2020.

Now let me just say that I'm extremely pleased by Amphenol's performance in the third quarter, especially
our team's achievement of these new quarterly records in both sales and earnings. Most importantly,
I remain very confident in the ability of our outstanding management team to adapt to the continued
challenges in the marketplace and to capitalize on the many future opportunities to grow our market
position and expand our profitability.

I just want to assure you that our entire organization remains committed to fighting hard to secure the
company's financial performance, all while dedicating ourselves wholeheartedly to protecting the safety
and health of each of our employees around the world. And as a final note, I would just like to take this
opportunity here today to thank every one of our Amphenolians around the world for their outstanding
efforts here in the third quarter.
And with that, operator, we'd be very happy to take any questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Amit Daryanani from Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on the strong execution here, guys. I guess my question is really when I look at the strength
we saw in September quarter, I think it was one of the largest beats we've seen out of you guys in a few
years. I guess, Adam, could you just touch upon what surprised you and drove the upside versus 90 days
ago? Was it just better end demand? Or did you see inventory build happening at customers? Or perhaps
there's more allocation shift that came your way since competition couldn't execute? But it would be
helpful to get some context on what drove this impressive 10%, 11% growth? And sort of how would you
characterize that? Because the question I keep getting asked is why aren't we seeing a follow-through of
this growth in the December quarter guide?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, thank you very much, Amit. Look, I think you listed a few factors, and I think there's a little
bit of each of them in the third quarter, with maybe the exception that I can't tell you that we saw any
inventory build of significance or that we had at least visibility to in the quarter. But no question, in several
of our markets, demand was much stronger than we had anticipated.

I think we outperformed maybe some of our peers in certain of those areas where we were able to
capitalize on the demand in a faster fashion. So you take the example of mobile devices, where we came
into the quarter expecting a relatively modest sequential growth. And mobile devices is always a market
that's very hard to anticipate. But our team drove 37% sequential growth in mobile devices. And that
came both from volume demands from our customers, but also from the fact that there were instances
where our customers couldn't get everything they needed from other folks and they could get it from us.

And I think that's something that we've demonstrated in many years in the past. Our teams showed
outstanding agility in reacting to unexpected levels of demand. We clearly did not anticipate coming into
the quarter that we would have such significant sequential growth in automotive, and in fact, to have
grown on a year-over-year basis in automotive after that just very, very challenging second quarter that
we all saw was a real testament, again, to the agility of our team to satisfy what was unexpected levels of
demand.

But look, as you look at our guide for the fourth quarter, and I know, as you mentioned, Amit, why does
that -- what is going on with that guide, we do this as we always have done. We talk to our customers,
and this is a bottoms-up approach to how we forecast. There are certain markets where there were
real surges in demand earlier in the year, IT datacom, another example of that, where we've guided
IT datacom to be down in kind of the mid-teens in the fourth quarter, it was down a lot less than we
anticipated here in the third quarter. There was the real surge in demand for data bandwidth -- for
bandwidth upgrades and support of data traffic to support all of the work-from-home and study-from-
home requirements around the world related to the pandemic. And that's normally not a market that
would be down by so much in the fourth quarter, but it's also normally not a market that would have
grown so much in the second and third quarters.

So we've done our best here amidst this environment to take everything that our customers say. We add
that up to the outlook that we've given you and knowing full well that we are not out of the woods relative
to the pandemic. There is still a pandemic going on. It is, in fact, worsening in certain areas. And I think
our customers are sensitive to that, and our team is prepared if there's some further surprise, further
operational challenges that will come. But we think this is actually a very, very strong outlook relative to
the extraordinary strength that we saw here in the third quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Operator

Our next question is coming from Luke Junk from Baird.

Luke L. Junk
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

My question is on the auto business. And I'm just curious, in the wake of COVID, whether you're seeing a
shift in focus at your auto customers, given your engineering [indiscernible] relationships? Just wondering
if anything has shifted in terms of focus related to electrification, autonomous driving or similar as far as
you can see?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, thanks so much, Luke. Look, I think that, that shift towards new drivetrains, towards autonomous,
other new technologies that are going into the car, I mean we have continued to see that for many years.
I wouldn't necessarily say that we've seen an acute change in the trajectory of that evolution here in 2020
due to COVID.

I think what we saw in the third quarter was customers really scrambling to get back into their production
levels, end customers probably buying more cars than people anticipated. There seems to have developed
some degree of pent-up demand for automotive production. I have heard anecdotes about inventory
levels being low, that it's difficult to get a pickup truck in Michigan and things like this. And I'm sure, Luke,
you're closer to this market than we are, and you know very well some of those dynamics. But there's no
question that there's real demand from customers. And they continue to drive new programs that have
been in the pipeline.

But is the pandemic itself responsible for a kind of distinct shift? I wouldn't say that, that is. Now I would
also just add that our team around the world has done a fabulous job in positioning ourselves in these
new platforms, while we haven't forsaken the traditional drivetrains, the internal combustion engines and
otherwise. We continue to support our customers who are manufacturing these, which still represent the
vast majority of vehicles that are being produced around the world. But our team has done such a great
job on developing new products, expanding our relationship with customers really in all geographies such
that to the extent there is an acceleration of that shift, I think, Amphenol is well positioned to benefit from
it.

Operator

Next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congratulations on the very strong 3Q results. So want to better understand EBIT margin. I mean there
have been some constraints the company was facing, acquired companies that came in initially at lower
margins and some extra costs around COVID to have been weighing on margins earlier this year. But the
company had very strong EBIT margins in the third quarter.

So I want to better understand to what extent there are still headwinds that the company is trying to
contend with, clearly on an overall basis, was able to overcome those? But are there still any challenges
around integrating that new assets or COVID costs that are still a drag to EBIT margins?

And perhaps if you could talk about it with some perspective on how to think about that going forward.
And you mentioned there's still some increasing COVID cases. So anything we need to be thinking about
around COVID weighing on margins either in 4Q or potentially into next year?

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Great. Thanks, Mark. Thanks for the question. No, I mean, no doubt, we are really proud of our ability to
achieve these strong operating margins of 20.5% here in the third quarter, 250 basis point improvement
over Q2. We're already at 18%, and certainly, 80 basis points even over last year when COVID really
wasn't a thing. So we're certainly very proud of that.

I mean, as I did mention in my prepared remarks, we did have strong conversion on our higher kind of
sales levels that certainly had a benefit from a profitability perspective. But it also reflected sequentially
our expected reduction in COVID-related costs in the quarter. I mean we certainly still are experiencing
some turbulence in the business related to COVID and the cost that, that creates. But certainly, it is at a
much lower level than it was in the first and second quarter.

But there's no doubt there still is some costs that we are experiencing. The team is doing an outstanding
job of navigating that and minimizing that to the extent possible. But there are certainly also puts and
takes within the P&L. And as an example, there's other costs such as T&E, as an example, that does have
some offsetting impact at this lower level of COVID cost.

So what I would say is from a net impact in the third quarter, really the COVID related and kind of these
puts and takes I'm talking about, really didn't have a meaningful impact kind of in the third quarter on our
margins. So you mentioned acquisitions, any acquisition impact. I would say that although we continue to
spend time on that this year, certainly due to the pandemic, we haven't been able to make certainly the
progress we would hope to have made in this year related to some of the acquisitions we acquired in '19.
So I wouldn't say that really has had so much of an impact in the third quarter either. If you kind of look
year-over-year, it's really more of the leverage on the sales increase.

And going forward, I think that I would expect kind of our normal conversion on the upside and downside,
that 25%, 30% on the downside, which I think I would expect. And that assumes certainly that we don't
have this resurgence that of significance in the pandemic. Certainly, if we do have additional costs, we're
going to work hard to continue to mitigate those. But I'm certainly real proud of what the team has done
so far to do that, and we'll keep an eye on that in the future.

But again, real outstanding performance here in the quarter. The team has done a fantastic job of
navigating all these things that are happening in the world.

Operator

Next question is from Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

If we step back to pre-COVID at the beginning of the year, you had thought that you would do about $8.3
billion in revenue and $3.80 in EPS. Now you expect fairly similar revenue, EPS is about $0.20 lower for
the year. Is all the differential just incremental costs associated with COVID? And if so, should we expect
that next year, we should see faster EPS growth as your conversion margins now overcome the COVID
headwinds as you did in the third quarter?

And if I could, in the fourth quarter, mobile devices, Adam, you had mentioned in 3Q that you were
slightly down on smartphones; and laptops, tablets and variables drove the growth. I was wondering if
those similar comments also hold for the fourth quarter guidance?

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Wamsi. Yes, I would say that all that differential really is the COVID-related costs that we
incurred in the first half. And if you kind of look at the first half year-over-year, from an EPS versus --
perspective and kind of the conversion on those sales differentials, that really is all the COVID-related
costs. We talked about that in the last couple of quarters.

So yes, as we go into 2021, we're not giving guidance here, but certainly, we would expect, at least at
this point, based on at least our guidance for Q4, that those costs are -- would not be in there. But again,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

we talked about a minute ago about these potential resurgences throughout the world. So we'll give our
guidance in January. And certainly, we'll talk about what we expect there. But it is all COVID related. And
we're real happy to be kind of at those pre-COVID profitability levels here in the third quarter. And again,
proud of what the team has done thus far.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And Wamsi, just a short answer to your second question. I mean it's hard enough to forecast
mobile devices alone to forecast it based on the individual components of it. I wouldn't think anything is
categorically different in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. But we have, anyway, a hard time to
forecast it in general. So I wouldn't get too far out ahead of myself in saying which individual segments
are going to be strong in the fourth quarter.

Operator

Next question is from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Adam, I just wanted to kind of ask you on a more broad level, and I think you touched on this a
couple of times passingly, like how are customers responding to the risk of a second wave here on the
pandemic? And what are you baking in, in terms of your guidance for the fourth quarter related to that?
Because -- the reason I ask is we've seen a bit more volatility in the order trends this year? And what
in hindsight looks like you had a strong 1Q order trend moderating in 2Q, should we expect something
similar to repeat if we have a second wave in 3Q and 4Q of this year?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks so much, Samik. Look, I don't know that anybody is handicapping in their production plans
what a second wave will be, what the magnitude of a second wave can be, and more importantly, what are
the consumer reactions to that and what are the governmental reactions to whatever second wave will be.
We certainly are not trying to guess, across all those variables, what that can be.

But as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, we're very sensitive to the fact that there may be further
disruptions. And thus, it's not about preparing yourself by saying, well, I'm going to add inventory,
subtract inventory or otherwise. It's making sure that your entire organization is on their toes, is
remaining nimble, agile, reactive and prepared physically, psychologically for whatever may come our way.
And I think that's where the Amphenol team has really excelled this year.

It's not that we guessed which way the trajectory of the pandemic was going to come, and thus, we were
able to achieve these results. It's that we were ready regardless of how it came. And I think the third
quarter is just a wonderful indication of that. We didn't come into the quarter anticipating, for example,
that mobile devices would grow 37% sequentially or anticipating that automotive would grow 78%
sequentially or that our military business would be up 30%. But we were ready in case it were to happen,
because our team was able to flex.

So what do our customers -- how are customers integrating a second wave into their expectations? I
actually don't know. Maybe some are, maybe some are not. But how we approach this is we take what our
customers tell us, and then we're ready regardless. Are we going to be right at the numbers that we have
guided here? Hard to say. That's the best that we can tell right now. But this -- if this year has taught us
anything, it's to expect the unexpected and to be ready regardless of what comes our way.

And I think that's what the Amphenol team -- where we sit today here in the third week of October, we're
ready for whatever comes along. We continue to prioritize the health of our people. That's been number
one, by the way, throughout this. That's what's enabled us to support our customers. That's what's
allowed us to then drive these strong results. And we're going to continue to do that. And if more demand
comes, we'll satisfy it. And if less demand comes, we'll react to that as well.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Operator

Next question is from Nik Todorov from Longbow Research.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Congrats on the results as well. Just wanted to go back to the mobile markets. And I just wanted to see,
or reference a comment, Adam, I think you made last quarter that you guys are poised to capture any
incremental opportunities in 2020. So what I'm hearing from you is that you're not necessarily seeing
any contribution towards this year, low double-digit growth from the mobile, from the smartphone space
specifically. I just wonder if anything changed there as we go into the fourth quarter? And we know that
some of the builds have been delayed, has anything changed in your position or your view and specifically
the smartphones market and how you play in that role?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, look, I think what I've always said, and I said that last quarter, and I think I probably said it
again here this quarter, is this is a hard market to forecast. And to the extent that demand is higher than
we anticipate, we're very much -- our team is very much poised to capitalize upon that. And that's exactly
what we did here in the third quarter. And while it's true that on a year-over-year basis, our growth came
not from necessarily smartphones, but rather from things like laptops and tablets and wearables and
otherwise. In the fourth quarter, it may very well be a different situation, we'll see as it comes.

We did grow sequentially across all of those products, including strong double-digit sequential growth in
our sales of products that go into smartphones. And so our team is, for sure, capitalizing on whatever
incremental demand there may be in smartphones. And when we talk about the incremental performance
that we had in this quarter, again, growing 37% sequentially instead of just a modest growth, some of
that upside was, in fact, coming also from smartphones, even if that didn't represent growth on a year-
over-year basis.

Operator

Our next question is from Jim Suva from Citigroup Investment Research.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Good job at really adjusting to a dynamic world. The question I had was -- a little unique question I
haven't asked before or focused on it much because it hasn't changed much, and that was the book-to-
bill. Normally, this quarter has been above one -- normally, the company has seen an above one book-
to-bill. Obviously, you had -- you crushed your expectations in a positive way for revenues and EPS this
quarter. Some of that play into the book-to-bill? Or why would we see a book-to-bill given your results?
And also the outlook, which were stronger than expected? I'm just trying to triangulate around that, like
is there inventory restocking going on that maybe you don't feel comfortable is going to continue? Or I'm
just trying to triangulate the book-to-bill versus your strong results and outlook and all the commentary.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Jim. Well, look, 1 thing I would just say about the book-to-bill. I mean 0.98:1 is pretty close
to 1. On a year-to-date basis, if you include our very strong book-to-bill that we had in the first quarter,
our book-to-bill year-to-date is 1.04:1, which is very, very strong compared to maybe other years.

But look, look, does that -- what does that mean for the fourth quarter? I think we've already talked about
what the -- how we've gone about coming up with our fourth quarter guidance. I think these are strong
bookings. They far exceeded what we thought coming into the quarter. And the fact that the book-to-
bill is a little bit below 1 is, I think, just a reflection that some customers placed upon us much stronger
orders earlier in the year. And there are some markets where the lead times are a little bit longer, places

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

like military, for example, where we have very substantial order books that we're shipping out of, but I
wouldn't read anything abnormal into that.

I think last year, in the third quarter, our book-to-bill was kind of 1:1. So considering that this is a year
where very little is normal. Actually, I'd say 0.98:1 book-to-bill is pretty normal compared to last year,
when all is said and done.

And again, we shipped so strongly in the quarter. And so the fact that we were able to execute on the
backlog that we had, had we not executed on that, we'd be talking about a positive book-to-bill. And so I
think these were very strong bookings, but those shipments were even stronger.

Operator

Our next question is from Matt Sheerin from Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

My question is on the defense and aerospace markets. On the military side, you talked about seeing a
return to growth, but it sounds like there's still some COVID-related constraints there. So we'd love some
commentary there. And on the Aerospace segment, where you're guiding down again, are you getting a
sense at all that we're at a bottom there or any signs of stabilization?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, thanks very much, Matt. Look, I think on the military side, we clearly had a lot of constraints in the
second quarter, and that was reflected in our performance in the second quarter. We have to go back a
little bit. And understand, we've been dealing with a very, very robust military market. You'll recall, 2019,
we grew 23% in military, which is really substantial in that market. And in that 23% in military required us
to step up quite significantly our capacity expansions in support of this very, very strong levels of demand.

And so as we came into COVID, there was still strong demand, but then we lost a lot of production in
the second quarter because of the various shutdowns in places like the U.S., in places like Mexico, places
like India and otherwise in Europe as well. And getting that back so rapidly is not as easy in the military
market when we were already running at very high levels of capacity.

Now I can tell you this, we are supporting our customers in an outstanding fashion. We have not
disappointed, we have not let down customers, we're not creating any problems for our customers. But
overall, we are running here, again, in the third quarter at a very high level of production relative to
capacity, and there's still significant demand that is out there.

So when does that return to growth? I think our outlook for the full year to be in the kind of low single
digits is a reflection of strong performance where there's one quarter where we really lost a fair bit of
production in that quarter.

Now relative to commercial air, I don't -- I can't be the one to call a "bottom here." We came into this
quarter thinking that our sales would sequentially be down. In fact, they were not. We were up a little bit
sequentially. But what we hear from our customers for the fourth quarter is clearly that it will be down,
and that's why I talked about an outlook of being down about 20%.

We'll see how the year comes. It's a very difficult time period. I would -- [ way is ] to call it an
unprecedented disruption in demand in that market, because this is demand that is disrupted, not just
because of production problems, but the end customers are just not using the product right now. And you
just look at any area of the travel industry, and you do not have demand. And how that ultimately filters
through to the aircraft unit demand going forward? I think it's too early to tell, regardless, our team will be
ready.

We continue to support our customers around the world. And ultimately, one day, there will be a recovery
in this demand, and our team will be well positioned to take care of it. Until such time, you can bet that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

everybody working in Commercial Air at Amphenol is doing what they have to do to deal with lower
volumes, cutting costs, reallocating resources, rededicating technologies to other markets, all the sort of
standard playbook of an Amphenol entrepreneurial general manager and they're doing that in space right
now.

Operator

Our next question is from Joseph Spak from RBC Capital Markets.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I wanted to dive a little bit deeper into high-voltage connectors for electric vehicles. Because clearly, you
mentioned that's a tailwind for you and we're now seeing more programs coming to market and even
more being quoted. So now that you have a little bit more experience here. Can you break down what the
source of that tailwind is, and is it the number of connectors going up? Or is it a -- is it the same number
of connectors, but a higher dollar content? Or is it both? Or any additional color you can provide on that,
now that we're deeper into the electrification move would be helpful.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, thanks very much, Joe. Look, I think we've talked about it, and I know many others have
talked about the fact that the interconnect architecture and electric vehicle is very, very different from
that, which is in a typical internal combustion engine vehicle. And that starts with the reality that you're
moving power around the car at very high voltage. And that requires a degree of technology in the
interconnect that is just very different than what one saw in traditional cars.

And when you have a more complex technology, when you have a technology that carries with it, more
risk that it has to be a good connector. Of course, that's going to have an implication that that product
should have, all things being equal, more value to it.

Now, is every electric car design the same? No. Is every hybrid car design the same? No. Is every internal
combustion engine car designed the same? For sure not. And so you can't say a specific model is going
to have x more content than another specific model. But all things being equal, the interconnect system
inside an EV car can have more value. Is that because there's more connectors? Well, there's certainly
more high-voltage connectors. And those high-voltage connectors, again, in general, should have greater
technology embedded in them than a typically low voltage connector or cable assembly that goes into a
car. So I think that, that's pretty straightforward, actually, dynamic.

Now the real rubber meets the road, so to speak, in are you working with the breadth of customers? Do
you have the right technology? Do you have that proven track record in high-voltage products? Maybe
not in cars, for example, in industrial and military, like we do. And do you have the relationships with
customers where you can promote those products to those customers?

I think there, our team has done a really good job of that. And they've done a good job really in all the
regions to make sure that customers understand that great legacy that Amphenol has in high-voltage
products outside of the automotive industry, coupled with our ability to service the automotive industry,
which has its unique requirements in terms of fulfilling the demands of customers. So I think it's a very
positive for the long-term for the company. And I think we've been taking good advantage of that also
here in the relatively shorter term.

Operator

Next question is from Chris Snyder from UBS.

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Can you unpack the auto segment a bit? You reported sales up nearly 80% sequentially. And while auto
production is recovering quite sharply, it seems like you guys outperformed production by a pretty wide
margin during the quarter. So was this outgrowth the reflection of maybe low OEM component inventories
at the start of the quarter, share gains from Amphenol or maybe potential inventory building by the OEMs
during the quarter as there could be concerns of another COVID supply chain disruption as we head into
the winter?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks so much. Look, I don't know about the inventory that you mentioned. It doesn't appear to
me that there's a massive amount of inventory being built. Was there low dealer inventory coming into
the quarter? For sure. And is that driving automakers to try to ramp up their production levels? I think
that's very, very clear. Did our team do a great job to react to the demand that was put upon us by our
customers, I think they did.

But look, I think it's a little too early to say what the overall market is going to be here. I don't pay much
head to the various consultant reports that are put out there. I think we'll see it when we see it, what
the overall demand is. But this is an industry that really just shut down almost for a quarter, at least
for a month or 2 in that quarter. And restarting into an environment where there seems to be some end
demand for cars. People want to have cars and trucks and SUVs and all of those things. And so I think
it's natural that there's a desire to quickly ramp back up. And how much of our gain came because of
end volumes? How much came because of share gains? How much came because of readjusting to more
normalized inventory levels? It's hard for us to know what the various components of that would be.

Operator

Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Adam, could you discuss just the M&A environment? I mean, certainly, this year, there's been a lot of
external factors, for Amphenol of [ targets ] to navigate around it as well as internally. So just how are
you seeing things today? And as business does start to kind of stabilize a bit, does that change in terms of
what could be actionable from an M&A perspective?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks very much, Craig. I think we've talked about this during the more acute phases of the
pandemic. And what for us has been a real advantage is, we view M&A as a very long-term process
of developing and incubating relationships, keeping in touch, developing a sense of mutual trust and
awareness with companies that we would be interested one day in inviting into the Amphenol family. And
because of that, we've been able to do that even with the social distancing and the inability to travel. And
so our pipeline remains very strong. The relationships with the companies that we've been developing for
a long time remain very robust and current.

But at the same time, I think if you're an entrepreneur and you are -- you may think twice about
selling in an environment like this because there is still a lot of uncertainty. And so the fact that we've
completed this year, just 2 acquisitions. They're both relatively small. Last year, you know we completed 9
acquisitions. It's not surprising, given that we're in a kind of once in a lifetime pandemic right now.

I fully believe that as the world normalizes, whatever normal shall be, that our acquisition program
will remain a really strong value creator for the company. And the fact of our performance during the
pandemic, the resilience of Amphenol, our ability to capitalize on opportunities to manage through this
pandemic in a way that we have becomes only a great asset in those discussions that we continue to have
with potential acquisition targets, and makes Amphenol incrementally a more attractive home for these

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

companies, for their organizations. And so long term, I actually think this might turn to a positive in terms
of the wherewithal that we have to ultimately complete these acquisitions.

Now when are we going to close on the next acquisition? You know well, I'm woefully unable to predict
that. There's so many factors that go into when somebody ultimately signs on the dotted line. But I'm
confident that over the long term, this will be a real great part of how Amphenol grows.

Over the long term, acquisitions have represented roughly 1/3 of our growth, and we see no reason to
think that, that should change going forward.

Operator

Our next question is from Shawn Harrison from Loop Capital.

Shawn Matthew Harrison
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Clarification, if I may, and then just a question on kind of the bookings linearity. Does the guidance reflect
any kind of incremental entity list headwinds for Amphenol? And then on the bookings linearity, if you
could just kind of talk about the upside you saw. Was this something where it's spiked mid-quarter, end
of quarter then tailed off into October? Or just kind of how linear the quarter was after you guys initially
guided during July?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, look, relative to the entity list, I think, as we said a year ago, it's not that like on one day,
May '19, everything shut off. And so there's a process of this that, over time, the impact can grow a little
bit, and I think we continue to see that.

Relative to the linearity of the quarter, look, I think it shouldn't come as a terrible surprise that as we
got farther from the acute phase of the pandemic, which was really in the second quarter that there was
some strengthening over the course of the quarter. And typically, in the third quarter, September would
be a really strong month. And I think this year was not different from other years in the respect that the
quarter finished a bit stronger than it started.

Operator

Our next question is from Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo.

Deepa Bhargavi Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My question is on buyback. It looks like some of the deal potential, Adam, based on your comments, it
looks like some of the deal potential is being pushed out, which then clearly leaves some room for further
buybacks to happen, perhaps even above trend. Can you comment on that?

Plus, Craig, you mentioned there's -- the majority of is $1.5 billion in cash is held outside the U.S. Can you
help us understand how much is in the U.S.? And how that can influence share buybacks -- share buyback
potential? And also, if you don't mind, please comment on how much cash you need for operations?

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Deepa. I would -- just to the point of the cash that sit outside of the U.S. and how that
impacts our buybacks. I would say it really doesn't have any impact on what buybacks we do. We have
plenty of liquidity in the U.S. outside of the U.S. So it really has no impact on our buyback rhythm.

In terms of the amount of cash we have and whether or not [ aimed at ] doing less M&A or more M&A,
has an impact on our buybacks. I mean, honestly, I would say that we have a pretty strong balance sheet,
a very strong balance sheet. We've had a very strong balance sheet for a long time. I would say that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

regardless of the M&A that we've had over a period of time, we've been able to have a pretty balanced
capital deployment rhythm in regards to our share -- I mean return of capital to shareholders and our
M&A. We always say that we prefer to do M&A to the extent possible.

But the reality is, is that we're able to typically do all of the 3 because of such a strong balance sheet,
the amount of cash flow we generate, we've generated almost $1 billion of free cash flow this year. So
I wouldn't say that doing less M&A is necessarily going to have us accelerate our buyback. We've done
$1.6 billion out of the $2 billion under our buyback program. So we're well on track to finish our buyback
program in the allotted time, which certainly we're on pace for. So I wouldn't necessarily say that we
would per se, accelerate that.

M&A will continue to be a significant part of our strategy. As Adam just mentioned, the timing is certainly
unpredictable. And -- but there's no doubt that we have a great pipeline, and we have certainly the capital
to fund it.

Operator

Our next question is from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Adam, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the industrial market guidance that you
gave. Understand the conservatism, but the strength in Q3 was really good. I think it was better than you
thought, and it was so broad. Why the slight decline is in terms of expectations for Q4?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Thanks so much, Steve. I mean, look, no doubt about it, third quarter for our industrial market was
really strong. And it came on the heels of a second quarter that also surpassed our expectations. And you
remember in the second quarter, the real driver was the strength in medical. And this quarter, it was more
broad, including medical, but not only including medical. And so it was really quite a bit outperforming. We
anticipated. We came into the third quarter, anticipating that sales would actually be a little bit down on a
sequential basis. And in fact, they grew by 11%. So it's a very, very strong outperformance.

And as we look into the fourth quarter, in the fourth quarter, traditionally, there can be some seasonal
moderation in the industrial market in certain years, together with the fact that we had this very, very
strong surge in demand, in particular, related to medical in the second and third quarters. I think that
it's very natural that there would be a slight easing of that into the fourth quarter. But all that being said,
even with this outlook in the fourth quarter, on a year-over-year basis, we would expect to be growing in
a pretty strong fashion in the fourth quarter. And then our full year outlook still to grow in the low double
digits is a very, very strong outlook for a year where you had a global pandemic, which did have certain
impacts on the overall industrial market.

And it's a credit to our team, to really quickly redeploy our resources on interconnect products, value-add
interconnect and sensors to those areas of the industrial market where there was indeed strength this
year. It's interesting. I look in the third quarter, we service, I don't know, it's like a dozen or so different
end segments of the industrial market. And I talked about the ones that were up, but we had also some
that were down.

I mean you can imagine that a segment like an oil and gas was not very strong here in the third quarter.
We had other areas that were also not very strong in the third quarter, but those were more than offset
by the really excellent demand that we saw in the segments that I already discussed. So I think it's a very
favorable outlook actually for the fourth quarter and for the full year. And we're just really pleased with
how our team working in the industrial market has capitalized on the breadth of opportunities, some of
which were really unexpected as we came into 2020.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Our next question is from William Stein from Truist Securities.

William Stein
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I'm hoping we can address the mobile networks end market. We normally think of Amphenol as a
company that finds growth even when the end markets aren't exhibiting it. This is an end market that's
gone through some changes in the last couple of years with the rollout of 5G. Last year, there was a pretty
big rollout this year, there was as well. And yet we're seeing last year, revenue was flat in this end market.
This year, we're looking at down double digits.

Is there something that's preventing the company from exhibiting its sort of normal pattern of finding
growth even if it's -- even if end markets aren't cooperating, either a change in who you can and can't sell
to? Or a change in technology that works against you in some way? Thanks for any update in this -- within
this area.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Thanks so much, Will. Look, I think the easiest explanation and the simplest thing here is, if you look at
this year and last year, what has been the biggest change that has impacted us, and we've talked about
it, are, in fact, that there are some customers that we traditionally sold to who, this year, we're selling less
to and even into the latter part of last year, we're selling less to. And this is related to the Department of
Commerce restrictions on the certain entities in China that we've talked about. I think that's the biggest
story here.

Now on an overall basis, is capital spending with our operator customers, for example, going up or going
down? It remains to be seen for the year. But I think there's one thing, which is that as we got into the
pandemic, there was a rush to expand bandwidth. And I think in certain respects that rush to expand
bandwidth came at the expense of the capacity and coverage that oftentimes is a bigger driver of just the
end nodes of the mobile network investment, which can drive our mobile networks business.

And so when you look at the growth that we've had in IT datacom, for example, some of that growth
is coming ultimately from customers who also manage and build wireless networks in support of the
bandwidth of their core networks. Because people are working from home, they're studying from home.
They're soaking up bandwidth that maybe was not expected, for sure, it was not expected.

And so I think that there's some of that dynamic. But the biggest and probably the most simple
explanation to what you've described is, in fact, those department of commerce restrictions. And as we
head into next year, I think that our team remains very confident in our position with customers around
the world. We have strong position on next-generation equipment. And we'll see how it goes. And we'll
try to give a good assessment of this market as we come into 2021. But no doubt, I mean, this has been
a little bit more of a challenging market for us here and this year because of those factors that we've
discussed.

Operator

Our next question is from David Kelley from Jefferies.

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Maybe just stepping back from the end market-specific discussions. I was curious if you could sort of talk
about just broadly what you're seeing as it relates to demand and order patterns in China? Are we fully
back at, let's call it, pre-COVID levels across your exposures in the region today?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Yes. It's a great question. I would say that our performance in Asia in general and China being the largest
factor for us in Asia and for most in Asia, was really outstanding in the third quarter on a year-over-year
basis. And so I would say, back to pre-COVID and beyond, in terms of the demand levels that we've seen.
And I think that's true in the industrial market. I think that's true in the automotive market. I think that's
true in the communications market. All with the caveat related to the question that Will just asked relative
to mobile networks and the restricted entities list. But beyond that, I would say that we've seen just great
demand.

And it is amazing, Craig and I, we have a lot of calls, and now we do Zoom calls or Teams or Google
Meetings or all of these different video calls with our customers or with our team. And you do that with
people in China now, and they're all sitting around the conference room together, and nobody is wearing
masks because the virus is essentially not there. It is being kind of stopped at the border through a very
rigorous approach to quarantining and testing.

And so I think that, that has allowed, in particular, China, to kind of get back to normal. People are going
to movies. People are going to grocery stores. People are buying cars. People are riding on planes and
trains and all of this. And we see that on our computer screens. And I would be lying if I said I didn't have
a little bit of -- a little bit of jealousy to watch a group of 10 people sitting around the conference room
table like we used to be here. But that will come here, again, we'll get there in other parts of the world as
well.

But it started earlier in China. We are actually 2 days from now, we'll be exactly 9 months since Wuhan
was shut down. How time does fly here in 2020. And we all know how tough that was in China in the first
quarter, shutting everything down, every one of our 50 factories, every one of our then 35,000 people
stuck at home for 3 weeks. The rigor with which the reopening happened. And we talked back in the --
at the end of the first quarter and the second quarter, how proud we were of the speed with which our
team was able to implement measures to protect people and thereby secure a more rapid reopening of our
operations.

And I think now, here we are 9 months later, and things are relatively back to normal in China, and that
includes the demand environment, and I'm very proud of our team working in China, all of whom are
local. And that's one thing I just want to emphasize, once again. How we participate in every market
where we work around the world is with local organizations, people who are from that country to whom we
give full authority, we cede to them the entrepreneurial authority to make appropriate decisions for their
business on a day-to-day basis.

That becomes even more critical in a year like this, where we cannot fly in and out of China. We can't
go hold people's hands. We have to sort of talk to them on video calls, communicate with them as best
that we can, but then have confidence that they're making the right decisions to capitalize on whatever
opportunities are there in the market. And here's where the unique structure of Amphenol, I think,
has shown its extraordinary agility and strength. That in that place where the world has become more
normal, we have an extraordinary team of dedicated individuals who can make decisions on the ground
to capitalize on success and to deal with challenges. And that is, in its essence, one of the key values and
really the pillars of why Amphenol has been successful for many, many decades.

Operator

And our last question rather for today is from Joe Giordano from Cowen.

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I sense, it's even easier, most of what I wanted to ask is got [ picked ] over here, but I'm curious, Adam,
understanding the nature of your military business and why the shift towards tactical? And why you guys
are able to kind of grow so much faster than budgets? How does that thought process change? Or does it
not change? And how do you think about the sizing of your business potentially out a couple of years in a
different administration?

Richard Adam Norwitt

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, look, I think the -- our strength in military at its root comes from 2 things: Number one, it
comes from the fact that we have the deepest and broadest array of technologies in the industry. There's
no doubt about it. I mean, we're the leader in this industry. We have been in this industry for 100 years,
us or our predecessor companies. And that strength that we have across all product technologies is so
critical.

But the second piece of it is our ability to execute and I talked about that earlier. The fact that last year,
we were able to execute on a really almost unprecedented increase in demand, 23% sales growth last
year, that we were able to continue to support our customers even with all of the disruptions that we saw
in the second quarter.

And as we look at the broader military market, the defense market, I think, you alluded to a shift to
tactical. I would actually say a shift from tactical. Because I've talked about this for quite a while now that
the militaries of the world and whether that's in our country or in the allies of the U.S. and other countries,
there was for many years a focus on this kind of Whac-A-Mole of catching stateless actors.

And that was a very tactical move, which didn't require necessarily significant investments in military
technology. That, I think, has changed quite significantly, and we've seen that change happening slowly.
And maybe one could even say that this year, that change has even a little bit accelerated. Where the real
concern for militaries, those that we work with, has become a much more strategic concern.

And at the end of the day, strategic military tension leads to the adoption of technology. You're not dealing
with trying to hunt down a terrorist needle in a haystack. Rather, you're trying to create defense systems,
aggressive systems, whatever those may be, to do battle with very formidable and known adversaries.
And I think in that case, the real asset that the military takes advantage of is technology. And so -- look,
I'm not going to prognosticate about what elections are going to matter in which countries and how that's
going to ultimately directly or indirectly affect military budgets.

But what is for sure is that the geopolitical world that we're in today is a different one than we were in
5 years ago and certainly 10 years ago. And it's one that I believe is more reliant, disproportionately
on the innovations of our military customers and thereby, our ability to enable those innovations with
next-generation technologies. So regardless of what election results come, I actually feel good about the
prospects for our business in the military market because of our unique position there. And we'll see.
We are reactive. We're agile in that market, and we'll deal with whatever comes our way. But I think the
geopolitics of the moment and -- which have been building actually create a more favorable environment.

Very good. Well, Joe, thank you for your last question, and I would like to just take this opportunity to
thank everybody for your time and your attention to Amphenol today. And most importantly, since we
won't get a chance to talk to most of you until 2021, unbelievably. I do want to wish everybody that you
should stay safe and continue to stay vigilant, as we come into the fall. We need you all healthy. And
I wish you, your family, your friends and your communities, all the best as we come into the fall and
winter season. And we look forward to speaking to all of you again in the new year. Thanks so much to
everybody.

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you.

Operator
Thank you, speakers. And thank you all for attending today's conference, and have a nice day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

