Amphenol Corporation NYSE:APH
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 22, 2020 5:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.74

0.71

(4.05 %)

0.67

3.15

3.78

Revenue  (mm)

1832.82

1862.00

1.59

1745.68

7481.91

8281.80

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-22-2020 2:38 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.93

0.87

0.91

0.74

0.92

0.95

0.98

0.71

(1.08 %)

9.20 %

7.69 %

(4.05 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Deepa Bhargavi
Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shawn Matthew Harrison
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Jim Suva
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

William Stein
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to the first quarter earnings conference call for Amphenol Corporation. Following
today's presentation, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At the
request of the company, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may
disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce today's conference host, Mr. Craig Lampo. Sir, you
may begin.

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Craig Lampo, Amphenol's CFO. And I'm here with
Adam Norwitt, our CEO. We would like to welcome you to our first quarter 2020 conference call.

As a reminder, during the call, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures and may make
certain forward-looking statements. So please refer to the relevant disclosures in our press release for
further information. But before I review the financial performance for the quarter, Adam would like to say
a few words.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, thank you very much, Craig. And first and foremost, I wanted to express my hope to everybody
that's here on the phone today that you, your family, your friends and your colleagues are all staying safe
and healthy amidst the current COVID-19 crisis.

As Craig just mentioned, I'm going to comment on the current environment. I'll discuss also some of
our highlights in the first quarter. I'll then turn it over to Craig to provide further detail on our financial
performance. And then finally, I'll come back to me to discuss the trends and progress across our served
markets, and I'll make a few comments about the future.

No question that we're living in truly unprecedented times, as the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted all
of us around the world in really extraordinary ways. Here at Amphenol, our first priority from the earliest
days has been to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our employer, our suppliers, our customers and
the many communities in which we operate around the world. And I'm sure that this pandemic has also
personally impacted many of you on the phone here today, just like it has really everyone around the
world.

Our company began to see the impact from the outbreak at the time of the government restrictions
that were imposed by China, starting with the shutdown of Wuhan on January 23. While we don't have
any facilities in Wuhan, our team successfully navigated an unprecedented 3-week shutdown of our 50
manufacturing operations in China. And I just wanted to mention here how truly proud I am of our entire
China team who were able to return to full production levels by the beginning of March, substantially
earlier than we had originally expected.

As the COVID-19 virus has continued to spread around the world, Amphenol's entire global team has
been focused on executing amidst very challenging market conditions and quickly evolving government
measures to control the pandemic, all while clearly prioritizing the safety and the health of our more
than 75,000 employees around the world. To that end, we early on proactively instituted significant
measures to protect our employees, which has ultimately enabled us as a company to continue to operate
throughout this pandemic.

I'm truly proud of the Amphenol organization, who despite these unprecedented conditions has continued
to execute as Amphenolians always do, including by supporting our communities around the world when
they need us the most. We've donated hundreds of thousands of masks to local hospitals, reconditioned
machines to produce our own face mask, dedicated 3D printers to help make face shield, significantly

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

expanded our production of components used in ventilators and other critical equipment and ramped up
the capacity of our high speed and power products to support the expanded bandwidth needs around the
world.

And these are just a few of the many, many initiatives that have been taken by our more than 120
operations around the world. And I just wanted to take this opportunity to thank each and every one of
our Amphenol employees around the world for their dedication, resolve, agility and focus amidst these
most challenging and uncertain times.

Now turning to the first quarter. As I'm sure you all well know, due to the widespread disruption caused
by the COVID-19 pandemic, on February 24, we withdrew our first quarter guidance that had been issued
at the time of our January earnings release. Despite this, I'm very proud of the results that the company
ultimately achieved in this uniquely challenging quarter.

Our sales reached $1.862 billion, a reduction of 5% in U.S. dollars versus prior year and 9% organically.
And that was driven by lower sales in the mobile devices, mobile networks, IT datacom, automotive
and industrial markets. These declines largely related to the COVID-19 disruptions in China including, in
particular, the approximately 3-week shutdown of all of our manufacturing operations in that country. I'm
very pleased that the company booked $2.150 billion in orders in the first quarter, and that represented
a book-to-bill of 1.15:1, the highest level in the modern history of the corporation. And despite the
significant disruptions to our operations in the quarter, adjusted operating margins held up very well,
reaching 17%.

Amphenol's financial position is extremely strong, with operating cash flow of $384 million in the first
quarter, supporting the company's excellent liquidity, which included a substantial $2.4 billion in cash and
cash equivalents at quarter end. Craig will give more details on this in a few moments.

Just like to close by saying, I'm extremely proud of our team and that our performance this quarter, once
again, reflects the discipline and agility of our entrepreneurial organization as we continue to perform well
amidst the truly unprecedented challenges related to the COVID-19 crisis. And with that, I'll turn it over
to Craig to review our financial performance and then come back in a few moments to talk about our end
markets. Craig, please.

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks a lot, Adam. So as Adam just reviewed, the company closed the first quarter with sales of $1.862
million and with GAAP and adjusted diluted EPS of $0.79 and $0.71, respectively. Sales were down 5%
in U.S. dollars and 4% in local currencies compared to the first quarter of 2019. And from an organic
standpoint, excluding both acquisitions and currency impacts, sales in the first quarter decreased 9%.
Sequentially, sales were down 13% in U.S. dollars in local currency and organically.

Breaking down sales into our 2 segments. The interconnect business, which comprised 96% of our sales,
was down 5% in U.S. dollars and 4% in local currencies compared to last year. Our cable business, which
comprised 4% of our sales, was down 13% in U.S. dollars and 11% in local currencies compared to the
first quarter of last year. Adam will comment further on trends by market in a few minutes.

Operating income was $317 million for the first quarter of 2020. And operating margin was 17%, which
was down 310 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2019. Compared to the first -- the fourth
quarter of 2019, operating margin decreased 300 basis points. The reduction in operating margins
reflected a negative conversion rate higher than our typical 30% downside conversion. This elevated
conversion was primarily driven by the impact on the first quarter of the COVID-19 pandemic on
production and productivity, particularly due to the various government instructions that limit our ability to
adjust payroll costs.

From a segment standpoint, in the interconnect segment, margins were 19.1% in the first quarter of
2020, which was down compared to 22% for both the first and fourth quarters of 2019. In the cable
segment, margins were 7.6%, which is down compared to 11% in the first quarter of 2019; and 10% in
the fourth quarter of 2019.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Despite the year-over-year and sequential operating margin decline, we are proud of this quarter's
performance, given the unprecedented challenges created by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our team's ability
to minimize the negative margin impact with -- from this crisis is a direct result of the strength and
commitment of the company's entrepreneurial management team, which continues to foster a high-
performance action-oriented culture, and thereby maximize both growth and profitability in an uncertain
market environment.

Interest expense for the quarter was $29 million, which compared to $30 million in the first quarter of
last year. And the company's adjusted effective tax rate was 24.5% for both the first quarter of 2020 and
2019, respectively. The adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2020 excluded a discrete tax
benefit of $20 million due to refunds in certain non-U.S. tax jurisdictions and the resulting adjustment to
deferred taxes as well as an excess tax benefit of $5 million associated with stock option exercised during
the quarter. The adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2019 excludes the impact of acquisition-
related costs, partially offset by the impact of an excess tax benefit associated with stock option exercised
during the quarter.

The company's GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2020, including the items just mentioned,
was 15.9% compared to 22.8% in first quarter of 2019.

Adjusted net income was a strong 12% of sales in the first quarter of 2020, another confirmation of the
strength of the company's financial performance.

On a GAAP basis, diluted EPS declined by 9% in the first quarter to $0.79 compared to $0.87 in the first
quarter of 2019. Adjusted diluted EPS declined 20% to $0.71 in the first quarter of 2020 from $0.89 in the
first quarter of 2019.

As Adam mentioned, orders for the quarter were $2.150 billion, which is up 7% compared to the first
quarter of 2019, resulting in a record book-to-bill ratio of 1.15:1.

Despite the extremely challenging environment, the company continues to be an excellent generator of
cash. Cash flow from operations was $384 million in the first quarter or 177% of adjusted net income.
And net of capital spending of $61 million, our free cash flow was $323 million or 149% of adjusted net
income.

From a working capital standpoint, inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable were $1.3
billion, $1.5 billion and $817 million, respectively, at the end of March. And inventory days, days sales
outstanding and payable days were 92, 75 and 57 days, respectively. While DSO and DPO were both
within a normal range, DSI was slightly elevated due to the lower sales levels in the first quarter,
which were driven primarily by the extended shutdown of production in China as well as the production
challenges in other parts of the world. Due to the current crisis, we do expect inventory days to remain
somewhat elevated, while sales levels are depressed, but to come back down to normal levels as business
returns to a more typical pattern.

The COVID-19 pandemic created significant uncertainty -- significant economic uncertainty and volatility
in the credit and capital markets during the first quarter of 2020. As a result and as mentioned in our
earnings release, out of an abundance of caution, in late March, the company proactively borrowed $1.25
billion under our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility. In addition, due to the significant volatility in the
commercial paper market, the company decided to reduce its reliance on the public commercial paper
market. And as such, approximately half of the proceeds from the revolving credit facility is allocated to
repay amounts due under our commercial paper programs.

During the first quarter, our cash flow from operations of $384 million, along with net proceeds from
our various credit facilities of $1.36 billion, proceeds from our recently completed bond offering of $400
million and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $30 million were used primarily to repurchase
$257 million of the company's stock at an average of approximately $96, fund repayments under our
commercial paper programs of $250 million, fund dividend payments of $74 million, for a net capital
expenditures of $60 million, for an acquisition of $16 million and fund distributions to and purchases of
noncontrolling interest of $8 million.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

At March 31, cash and short-term investments were $2.4 billion, of which $1.4 billion was held in the
U.S. This elevated level of cash was driven by $400 million on hand from proceeds of the February bond
offering, which was subsequently used to fund the $400 million bond maturity due on April 1 and the
previously noted drawdown of our credit facilities in excess of our current or expected cash needs in order
to fund the decision to reduce our reliance on the commercial paper market and to provide a cash buffer
during this period of extreme market volatility.

At March 31, there was $1.36 billion outstanding under our credit facilities as well as $138 million of
outstanding commercial paper remaining that will come due in April and be repaid with cash on hand. As
a result, total debt at March 31 was $5.1 billion, and net debt at March 31 was $2.7 billion, which was
unchanged from the net debt level as of December 31, 2019. Total cash on hand as well as the remaining
availability under our credit facilities was $3.6 billion at the end of the quarter, which leaves the company
in a very strong liquidity position. The first quarter 2020 EBITDA was $403 million, and our pro forma net
leverage ratio was 1.4x.

In summary, although this was certainly a much more challenging quarter than we had anticipated coming
into the year, we finished the quarter in a position of real financial strength and with a very strong balance
sheet and liquidity position. We believe this financial strength, coupled with the company's broad market
and geographic diversity, positions us well for the current volatile environment, which is characterized by
moderating demand and continued uncertainty across global markets.

And with that, I will now turn it over to Adam, who will provide some commentary on current market
trends.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, thank you very much, Craig. Craig just mentioned the value that we see in the company's balanced
and broad end market diversification. And I can just tell you that, that value is even more clear in times
like we're living in today.

In the quarter, no single end market represented more than 21% of our sales. Such diversification
continues to mitigate the impact of the volatility of individual end markets and geographies while also
exposing us to leading technologies wherever they may arise across the electronics industry. And this is
just a great asset in a dynamic and unpredictable environment like we are experiencing today.

Now turning to our end markets. The military market represented 14% of our sales in the quarter. Sales
again grew very strongly from prior year, increasing by a bit less than expected 18% in the first quarter.
And this was driven by growth across virtually all segments of the military market, including, in particular,
helicopters, space, military vehicles and avionics applications. Sequentially, our sales decreased by 5%
from the fourth quarter.

Looking now into the second quarter, we expect sales to decrease from the first quarter levels as
certain of our facilities that support military customers are operating with reduced staffing as a result
of governmental restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Nevertheless, our team focused on
the military market has worked hard for many years to strengthen our position across the market while
increasing our capacity to serve customers really in all segments of the military market. The company's
continued strong performance is a great reflection of the results of those efforts. Given the ongoing
favorable military spending environment, our team continues to solidify our leadership position by
ensuring that we execute on the demand that we see in support of the many next-generation technologies
that are required for modern military hardware.

The commercial aerospace market represented 5% of our sales in the quarter, and our sales were down
slightly as production volumes declined and as overall demand from commercial aircraft manufacturers
began to experience the negative impact of the COVID-19 crisis late in the quarter. Sequentially, our
sales decreased by 10% from the fourth quarter, which was a bit more than we had expected coming
into the first quarter. There's little doubt that the commercial air market has been significantly impacted
by the rapid and unprecedented reduction in air travel around the world. Accordingly, we do expect a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

further reduction in sales as customer shutdowns and reduced demand for air travel impact overall aircraft
production volumes. Regardless of the difficult environment that we're seeing in the commercial air market
today, our team working in this market remains committed to leveraging the company's strong technology
position across a wide array of aircraft platforms and next-generation systems integrated into those
airplanes. And that positions us very well for the long term.

The industrial market represented 21% of our sales in the quarter. Sales in the industrial market declined
by approximately 3% as growth in medical, instrumentation, alternative energy and battery-related
applications, together with contributions from our acquisitions completed last year, were offset by declining
sales related to heavy equipment, rail mass transit, oil and gas as well as other segments. On a sequential
basis, sales in the industrial market were down more than we expected by about 4% from the fourth
quarter. And this reflected, in particular, the China COVID-19-related shutdown.

I'd like to take this opportunity to highlight just how proud we are of our team working in the medical
segment of our industrial market, who is ramping up our production of sensors, connectors and a
wide variety of interconnect assemblies in support of countless applications that are providing medical
treatment for COVID-19 patients.

Looking into the second quarter, we expect the industrial market to remain relatively stable as increases
in production in China are offset by lower sales in other geographies related to some of the restrictions
on production that we're now seeing. We remain very pleased with the company's broad position in the
worldwide industrial market. And through both our acquisition program as well as our organic innovations,
we have developed a very broad array of products across a diversified range of exciting segments within
this market. We're proud of the company's long-term success in the industrial market, and we look
forward to realizing the benefits from our efforts for many years to come.

The automotive market represented 19% of our sales in the quarter. Sales were weaker than we had
expected coming into the quarter due to both the China shutdowns in February as well as COVID-19-
related shutdowns by automotive customers in other parts of the world later in the quarter. Sales declined
by 8% in U.S. dollars and 6% in local currency. And sequentially, our automotive sales decreased by 13%.
As we look towards the second quarter, we do expect sales to further reduce as customer shutdowns
continue to impact demand and as a number of our automotive plants are restricted from full operations in
certain countries.

At this time, it's very difficult to predict the exact timing and nature of the automotive market recovery.
Nevertheless and regardless of this extremely challenging period for the automotive market, we're very
confident in our long-term position. When this crisis is behind us, we look forward to once again benefiting
from our long-term and consistent strategy of expanding our range of interconnect sensor and antenna
products, both organically and through acquisitions, which enable a wide array of onboard electronics
across a diversified range of vehicles made by auto manufacturers across the world.

The mobile devices market represented 10% of our sales in the quarter. Our sales to mobile device
customers were significantly impacted by the 3-week shutdown and subsequent month-long ramp-up of
production in China. Sales in the mobile devices market declined by 20% from prior year and by a greater-
than-expected 43% from the fourth quarter of 2019. Although the first quarter was very difficult for our
team working in the mobile devices market, I'm just so proud that they were able to fully recover our
production levels by early March. And as we look towards the second quarter, we do expect our sales to
mobile device customers to increase from these first quarter levels.

Regardless of the COVID-19-related disruption in the first quarter, our long-term position in the mobile
devices market remains very robust. Our leading array of antennas, interconnect and products and
mechanisms continues to enable a broad range of next-generation mobile devices. And while there's no
doubt that this market will always be one of our most volatile, our outstanding and agile team is poised as
always to capture any opportunity from our customers that arises in 2020 and into the future.

The mobile networks market represented 7% of our sales in the quarter. Sales decreased as expected
from prior year by 14% in U.S. dollars and 31% organically, as we were impacted by reduced demand
from wireless OEMs. As we discussed extensively last year, the U.S. government restrictions on sales

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

to certain Chinese entities ultimately resulted in many operator and OEM customers reassessing both
their build-out plans and inventory levels, leading to lower demand for our products. In addition, the
China shutdowns related to the COVID-19 crisis also impacted our sales in the first quarter in the mobile
networks market.

On a sequential basis, our sales actually increased 6% from the fourth quarter, and that was driven
by higher sales to mobile network service providers. Given the continued disruptions related to the
COVID-19 crisis as well as the ongoing U.S. government restrictions that I just discussed, we anticipate
sales in the second quarter to be similar to those levels that we realized in the first quarter. Regardless
of the continued challenges in the mobile networks market, we're confident in the company's long-term
position in this important and exciting industry. Our team continues to work aggressively to expand our
opportunities with next-generation equipment and networks. And as customers plan for these advanced
systems, we look forward to benefiting from the increased potential that comes from our unique position
with both equipment manufacturers and mobile service providers around the world.

I would just mention in addition that as we all know, global communication systems are being stretched
by the radical shift in work and education practices due to the COVID-19 crisis. These factors create a
significant long-term expansion potential for the company.

The information technology and data communications market represented 20% of our sales in the quarter.
Sales in the first quarter were weaker than expected due to the impact of the China shutdowns and the
subsequent ramp back up to full production. Sales declined by 4% in U.S. dollars and 10% organically
from prior year, as the contributions from the Charles Industries and XGiga acquisitions completed last
year, together with stronger sales of server related products, were offset by the impact of the production
shutdown in particular in China. Sequentially, our sales declined by 12% from the fourth quarter.

I would mention that we did see a significant uptick in orders in the first quarter from a wide array of
customers in the IT datacom market. We believe the surge in activity is related to our customers' efforts
and our customers' customers' efforts to increase bandwidth in support of new demands related to the
COVID-19 crisis. And this includes the increase in online video communications, streaming services and
gaming, among others. We're well positioned to support these initiatives due to our team's continued
effort at developing industry-leading products across a wide array of technologies, including, in particular,
high speed and power products.

And while we do expect sales to increase in the second quarter due to these strong orders, I would
mention that we continue to face production challenges in many geographies due to COVID-19-related
government restrictions. Nevertheless, we remain very encouraged by the company's strong technology
position in the global IT datacom market. Our customers around the world continue to drive their
equipment to ever higher levels of performance in order to manage the dramatic increases in demand
for bandwidth and processor power. In turn, our team remains singularly focused on enabling this
continuing revolution in IT datacom through their ongoing development of a wide range of next-generation
technologies.

The broadband market represented 4% of our sales in the quarter. Sales decreased by 10% from prior
year, as spending levels from broadband operators continued to moderate. On a sequential basis, sales
decreased by a greater-than-expected 11% from the fourth quarter. We expect sales in the second quarter
to increase as customers seek to quickly upgrade capacity in their networks to support the significant
increase in demand for bandwidth that I discussed earlier. Our team is working very hard amidst a number
of operational challenges to support these upgrades in capacity.

Now turning to our outlook. Given the significant uncertainty related to the COVID-19 crisis, we believe it's
prudent to withdraw our full year sales and EPS guidance at this time and will not be providing a specific
sales and EPS outlook for the coming quarter. With that said, we do expect sales and EPS in the second
quarter to be lower than our first quarter level. This expectation is related to weaker demand in certain
markets due to the overall economic environment as well as certain operational restrictions that we're
experiencing in several countries related to the government measures that have been implemented to
reduce the spread of COVID-19.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

In some cases, these restrictions have limited our ability to adjust our resources in line with the volume
declines we are experiencing, resulting in elevated costs in several of our businesses as we take actions
to comply with government mandates while also ensuring the safety and health of our employees.
Nevertheless, despite all these challenges, you can rest assured that the team of Amphenolians around
the world is fighting hard to secure the company's overall performance, all while dedicating ourselves to
protect the safety and health of our more than 75,000 employees around the world.

So now to summarize, while the first quarter of 2020 has been uniquely challenging, I come away
extremely proud of our team's performance. Amidst an unprecedented global pandemic, the Amphenol
organization continued to execute extraordinarily well. In fact, it is in times of crisis like we are all facing
today that the Amphenolian culture demonstrates its true value. The company's strong performance is
a direct reflection of our distinct and consistent competitive advantages: our leading technology, our
increasing position with customers in diverse markets, a worldwide presence, lean and flexible cost
structure, our highly effective acquisition program and our agile entrepreneurial management team.
And I would just like to take this final opportunity to recognize and thank the entire Amphenol
organization around the world for their focus on protecting our people and their communities, their
dedication to supporting our customers and their agility in the face of uncertainty, all of which helps
to create value for all of our stakeholders. And at this time, operator, we'd be very happy to take any
questions that there may be.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Amit Daryanani from Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I hope everyone at Amphenol and the family are safe and healthy as well. I'll just stick to one question.
Adam, do you think, structurally, anything is different today versus pre-COVID for Amphenol that would
prevent the company from getting back to this 20% operating margin or the incremental margins you
guys have talked about once things eventually normalize? And I guess, when I just think about the cost
optimization and things you have talked about, does that actually inherently lower the revenue run rate
you need to get to that 20% operating margin target?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Amit, look, structurally, we are not different than we have been either in good times or bad. And
you know it well, this is an organization in many respects that's purpose-built for a crisis like we see
today. The agility of and the flexibility of our organization in times of change has always been really the
hallmark of Amphenol's performance. And so for sure, this crisis is, in many ways, different from the prior
crisis, whether that was the tech collapse of 2001, the financial crisis of 2009, because this is also a crisis
where health of people is an issue. And so Craig mentioned, I think, very astutely that our conversion
margins going in the first quarter were higher negative conversion margins, because you're dealing with
the fact that you have governments shutting down certain production or limiting production. You also have
employees where we are taking steps to ensure the safety of our people. And some of those steps have,
at least for the time being, not the greatest effect on productivity or on efficiency and all those things that
you have grown to expect with us.

But no doubt about it, the structural capability of this company, the organizational, the cultural capability
of this company to achieve the margins that we achieved just 90 days ago in the fourth quarter, that
hasn't changed whatsoever. Now does something happen during this crisis that ultimately allows us to
do even better? Well, let's -- let time tell. But I will say that we are always striving for strong conversion
margins on the upside and moderating those conversion margins on the downside, even in an environment
like today, where there are very, very different dynamics.

Operator

Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Adam, can you maybe comment on the pace and cadence of new design activity? You mentioned
significant headwinds in mobile devices that you witnessed in the quarter, given that a lot of it is China-
centric. But given this disruption in travel and continued disruption, are you seeing or anticipating
resulting push-outs of product launches in mobile devices?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Thanks very much, Wamsi. And I -- look, I think without commenting on any specific programs, I would
tell you that our customers in all of our markets, and that includes mobile devices, I think there's an
adjustment period to this new way of working. We are all working, and I'm sure all of you on the phone
here today are working in a way that is very different than you had worked in the past, sitting in your
offices, meeting in conference rooms. And now we are all experts on video calls and working remotely and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

somehow trying to replicate the collaboration and the interaction that you can't really do in person, but
that you can seek to replicate through all these different tools that we're all using.

And as it relates to developing new products, launching new products, no doubt about it that customers
had to sort of adjust to this. But I will tell you, our teams who are working on new programs with
customers, and again, not just in mobile devices, but overall, the level of interaction with customers now
that everybody has kind of figured out the technology and figured out how to work in this way, I think
that, that level of interaction continues really unabated. And in many ways, I will tell you just personally,
my ability to interact with customers when I'm not flying $500 a year, it's amazing. I can visit so many
customers from just the comfort of my desk here with the TV screen and a camera. And that is -- and I
know that technology existed before, but we all liked to touch and feel and meet people in person and
shake hands.

And I think we've had to adapt very rapidly to this new environment. And I believe this new environment
actually creates wonderful opportunities, and we'll learn a lot from it. And again, specific to individual
launches, I think there were some sort of early adjustment periods that customers have. But by and large,
what we see is, to the extent that our customers have access to their manufacturing facilities, that they
can produce in full volume, that we still see an enormous amount of activity with customers around the
world.

Operator

The next question is from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Adam, just a question on the book-to-bill, which was very strong. I know there's particularly end markets
like comm and medical that are helping, but also kind of customers as they look to mitigate supply chain
concerns. And so just curious to get a little bit more context on how you feel like kind of the shape of
those bookings are and relative to kind of what the demand you're seeing is?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, thank you very much, Craig. I mean, let's go back a little bit. When we think about these
bookings, and they were very strong, I mean, the strongest book-to-bill in our history and one of the
strongest order quarters we've had. Craig mentioned up 7% year-over-year. Our original guidance for the
quarter would have had us, I think, at the high end around $2 billion. And we booked orders of $2.150
billion. So that would have been about 7%, 8%, which would have been a strong book-to-bill, no doubt
about it. So I think some element of the strong book-to-bill is just the production restrictions that we
had in the quarter. And there's another element of that book-to-bill, which is really increased demand in
certain areas and pretty sudden increase in demand, whether it's in the wide range of medical products
that our team is working on, whether that's in anything related to bandwidth and communications. And
I talked about that in my prepared remarks as well that we see actually sequential increase in sales in a
number of those areas.

Now the third category that you alluded to is, are customers placing orders to secure position and prevent
against supply chain risk, which could kind of otherwise get in line, there may be some of that, but I would
put that kind of in the distant third position of those 3 factors that I've just reviewed. We haven't seen
really things like double ordering or frantic kind of ordering just to kind of get a place in line. That's not
what we've seen. I think we have seen orders that we can't satisfy because of production requirements.
Obviously, when you book $2 billion more than -- or $2.150 billion and you ship $1.860 billion, there are
some orders that you booked that you couldn't get out because of some of the restrictions.

But I don't think this is customers really having that kind of panic buy because of shortages. I think the
orders are just a great reflection of the breadth of the importance that we play in the technologies of
our customers and the importance in turn of our customers in the things that matter right now today. I
mean, I will just say one thing, I mean, we have worked in the IT datacom market and mobile devices

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

market for so long, as you know, very well, Craig, and we have always done a phenomenal job of reacting
to our customers, reacting to their needs. And those devices, they were supporting so many different
applications from video, over the Internet, helping social media, all the various things that were driving
demand for things like mobile devices, things like IT datacom, I will tell you, our team today works with a
different purpose.

Because those systems that used to be for gaming and for video are now for educating kids. And without
those systems, my kids would not be going to school today. We would not be able to function as a
corporation. Hospitals would not be able to communicate with the families of the patients who they cannot
visit physically because of all of the restrictions. You heard wonderful stories about the use of tablet
computers to allow families to tragically meet their loved ones sometimes for the last time in these very,
very critical stories. And as I say, our team around the world feels a sense of purpose around this and
making sure that we can satisfy the requirements that our customers have. And we're fighting really hard
to do that. And so -- but the strong orders, I think they're more a reflection of the urgency of the purpose.
And our team is going to find a way, no matter what, to really support those customers.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt Sheerin of Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Adam, relative to the operational restrictions you're facing outside of China, can you give us an idea of
what your utilization or production levels are now? Where you're seeing the biggest issues? And relative to
that, are you expecting similar cost headwinds as you saw last quarter? Or is it too early to tell, given the
fluid situation?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks so much, Matt. I mean, look, the first quarter was largely about the sort of unprecedented,
very clear shutdown in China. Chinese New Year came, and it was on then February 10 when essentially
you were allowed to reopen, and by the way, reopen with a lot of challenges. Because the government
put forth a very, very detailed, very detailed requirements for you to reopen your factory, including things
like you had to have enough face masks for every employee to change their masks 3 times a day and you
had to have 14 days of stock. And they would come and audit, do you have enough face masks. So -- and
do you have enough disinfectant solution, temperature checking devices, all these things. A very rigorous
process to reopen.

I will say the rest of the world has not been necessarily as clear as what we saw in China, which is not
surprising. I mean every country does things their own way. And that is what it is, and it's not for us to
judge that, but rather to react to it. And so we operate, as you know, in close to 40 countries around the
world, and every country has a little bit of a different approach. And even here in the United States, where
we operate in a number of locations, we have very significant workforce in the U.S., every state has a little
bit of a different nuance to that, what are exempted businesses, what are essential businesses, and how is
that all defined.

And so our team around the world has been reacting to that -- to those restrictions, making sure that we
are -- when we are essential that we're able to operate, making sure that our employees are kept safe.
And fortunately, we learned a lot in China, a lot. And our Chinese team has been so helpful into all of our
other operations in making sure that we can stay open as much as the governments will allow us, as much
as they possibly will allow us by putting in place the appropriate protective measures for our employees.
And that's been a real critical aspect of staying open where we have been able to do so, which is, by the
way, the vast majority of places, is making sure that we can protect our employees and demonstrate to
our people first that it's a safe workplace; and second, demonstrate that to the local government who,
in most cases, come and audit and inspect that. If your people don't believe they're coming to a safe
workplace, they're not going to come. This is a scary, scary virus. And there's no doubt about it that you

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

need to make sure that the place of work is almost safer than the homes of our people. That's actually
our mantra inside of Amphenol, make the workplace safer than the home. And then the people will be
comfortable and justifiably comfortable in coming in.

Now ultimately, what does that mean? What is our utilization? I'm sorry to tell you, I can't tell you that.
You know we don't have a central computer system, and I just don't know exactly what the utilization is.
I can tell you that we have a number of facilities, but not an enormous number for -- who are operating
at lower than their capabilities. The number of facilities that are really not producing is relatively small.
The countries where these restrictions have been a little more rigorous, I would maybe point to a place
like in India or Mexico, and even in those countries, we are operating. We're not totally shut down in those
countries. We're operating as an essential business where it's appropriate for us to do so. In terms of the
second quarter, I think Craig talked about the fact that we had these extra costs in the first quarter, and
we would expect to continue to have extra costs in the second quarter. And what the extent of those will
be is really hard to predict, and that's part of the uncertainty that is underlying our reluctance to give a
specific outlook here in the second quarter. And I don't know, Craig, whether you would like to add to that.

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I would just add one quick thing to that, Adam, and I agree with absolutely everything you just said.
I think as we're coming into the second quarter though, I mean the first quarter, we had the shutdown in
China, which was that 3-week period and then, obviously, the ramp-up from that. And then really from
what impacted us in other countries, really the most meaningful part of that was probably in the second
half of March. So we're really in the second quarter. That's really in April in the second quarter, really
seeing more of an impact from all the other countries, and time will tell ultimately how that resolves itself.
So it's a little bit of a different -- difference between the first quarter and second quarter, both actually
having certainly a meaningful increase in costs, just as a different -- maybe a little bit of different nature
piece, the full impact of the quarter with the rest of the countries, which are all doing a little bit -- things a
little bit differently.

Operator

Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up on the order trends and your comments related to that. And if you can kind
of help share anything in terms of what you've seen for order trends early on in 2Q just because when
I kind of compare the strong order trends you have with the lower economic activity, I mean, I would --
why should I not think that there should be some order cuts down the line from your customers because
otherwise, this -- given kind of the strength you have, you would definitely have a very kind of strong,
robust year, right? So just help me think about that. Like, are you starting to see some order cuts from
customers? Or am I wrong in thinking there should be some down the line?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, thank you very much. Look, I think our strong orders in the first quarter, I talked a lot about
where those came from. I think it's a little premature to comment here on the second quarter order
trends. It's -- we're just barely 3 weeks into the quarter, and it's hard to see. I mean, I guess I would
say that we -- that the orders, which -- in areas like IT datacom, those were strong through the end of
the quarter. It wasn't that it was kind of a thing early on, like in February. I mean the orders definitely
strengthened through the quarter.

Does that strengthening through the quarter continue here into the second quarter? Again, I think it
remains a little early to say that. Does that mean that there is an order correction coming? Again, we're
dealing in a time period of an enormous uncertainty. But one thing is for sure. I mean, when I look at
the orders in the market where we probably had the strongest orders, which is IT datacom, these are not

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

people putting stuff on shelves, far from it. I mean these are customers trying to get, frantically trying to
get stuff in the field so that you and I and our children and our parents can have bandwidth that is not a
disaster.

I mean, I'll tell you, I am here in a house with 3 kids going to school. I mean, I have only 2 kids, but one
of them brought a second one with them. And when everybody is in school at the same time and when I
am on my perpetual video calls during the course of the day, it isn't the greatest experience for anybody
because the bandwidth is so constrained in many, many places. And I am not talking from the most rural
of places here. And so there is -- these upgrades, the capacity expansion, the bandwidth expansion, these
are real things. This is not customers just saying, I need to buy a bunch of stuff, put it on the shelf just in
case. These things are going to the field.

I mean, you think about the medical market, they are producing every possible thing they can. They need
every sensor that they can get. They need every connector that they can get in order to produce life-
saving equipment that needs to save a life like not in 6 months, but like yesterday or today or tomorrow.
So I think these are -- this is real demand. I just -- I don't personally feel that we're looking at here a kind
of a supply chain bill, then people putting stuff in warehouses. That's a different dynamic than I believe
what we're seeing today.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I'm just hoping to better understand the medical business at Amphenol, maybe some sizing of that
business in terms of the percentage of revenue. And then do you have any more details about how much
exposure in terms of revenue Amphenol may have to some of these areas that are going to help support
COVID-19 patients like ventilators?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Thanks so much, Mark. Look, medical is part of our industrial market, and we haven't specifically split
that out, but I would just tell you that it's an important part of our industrial market even though our
industrial market doesn't have a dominant segment for sure. And across industrial, it's everything from
factory automation, rail mass transit, heavy equipment, instrumentation and other important segments
and including medical.

Now I think our medical business in the recent years, we've done a fantastic job of expanding our position
in medical products. And that started really with some acquisitions we made many years ago, but it was
enhanced and accelerated 6.5 years ago when we entered the sensor market with our original acquisition
of GE's Advanced Sensor businesses, which was 6.5 years ago, who had a substantial sensor position
across medical applications. And medical applications, which, by the way, included a long-standing
leadership position in respiratory therapy. And you can imagine that today, respiratory therapy is kind
of an important part of the medical market. We've always had a strong position in areas like patient
monitoring, imaging and things like x-ray and CT and MRI and delivery of medications. And so that sensor
business really positioned us, I believe, even stronger than we were before because the sensor becomes
such a critical component.

And you'll recall, when we first got into the sensor market, one of the theories and thesis that we had
was that while sensors represented a wonderful complement and a part of the interconnect system,
oftentimes, the sensor element was a critical piece of the technological architecture of the products that
we are in. And while it may not have always the highest value as an element, it has enormous value as
a kind of tip of the spear into that application and into the engineering teams and the importance of the
customers. And I would just say that we saw that and we've seen that over these 6 years, we see it much
more today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

As we talk, and I personally interface with so many medical customers around the world, there's no doubt
about it that having that sensor capability, that sensor portfolio that we have built, not just with our
original acquisition, but multiple acquisitions thereafter, close to 8 companies, I believe it is now, that our
position in the medical market, not just in terms of size, but the importance that we serve to customers in
the medical market has really enhanced.

You'll also remember that last year, we made a wonderful acquisition in Germany of a great company
called Bernd Richter, a real leader in medical market, value-add interconnect together with our preexisting
companies that are very active in interconnect products in the medical market. So again, I'm not
answering specifically, Mark, your question in terms of how -- what is the exact size, but I will just tell you
that it's a very important market and segment within the industrial market, and it's one where we're very,
very proud that our technology can play a significant role in helping the world to do battle against this
COVID-19 virus.

Operator

Our next question comes from Shawn Harrison from Loop.

Shawn Matthew Harrison
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Question on capital deployment in terms of thinking this downturn versus 2008, 2009. There wasn't really
a lot of M&A activity back in that period other than Times Microwave, I believe, and the share repurchase
activity wasn't really something that Amphenol did either. And then we had this quarter where a significant
share repurchase and I'm wondering if you could maybe just comment on your view of share repurchases
going forward? And then also, what do you think of the M&A environment in 2020? Does it dry up?

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks, Shawn. Yes, as we did mention, we did purchase this 2.7 million shares during the quarter
for the average price of about $96. I would note, I guess, that these repurchases did precede this extreme
market volatility that we saw during the quarter and -- which kind of somewhat is evidenced by the
average price of the stock that we bought it for during the quarter. The timing of our stock repurchasing
certainly does always take a number of factors into account with regard to other cash needs in particular
period and in periods where we have less acquisitions or other repurchases. There could be less share
repurchases during that quarter or more share repurchase during the quarter when we have those lower
cash needs. So that's certainly one of the reasons why we had a little bit higher in the quarter and per se,
it gives you maybe a feel for the timing of that.

Subsequently, we did draw down the revolver and when that extreme kind of market environment cadence
took place. But those were really independent actions that really had nothing to do with each other and
just so happened to occur in the same quarter when we drew down the $1.25 billion under our revolving
credit facility. And our intention would be with the revolving credit facility to really -- once -- as we
generate cash, as we continue to explore other opportunities with regards to funding as we -- as the
markets become a little bit more stable, we will -- we do intend even as early as the second quarter here
to start paying down some of those amounts under the revolver. But -- so in terms of capital deployment,
we do continue to take a flexible and balanced approach. That has not changed. We haven't stopped
anything kind of in a formal way, but certainly in this environment, where things are a bit uncertain, we're
going to be very thoughtful about our deployment and things like share repurchases and other things and
be very prudent from that perspective. And I guess I'll let maybe Adam mention -- comment on the M&A.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks very much, Craig. I mean, very well said. And I would -- just relative to the M&A
environment, Shawn, you correctly point out that back in 2009, we did complete 1 acquisition early on of
Times Microwave, a fabulous company, by the way, here. 11 years later, I can't tell you how happy we are
to own it. We have never been a company that just chases markets either up and down during times of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

crisis, bottom fishing, if you will, for prices and other things like that. We take a very thoughtful long-term
approach to our M&A program. And that means having long-term conversations with people, ultimately
dating them with the intention one day to get married.

And I can tell you that in a short-term market dislocation, most people, if they don't have to sell, probably
are not going to want to sell during a short-term market dislocation. And probably you don't want to
necessarily buy during that short-term market dislocation when you really don't know the full extent
of what you're buying. All that being said, what I will tell you that during this environment, this is a
very, very kind of existential environment for many companies. And a company like ours who has the
financial strength that Craig talked about, who has the diversity that we talked about, who has the
geographical diversity as well, the footprint diversity, if you will, and who has that culture and reputation
as an acquirer becomes an even more attractive destination for companies who may be going through
today an existential crisis.

Maybe they are only in one market, maybe they're only in one geography, and they look kind of over the
ledge today at their own existence. And I think that, that is a time where if those companies do survive,
they may start thinking long-term about do I want to do this alone now that I know this kind of a crisis
can happen. And I think the long-term prospects for us being a real acquirer of choice, I believe, coming
out of this can be quite substantial. Now what does it mean this year? How much of our capital are we
going to allocate to what? How much M&A will we do? It's a lot of uncertainty to make any prediction on
that front. But our long-term approach to capital deployment clearly is the priority towards new product
development, M&A and then obviously, the dividend, the buyback that Craig has already talked about. And
we look forward to continuing to be the acquirer of choice for the thousands of companies in this industry
going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo Securities.

Deepa Bhargavi Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'm going to look ahead and ask about better times. Just looking back in history, can you talk about which
verticals you typically see recovering earlier? And which usually take longer to recover? And hypothetically,
let's assume macro forecast are right and we start to see some recovery sometime in the second half.
Should we think about most of your sales actually being recoverable, some of them that got pushed out?
Or can there also be examples of lost sales within your portfolio?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, thank you very much, Deepa. And I love that you ask about better time. This is a great question and
one that is really close to my heart. Look, which verticals recover when? The answer to that is it depends.
I mean, you cannot, I believe, compare the current environment with either 2009 or with 2001. Look, in
2001, we had many of our markets, which didn't even go down. You think about the military market as
one example. Even the industrial market was still relatively strong, then it was really a tech bubble that
burst and then it was followed by the tech collapse. And then the recovery in 2001 was not so fast, if you'll
remember well. I mean, 2002, was also not the easiest year.

If you then go to the financial crisis, we had in the financial crisis a very severe, in the fourth quarter after
Lehman Brothers, reduction in demand. You'll recall that we quickly adjusted our head count in the fourth
quarter of 2008. Sales, I believe, were down something like 15%. We adjusted our headcount down by
17% in the same quarter. And we ultimately secured the profitability of the company in both of those crisis
is down by just 300 basis points.

Now I think this crisis is a little different because it's our first global pandemic in our lifetimes. It scares
people. It affects people. People are afraid to go to work. They're afraid to go to the grocery stores. They
don't know. There is an intense personal insecurity to this crisis. But I will tell you this too shall pass.
I don't know if we are in the middle or, the old Winston Churchill saying, "I don't know if this is not the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

beginning of the end, but it might be the end of the beginning." I don't know where we are in this crisis,
but no doubt about it, it will one day have a beginning, a middle and an end. And what lies beyond that
end? I believe, an enormous amount of opportunities lie beyond that end. And I think what we are going
to see at the end of this crisis, when that "normal" that you refer do come, it will not be the same normal
that we all knew on the 22nd of January.

There will be differences. We will reevaluate how we work, how we live, how we learn, how we function.
And there's one common thread across all of that, from our perspective, is people are seeing the
importance of electronics in everything. Whether that's electronics for medical equipment, whether that's
electronics for communication purposes, you name it. Safety, HVAC systems, building automation. I mean,
it doesn't take a big leap to start to think of just dozens and hundreds of new applications that will follow
ultimately the reckoning that comes out of this very significant disruption that we've all experienced here.
And I can tell you this, Amphenol sits strongly positioned for all of those opportunities wherever they may
come. Our organization, 123 general managers around the world, each of them functioning in their little
areas of the electronics world are poised to capitalize on whatever comes along. And we're going to be
very proud to do that.

Now look, what does that mean for the second half? I mean, you mentioned some macro forecast. In
the last 90 days, I haven't heard a single forecast that's been correct. So I don't know what those macro
forecasts are really going to be. Whether there will be an L shape, a V shape, a U shape, an S shape, I
don't know. You tell me what shape of recovery it's going to be, but a recovery will one day come. That
I'm sure of. And when that comes, is there a catch-up of demand? It's hard to say is there a catch-up of
demand. I mean, we're all sitting in our homes. I'm certainly not using a lot of gas right now.

So I don't know that people are going to go use a bunch more gasoline when they get out and catch up
to all the gasoline that we didn't use. I haven't filled the tank in my car for, I think, a month right now.
And so there are some things that may just have disappeared in terms of demand, but there are so many
opportunities for new things that are going to come out of this whole crisis. And ultimately, I think those
things are going to be real positives in the long term. Not a second half necessarily commentary, but I'm
telling you, I think there's going to be a lot of goods that's going to come out of this.

Operator

And our next question comes from [ Steve Fox from Fox Advisors ].

Unknown Analyst

I guess the one thing I was left wondering about in terms of your own operations, was your supply chain.
You mentioned disruptions with running your factories, but can you just talk about your ability to source
raw materials, subcomponents and how that has been handled and how you think it's going to be handled
in this quarter?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Thanks so much, Steve, and congratulations on your newly founded organization. We love your logo, by
the way. Steve, the -- look, the supply chain is very important. I mean we -- suppliers are really important
for us. One thing about Amphenol that you know very well, we don't have a centralized supply chain. We
don't seek to put all of our stuff into one vendor and leverage that one vendor. We put the responsibility of
manager and suppliers across all of our more than 120 general managers around the world. We may share
information and do some smart things about that. But we are not putting all of our eggs in one basket of a
supplier.

And I can tell you, today, I'm very grateful for that because there are suppliers. Even in the months
of February through the China shutdown, our organization was so much quicker than most others to
come back to full production. There were suppliers who were not able to come back, who didn't have
the wherewithal, the agility, the capabilities to do what our team was so successful at doing and coming
back to production. And to the extent that any of those, which for us usually are very small suppliers,
created a disruption, we went and helped them right away. Our team was there for them, supporting

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

those suppliers. We haven't seen anything material in terms of -- or meaningful, I should say, it's a double
entendre material, anything real meaningful in terms of the impact from our supply chain.

I guess the one thing I would maybe point to is not really suppliers as much as logistics. It's been well
reported, there are some logistical impediments going on in the world right now, freight capacities are
quite significantly limited in certain areas. And our team is doing a great job of working collaboratively
across the organization to make sure that we're getting the product that we need when we need it and
getting what our customers need when they need it, but there's a little bit more work involved in doing
that right now than there was 90 days ago.

Operator

Next question comes from William Stein from SunTrust.

William Stein
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

It relates to the margin trajectory we might expect over the current and next couple of quarters. We
understand that the decrementals were a little bit less. Well, let's say, they were a little bit worse than
what they typically are in a downturn for Amphenol because you have some more challenging times in
adjusting costs when you can't take actions on the employee base, given all the things going on with
COVID. And I wonder whether we should expect this to have a relatively quicker resolution where we
could see a quarter here of better-than-expected decrementals because you can align the cost base with
the level of demand? Or if we should expect another quarter or 2 of the sort of current more challenging
alignment of those 2 things?

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks a lot, Will, for the question. Let me just start off by saying, I think as a company, we're really
just proud of the fact that we are still able to achieve the 17% operating margins in the first quarter with
all the obstacles that we had to deal with in the first quarter with China being closed, with the other parts
of the world having productivity issues and having some of their facilities closed or limited in terms of
people. Just the fact that we -- in that case still achieve 17%, and essentially had a sequential quarter
kind of conversion from Q4 to Q1 of just 40%, not so far over our typical 30% downside conversion, I
think it's just a testament of the team. So I just kind of wanted to start with kind of that. Because I think
that's really just the important point in that we're really -- we are truly proud of.

Now as it relates to kind of going forward into the second quarter, and we certainly didn't -- aren't giving
guidance for the second quarter. Adam -- we did say that we do expect sales and EPS to be lower in
the second quarter. So with that being said, I said I wouldn't expect profitability or the pressures on
our profitability to be meaningfully better in the second quarter than they were in the first quarter. I
mentioned before, that in the first quarter, we had this China-specific event that happened, and it really
wasn't until the end of the first quarter that we really saw the other parts of the world starting to create
issues with regards to adding cost or limiting our ability to adjust cost. And that's really what we're seeing
in a bigger way in the second quarter.

And so I think that we would expect still to have a drag from that and throughout the second quarter at
this point in time. I wouldn't expect dramatically different sequential quarter conversions going into the
second quarter that -- from the first quarter to second quarter, I would expect kind of maybe normal-ish
conversions. But again, there's so many unknowns right now as we kind of come into the second quarter
that it's really difficult to conclude on that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jim Suva from Citigroup Investment Research.

Jim Suva
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

And great to hear the Amphenol team is doing well and your positive outlook, which a lot of my questions
have been answered for that.

So I'll just ask one a little bit. When we think about guideposts, and I've been on the sell-side for over
20 years. I think back in history, in the global financial crisis, the worst quarter year-over-year was down
19%, but then back at the bubble burst, there was sometimes of down 30% year-over-year. And I think
about this crisis, the coronavirus is much different of global plant closures, but then you talked about how
positive your team came back in China. So can you give us any guidepost at all about is it much different
from some of those past historical trends we've seen? Or the plant closures and coming back make it
much different? It's just -- any guidance or color would be greatly appreciated.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, thanks so much, Jim. I mentioned earlier that I think while one can on their face say, "Well, there
was the global financial crisis, there was the tech collapse, and should we or should we not compare this
moment to those?" I think there is the difference here. We have never worked in an environment where
governments are so deeply impactful. And for good reason, by the way, I mean, I think governments
need to take a role. They have an extraordinary role to play in protecting the health of all of us on the
phone and all of the citizens of the world. And so justifiably, I think governments have taken steps to limit
interaction of people and thereby slow the spread of the virus. And the way it's happened has been very
different.

China, I talked about, was a very clear, very distinct, and by the end of a certain time period, which was
not so long. I mean, at the time, it felt like ages, let me tell you. Those 3 weeks felt like 3 years to all of
us as we were planning the kind of reentry. But there was a moment in time where you knew you could
take your people back to work as long as you did certain things to protect them. And I think in the rest of
the world, the actions haven't been as clear as the actions were in China. And thus, the coming out of that
is also, I believe, less clear.

And so what is that going to look like? It will depend. It will depend on the country. It will depend on the
results. It will depend on the sort of, I hear so many times this term, are we bending or not the curve and
all of these various things. And it's not dependent on is the fiber capacity in the market now finally filled
and we can start rebuilding fiber optic equipment back in the year 2000. It's not dependent on is demand
coming back because people are not getting foreclosed upon in their mortgages and unemployment and
all of those things. There's an element, obviously. I mean, unemployment is increasing in many countries,
ours for example, very significantly.

So there is an end demand that is related in some way to this crisis, but not a direct part of the battle
against COVID-19. When does that end demand come back depends on so many factors. What's the
degree of government stimulus that's going to be available to people? What will companies have in terms
of support loans or grants or otherwise? I mean, there are a lot of factors that come into this, which make
me feel like to draw that perfect parallel from those 2 crisis, would be maybe a dangerous parallel to draw.
Again, I'll just reiterate one more time.

From our perspective, it just doesn't matter. Because our team is ready regardless. We are purpose-
built for a time of strong demand. We're also purpose-built for a time where demand is very uncertain.
And that's the agility, the flexibility of all of our organization that -- and really the resiliency of the
organization in a time of kind of unprecedented uncertainty. And our ability to adapt and to embrace a
new environment is, I believe, second to none. And will get us through this regardless.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Spak of RBC Capital Markets.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Adam, I do want to just quickly -- I guess I'll follow on your last comments and go back to some of the
color you gave on the China restart and the lessons learned there because I think that's important. And as
you mentioned, that was pretty intense. It's unclear if that's followed elsewhere in the world. But you also
mentioned you want your employees to feel safe, and I think there's some plants with a decent amount of
manual labor and lines can be set up with employees close to each other. So you might have to do more
than is minimally required in certain areas to get that level of comfort among your employees. So if we
think about, even beyond second quarter, when there's obviously still going to be some costs because of
the shutdown, does productivity not get back to where it was until there is a vaccine? Is that your view?
Or does it sort of not matter because to follow on your last comments, maybe just to snap back to pre-
COVID immediately either?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Look, it's a great question, Joe. I mean, I think what you're saying is there is a pre-vaccine and a
post-vaccine world. And I would tend to agree with you. There is a pre-vaccine world and there's a post-
vaccine world. And the pre-vaccine world is going to require you to probably take more aggressive steps
to protect your people. And I would just point out one thing. It was, for us, absolutely clear, as right on
January 23 when that shutdown happened, the pure priority, the overarching priority of our corporation
has to be to protect our people. And we do that because it's the right thing to do as a fellow human of
those 75,000 people around the world, but we do it also because it's just good business. If you don't
protect your people, you see what happens.

And there have been so many examples around the world, some well reported and others not so well
reported, of the kind of catastrophic effect on a corporation's business if they're not sufficiently protecting
their people. So we went overboard. We absolutely went overboard from the very get-go, making sure
that our people were well protected. And yes, we have factories where we have assembly workers, who
used to work very close together. They're not working close together today. And we've figured it out.
We've repurposed offices. We've repurposed warehouses. We've staggered shifts. We've done so many
things.

Now do all of those things ultimately hurt productivity in the pre-vaccine medium term? Not necessarily.
I don't think they do, not necessarily. I mean, you'd be amazed at the resilience and adaptability, not just
of our management team, but of our people on the factory floor. And I tell you -- and I'll just put a plug-
in here right now, we have, every time for our earnings release and management call, these people in our
factories are the heroes of Amphenol today. They are every day walking in the door of a factory. While
those people who can work from home are doing so, we have a lot of people who have to go to work every
day to do their job. And their job are so important today.

Like I said, I mean we are building things that go into life-saving equipment. We're building things that go
into -- it's mission-critical communications network. And these heroes of our company who are going in
every day, it's our job to protect them regardless of if that means I have the space or not in the factory,
regardless of whether that means, I have to have the shifts not overlap quite as much and lose 2% in
productivity that day because of it. That's not a consideration at this point. I believe that our team is going
to make it happen regardless, and we're going to always follow that priority right now, which is we've got
to protect our people and protect them, we will.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Kelley from Jefferies.

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

A quick question on automotive. I believe you mentioned sales declined 8% year-over-year in the quarter,
that's significantly outperformed the market. I was just hoping for some color on your exposure and what
you're seeing there. Are you seeing any step-up in content? Was there anything region-specific that drove

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

that upside? And then just curious if you expect any impact from supply chain timing that might be a
headwind coming into the second quarter here?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks very much, David. I mean, look, I think we have been outperforming the automotive market
for the better part of the decade. And I think -- I hate to say outperforming when we're down 8%. I don't
like saying that, but I guess maybe it's technically true. I mean, we're down 8%. It's not the greatest
thing in the world. But yes, is it outperforming? Maybe it is. And I think our outperformance has been
because we've just done a great job at capitalizing on new electronic applications in the car. I think that
this crisis, when all is said and done, the automotive market is going to return. And I think that constant
quest for new features in cars is going to continue. And I would bet that there are going to be some new
features that may not be unrelated to keeping people safe in cars and keeping cars clean and keeping
the air clean in cars and so many other things like that. So I personally think that the long term in the
automotive market is -- remains to be a great opportunity and the long-term content growth opportunity
for Amphenol remains strong.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nikolay Todorov from Longbow.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

I understand it's more of an art than a science, but I would like to hear your assessment of what
downstream inventories look like. I understand that things in, like, communications and IT systems and
medical, those orders are going directly to the field. But what about some of the other markets? What is
your view on how much current orders are driven by underlying consumption versus inventory positioning?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, I think I mentioned earlier, we don't see a lot of customers just putting a bunch of stuff in
their warehouses. We don't have perfect visibility. The only place where we have visibility is inventories in
our distribution channel. We haven't seen anything abnormal in the inventories amongst our distributors
at this point. In fact, I'd say our distributors are continuing to service their customers very vigorously,
especially those customers who have incremental demand related to the COVID-19 battles that are going
on. So I wouldn't say that we see a big mismatch in inventories to the extent that we have visibility.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Giordano from Cowen.

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up on some of the questions we talked about on productivity. So Adam, you
mentioned like the pre-vaccine, post-vaccine. I guess, just think about structurally, is this just like a
fundamental change where the -- what you thought was 100% capacity is now like 120% capacity? Like,
do we have to rethink how these facilities long term are laid out? Do we need to use more automation? Is
there an upward bias on labor cost to kind of incentivize people to come back? And just how do you think
of that longer term than just what we're seeing right today?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Thanks. Look, we don't think about this monolithically. I think that every operation is different in
Amphenol. That's one of the beauties of the company as we have also an enormous amount of operational
diversity across the company. We have some operations who are highly automated. We have others who

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

are highly manual. And they usually tend to be very much tailored to the market that they serve, the
geography that they service from.

Is this going to create a new factor for people to consider? Of course, it is. I think it's going to create a
new factor for everybody to consider for the rest of our lives. And that just means that each of our general
managers in managing their operations is going to integrate that into their calculus of what are they going
to do to optimize their business. But look, we have an expression in Amphenol, a no-excuses approach
to management. It's a team of people who just makes it happen. We've been through a lot of different
stuff over the course of our careers. And my career is now 22 years with this company wonderfully. And
through that time, we have seen so many changes, changes in the cost of labor in certain geographies,
changes in where things can be made, tariffs. I mean, you name it.

There have been an enormous amount of changes that come along. And the fact now that we need to
prioritize and secure our locations for the health of the people. Do I believe that this is going to have a
kind of a permanent negative drag on productivity? I do not. Look, in the short term, we have a lot of
governmental shutdowns we're dealing with. Of course, that's going to have short-term impacts. You're
paying people not to work in a number of places. But -- and you're doing that by law and also because
it's the right thing to do. And -- but is this going to have a structural change to Amphenol's ability to be a
highly productive manufacturing organization and thereby to drive strong returns for the company? I don't
think it will.

Operator

Thank you, speakers. As of this time, we don't have any questions on queue. I'll turn the call back to you
for any closing remarks.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, thank you so much, and thank you all for your extended time today. We wanted to give everybody a
chance to have their question. Look, I wanted to say just a few words here. I mentioned earlier, we're in a
crisis unlike any of us have lived through. But there will be a beginning, a middle and an end to this crisis.
There's no doubt about it. I'm not going to be the one to predict when does the end come or when does
the beginning of the end come, but it will come. There's no doubt about it.

And what I have encouraged our employees to do, and I will encourage all of you as well, is relish the
positives that may come out of this. Take advantage of the things that we're learning about ourselves,
about how we can work, how we can operate and about our fellow people that I think are really some of
the wonderful silver lining of what is a true tragedy for many people. And that tragedy, I'm sure all of you
have been touched in somewhere or another by that tragedy. And we wish that all of you continue to stay
safe with your families, your colleagues and all stay safe. And I'm sure, one day, we will get the chance
to meet all of you in person. And I look forward certainly to sitting in the office with my colleagues at the
nearest possible occasion.

And regardless of how that's come, you can rest assured that the Amphenol management team is there
to support all of our stakeholders and to make sure that this company that our people remain safe and
strong and that our company remains also healthy and strong for the long term. Thank you all very much,
and we look forward to speaking to you again 90 days from now.

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, everybody.

Operator
Thank you for attending today's conference, and have a nice day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

