ANSYS, Inc. NasdaqGS:ANSS
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 04, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.35

1.59

Revenue  (mm)

415.70

445.42

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-04-2021 9:31 AM GMT

17.78

7.15

2.75

7.11

7.90

639.52

1903.10

2078.86

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.55

0.84

1.56

1.35

2.96

1.12

1.85

1.59

16.08 %

33.33 %

18.59 %

17.78 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Kelsey DeBriyn
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Nicole Anasenes
CFO & Senior VP of finance

ANALYSTS

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Blair Harold Abernethy
Rosenblatt Securities Inc.,
Research Division

Gal Munda

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jason Vincent Celino
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Joseph D. Vruwink
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Tyler Maverick Radke
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes,
Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance; and Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President, Investor
Relations. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. At this time, I would now
like to turn the conference over to Ms. DeBriyn for opening remarks. Please go ahead.

Kelsey DeBriyn
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the
link to our third quarter Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations
website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our third quarter
financial results and business update as well as our Q4 and updated fiscal year 2021 outlook and the key
underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions.

Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future
results are discussed in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are available on our corporate website.
We note that uncertainty regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our performance could cause
actual results to differ materially from our projections. Forward-looking statements are based upon our
view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligations to update any such information.

During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion
of the various items that are excluded and reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial
measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our
President and CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q3 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS,
where we beat our financial guidance across all key metrics. With strong ACV growth in the quarter, I'm
delighted that year-to-date, we're on a stated goal of double-digit ACV growth with tuck-in acquisitions.
Our accomplishments thus far in 2021 are further evidence of the success of our strategy of making
simulation pervasive across the product life cycle, our multiphysics product leadership and our strong
customer relationships. Those factors, combined with customers' continued investment in R&D initiatives
are driving demand for ANSYS' multiphysics solutions.

With a robust deal pipeline and momentum in the business bolstering our confidence, we are raising our
full year financial guidance above and beyond the impact of our strong Q3 top line performance. Nicole will
have the details in a few minutes.

From vertical and geographical perspective, our Q3 results came in as expected. The high-tech and
semiconductor, aerospace and defense, and automotive and ground transportation sectors were again our
largest contributors.

Looking at our major geographies, the Americas again led the way, followed by Asia Pacific. We expect
each region to have its largest quarter in Q4 with this quarterly skew to be more pronounced in Q4 for
Europe.

One of Q3's highlights was a 3-year $58 million agreement with a North American high-tech customer.
From an ACV perspective, this deal was the second largest multiyear contract in our history. This customer
was already using solutions from across the ANSYS multiphysics portfolio and is now expanding its number
of simulation users. It is using ANSYS for diverse applications, ranging from ensuring the reliability of radio

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

frequency systems to meeting sustainability goals across this product line and to chip package system
analysis for power and signal integrity.

Another key deal in Q3 was a multiyear agreement with Seagate Technology, a leader in mass data
storage solutions. Seagate is a long-time ANSYS customer, and this new contract broadens the company's
use of multiphysics simulation to address next-generation product challenges faced by its global customer
base. For example, Seagate is using ANSYS multiphysics products to assess thermal effects and acoustics
to create a seamless workflow to enable higher capacity hard drives and to streamline process integration
for heat-assisted magnetic recording. The company also now has access to our optical suite of products to
drive further innovation.

As we have discussed, our small- and medium-sized customers, or SMBs, were disproportionately affected
by the pandemic. However, during the last few quarters, we are seeing a recovery, and SMB customers
have increased their investment in ANSYS simulation. Our ongoing increase in sales from our SMB
customers give me further confidence as we plan for Q4 and beyond.

During these calls, I typically give you some insights into various aspects of the ANSYS business. In the
past, I discussed our best-in-class electromagnetic solutions, our unparalleled product scalability and the
extreme accuracy of our structural solutions. As you heard me discuss with Seagate, optical simulation
is becoming increasingly important for our customer base. In fact, in Q3, about 5% of our agreements
included an optical simulation product in the order. Given that as well as our recent closing of the ZMAX
acquisition, I would like to spend some time today discussing our offerings for optical simulation.

3 years ago, ANSYS did not have any optical simulation products in our portfolio. Today, though,
companies can rely on ANSYS for an end-to-end solution, spanning the gamut from photons to electrons
based on 3 product lines. The first, ANSYS Lumerical, empowers users to design and analyze integrated
photonic components and systems and model challenging product problems, including interacting optical,
electrical and thermal effects. The second product line, ANSYSPIoS, simulates the system's optical
performance and evaluates the final illumination effect by enabling high-fidelity visualization based on
human vision and camera-sensing capabilities. Third is our recent acquisition of ZMAX, which enables
customers to accurately model the behavior of light through complex optical lens systems. Instead of
working independently as a siloed offering, our optical simulation suite operates as part of a complete
multiphysics workflow. Taken together, the ANSYS optical solution is used for a diverse set of applications
ranging from camera and LiDAR arrays found in autonomous vehicles to telecommunications and mobile
phone cameras to medical equipment and other visual aids.

For example, in Q3, Sandia National Labs signed an agreement leading to expanded use of Lumerical
technologies. Sandia develops leading-edge integrated photonic and nanophotonic solutions for quantum
computing, imaging and sensing. The lab uses Lumerical tools to design, model and simulate custom
photonic components and their behavior in a circuit environment.

In the automotive sector, industry leader Ford uses ANSYS products, including SPEOS and the ANSYS
vehicle headlight solution in the styling and design of its predictive smart headlamps and to optimize and
validate headline performance. Our headlight solution features real-time physics-based optical simulation
and driver-in-the-loop functionality to replicate the physical world with a high degree of predictive
accuracy. Automotive giant Mazda is also increasing its use of SPEOS for internal and exterior lighting,
head-up displays and cameras, thanks to a sales agreement in Q3.

In Aerospace and Defense, an ANSYS customer is using all 3 of our optical product lines across multiple
applications. The customer relies on Lumerical for creating photonics integrated circuits. It uses SPEOs
for detecting radiation leaks from aircraft enclosures and this customer is also using ZMAX to study lens
deformation. While still new to our portfolio and a relatively small contributor to our overall financial
results, these optical solutions fit squarely into our go-to-market motion, and our sales team understands
how to market these products.

Based on the ANSYS strategy of pervasive simulation, our optical customers can easily access products
across our portfolio to perform true multiphysics analysis. We saw an excellent example of that with
another aerospace and defense customer that was challenged with a wing camera that was capturing

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

blurry images. By using a combination of ANSYS optical and ANSYS fluids products, the customer was able
to correct the problem and deliver crisp images even at extreme speeds in bad weather.

Moving to our partners. I'm excited that we are expanding our relationship with Autodesk by embedding
ANSYS' electromagnetic simulation capabilities to explore and validate printed circuit board designs
within the Fusion 360 workflow. This first-of-a-kind Autodesk Fusion 360 extension will enable CAD users
to perform near real-time PCB analyses and to retrieve real-time insights into their electromagnetic
performance to accelerate the development of next-generation products.

We have also expanded connectivity of ANSYS Twin Builder to industrial control systems through Rockwell
Automation's enhanced Studio 5000 simulation interface. Users can connect digital twins to emulated
controllers to optimize production at the design stage or physical controllers to enhance equipment
performance in real time, for example, in predictive maintenance.

I am pleased that we have expanded our partnership with TSMC to create a comprehensive thermal
analysis solution for multi-die semiconductor designs. Using ANSYS RedHawk-SC electrothermal and
ANSYS ice back along with TSMC's silicon stacking and advanced packaging technologies, users can
analyze complete chip and package systems with high-fidelity results.

We are also collaborating with Fujitsu to enable more sustainable product development for our customers.
ANSYS Dyna now supports Fujitsu's energy-efficient prime HPC supercomputers which will help customers
reduce energy consumption and costs by offloading simulation workloads to a more energy-efficient
machine.

Keeping with our environmental, social and governance initiatives for a moment, we recently published
our simulation product handprint for autonomous vehicles. This report illustrates the role that simulation
plays in the development of autonomous vehicles, including in sensors, automated driving software
and safety testing. Using simulation to develop autonomous vehicles will lead to significant societal and
environmental benefits, ranging from a drop in traffic fatalities to a reduction in emissions.

We have also submitted our initial report with the Climate Disclosure Project and expect results by the end
of the year. Similarly, we have begun working on our reports to the task force on climate-related financial
disclosures, which focuses on governance, strategy, risk management and metrics and targets.

In summary, Q3 was another remarkable quarter for ANSYS. We beat guidance across all key financial
metrics and have met our goal of delivering double-digit growth year-to-date. We are also expanding our
product leadership in our core solutions as well as an important emerging areas such as optical simulation.
These factors, combined with a strong Q4 sales pipeline and outstanding execution, give me further
confidence in our ability to meet our newly increased outlook for 2021.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?

Nicole Anasenes
CFO & Senior VP of finance

Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective
on our third quarter financial performance and provide context for our outlook and assumptions for Q4 and
2021. The third quarter demonstrated the strength of our business as we delivered robust growth during
the quarter.

ACV was strong and in line with our expectations, while revenue, operating margin and EPS exceeded
the high end of our Q3 guidance, driven by the mix of license types sold in the quarter. both our large
enterprise customers and SMB customers performed well. And our growth during the quarter was broad-
based.

Now let me discuss some of our Q3 financial highlights. Q3 ACV was $365.4 million and grew year-over-
year 20% or 19% in constant currency. We saw strong performance across customer types, geographies
and industries. ACV from recurring sources represented 76% of the total.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Q3 total revenue was $445.4 million and grew 21% or 20% in constant currency, which, as I mentioned,
exceeded the high end of our guidance driven by license mix. Q3 revenue growth was also wide ranging
across customer types and industries. For the first 3 quarters of 2021, we had strong top line performance
with ACV and revenue both growing double digits at 17% and 19%, respectively. As Ajei mentioned,
for both Q3 and Q3 year-to-date, we are executing against our business model of double-digit growth,
including tuck-in M&A. We closed the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog
of $ 899.5 million. During the quarter, we continued to manage our business with fiscal discipline. This
yielded a solid third quarter gross margin of 89.9% and an operating margin of 39.7%, which was better
than our Q3 guidance. Operating margin was positively impacted by revenue performance from license
mix as well as the timing of investments. The result was third quarter EPS of $1.59, which was also above
the high end of our guidance. Similar to operating margin, EPS benefited from strong revenue results from
license mix and the timing of investments.

Our effective tax rate in Q3 was 19%, the tax rate we expect for the fourth quarter of 2021. Our cash flow
from operations in Q3 totaled $157.8 million, which benefited from strong collections, primarily driven by
robust Q2 growth, favorable timing of intra-quarter sales and a reduction in the percent of receivables past
due. We ended the quarter with $1.814 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet.

In line with our capital allocation priorities, we repurchased approximately 97,000 shares during the
quarter for around $36 million. We have 2.7 million shares available for repurchase under the current
authorized share repurchase program. Additionally, on October 1, we acquired ZMAX for a purchase price
of $399.1 million net of cash acquired.

Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. We continue to build confidence in our outlook for the year, given
the improved deals pipeline we see in the fourth quarter. As a result, we are initiating guidance for Q4 and
increasing our ACV revenue, operating margin, EPS and operating cash flow outlook for the full year.

This raise reflects the strong financial performance in the third quarter and the increased momentum of
our sales pipeline going into the fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue in the range of
$614.9 million to $654.9 million, operating margin in the range of 44.5% to 47% and EPS in the range of
$2.48 to $2.81.

As I mentioned, for the full year, we are raising our ACV revenue, operating margin, EPS and operating
cash flow outlook. We are increasing our full year ACV outlook to be in the range of $1.825 billion to
$1.860 billion. This represents growth of 12.9% to 15.1% or 12.6% to 14.7% in constant currency.

Our Q4 and full year 2021 guidance is based on continued momentum in the business and a Q4 pipeline
that has accelerated since our August guidance. It does not include a repeat of the outside spending
behavior we saw in December 2020 after vaccines were announced.

The raise also incorporates approximately $6 million to $8 million of contribution from ZMAX in Q4, and
which is offset by approximately $6 million to $8 million of currency headwind. As a result, we are raising
the midpoint of our ACV guidance by $20 million, which translates to an increase of 1.5 points of constant
currency growth compared to our August guidance.

We expect revenue to be in the range of $1.885 billion to $1.925 billion which is growth of 11.2% to
13.5% or 10.6% to 12.9% in constant currency. This raise reflects our strong Q3 revenue performance
driven by license mix as well as the incremental organic revenue from the momentum of our Q4 pipeline.
Like ACV, our increased revenue incorporates approximately $6 million to $8 million contribution from
ZMAX, which is offset by approximately $6 million to $8 million of currency headwinds.

As a result, we are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance by $40 million, which translates to
constant currency growth of 3 points higher than the midpoint of our August guidance.

As you know, ASC 606 introduces revenue growth volatility within the quarters. However, on a full year
basis, revenue growth is less volatile. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we expect the revenue growth rate
to be impacted by the year-over-year compare and mix of license types sold in the fourth quarter 2020
versus our current 2021 fourth quarter pipeline. We are increasing our full year operating margin and now
expect operating margin to be in the range of 40.5% to 41.5%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Additionally, we are increasing our full year EPS and now expect EPS to be in the range of $7.05 to
$7.38. This increase incorporates our Q3 performance and is offset by approximately $0.05 of currency
headwinds. It is worth noting that some of our strong Q3 EPS performance was driven by the timing of
investments that moved from Q3 to the fourth quarter of the year.

Now let me turn to our full year operating cash flow guidance. We are increasing our 2021 outlook to
a range of $505 million to $535 million. This increase is driven by stronger collections expected during
the year and is partially offset by approximately $3 million to $5 million of currency headwind. Further
details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our Q4 and
2021 guidance are contained in the prepared remarks document.

Consistent with our standard practice, we will provide detailed 2022 guidance once we finalize our 2022
planning process and close out 2021. I would like to thank the ANSYS team for their outstanding execution
during the quarter, which drove our robust Q3 financial performance and continued momentum going into
our last quarter of the year.

We once again delivered a strong quarter, which coupled with our recurring business model and growing
sales pipeline demonstrated the strength of the ANSYS business. We are well positioned to deliver on our
2021 outlook as well as our longer-term financial objectives.
Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And ladies and gentlemen, our first question today comes from John Vruwink (sic)
[ Joseph Vruwink ] with Baird.

Joseph D. Vruwink
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Just on the point of ANSYS growing in line with the targets you provided back in 2019, how different is the
composition of the growth today relative to the original budget, for instance, something like optical, not
around in '19, now 5% of bookings. Is it true to say there's maybe newer and faster-growing contributors
to ACV? And if that is true, does it suggest that there's also areas of the business that might be on the
lagging end of recovery and so you get bigger contributors in future years?

Nicole Anasenes
CFO & Senior VP of finance

Yes. So I'll take that. Thanks so much for your question, John. So yes, as you can -- as you point out,
we are well within our model of double-digit growth with tuck-in acquisitions on a year-to-date basis, our
growth certainly puts us squarely on that model. What I would say is there's 2 components to that. So the
core itself, the core structures fluids those businesses are still solid contributors to growth and continue
to grow. As you point out, we have been building the broadest, deepest simulation portfolio over multiple
decades, and that has only accelerated in the past 5 years. And so I think, Ajei, Ajei talk about the optical
business as an example of something that was maybe quite nascent a couple of years ago that is quite
robust, competitive and extensive right now. And so I would give that as an example. Ajei, do you want to
comment?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So when we talked about in -- when we gave long-term guidance, if you look at the addressable
market, we talked about the core, the foundations of the business. And then we talked about high-growth
adjacencies, including areas such as autonomy, electrification, IoT, 5G. And we talked about some of the
investments that we were making. And in particular, we did talk about optical as an area that we are that
we were investing in, in particular, to support things like autonomous vehicles as well as to support things
like 5G for the purposes of interconnects and so forth. And so we've essentially been executing against the
strategy that we laid out.

I also want to correct a point that you made in your question, you said 5% of the bookings came
from optical. That's not what I said in my script. What I said is that 5% of the deals had some optical
component within the agreement with the customer. So there was some aspect of optical within that.
Optical, of course, is a relatively small piece of our business today.

Operator

And our next question today comes from Andrew Obin of Bank of America.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just a question, if you look at the numbers, sort of a fairly significant outgrowth in the U.S. relative to the
rest of the world. Could you just talk about how this COVID, what's driving it? I assume a lot of it is COVID
driven, and how the reopening dynamic could sort of change that is going into the year-end and into next
year, i.e., what would it take for the rest of the world to catch up with the U.S.? And why is the U.S. so
robust?

Nicole Anasenes
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

CFO & Senior VP of finance

Yes. Thanks so much for your question, Andrew. So as you point out, over the last 12 months, Americas
has continued to be a consistent strong performer and lead the company in creating value for our
customers. a couple of deals with the 1 that Ajei mentioned in his remarks, the $58 million agreement
with the leading North American technology company, is an example of -- I think the model that we have
exported around the world and leads to some of the strength in our other regions like APAC, where the
customer has already been using solutions from across the ANSYS multiphysics portfolio, but is now
expanding the number of simulation users. And so that we've done a very good job at building deep
relationships with customers understanding their short and their long-term development road maps and
enabling them to be able to propagate the use of simulation to broader use cases to connect the physics
and to also connect other users in the process to leverage that simulation.

And so that model that Americas executes quite well is the model that we're executing around the world.
And just as an example, our Asia Pacific region has executed exceptionally. They had another quarter
of very strong growth with 21% constant currency growth I'm sorry, 21% growth in the region at a
constant currency basis. And the strength in that region was broad-based across industry, customer types,
geographies we had several 7-figure contracts in Asia Pacific that added growth to the high-tech sector,
where customers are really showing enthusiasm for not just the core portfolio, but the adjacencies as
well. So there's a common theme here where we're broadening and deepening the relationships within
the customer with our core technology having strong footholds and solid growth, but also leveraging the
organic and the inorganic investments that we've been making over the past 5 years to accelerate the
footprint globally.

And so I would say the core strength of the portfolio and the investments that we have been making
during the course of the pandemic with our customers and in our portfolio are really the drivers of the
acceleration and the performance of growth. To some degree, there is some -- there is a little bit of
recovery at the Asia Pacific probably had was a little bit ahead in the recovery versus Americas. There's
still unevenness in terms of how customers are preferring to meet in-person. So I wouldn't characterize
things as a return to normal quite yet. But certainly, the business model is resilient, it is showing through
regardless of the challenges that we've seen in the pandemic.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

So it's as much as sort of reopening as structural changes in the business model. Is that the right way of
reading it?

Nicole Anasenes
CFO & Senior VP of finance

Yes. I'd say it's the success that the management team enjoying as a result of building out that robust
portfolio and that business model. But I think also the point around investing during the pandemic is
important to note. I mean it's really easy in a tough time to barrel down the hatches and not make
investments in the business. That's kind of what people might expect. But there was a very proactive --
a very deliberate decision to not overpivot in that direction because of our confidence in the opportunity
around what we do and the value that we can add to our customers. And so I really do feel like we're
going to be coming out of the pandemic, whenever that might be in a real position of strength.

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

And I think just to add one small point to Nicole's response there. When you think about the investments
that customers make in ANSYS it's really triggered by their investments in R&D. And obviously, globally,
you're seeing investments in R&D customers continuing to look at next-generation products and offerings,
and that's where simulation comes in. So the fact that we can help them with building their next
generation again, points to the importance of our technology, and that's what allows us to be in a position
to make these relationships in sales during a pandemic or any other time for that matter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

And just a follow-up question. I think on a previous call, you guys highlighted how small and medium
business sort of tends to lead your core business. And you made some remarks about small and medium,
you are continuing to see improvement. But can you just talk about sort of sequential trends in SMB? And
what this -- if that -- if you still view it as a leading indicator for the rest of the business going to the year-
end and next year? And I know you did improve your 4Q outlook, but just maybe more color there?

Nicole Anasenes
CFO & Senior VP of finance

Sure. I'll start and if there's anything you have to add, you would like to add, Ajei. So yes, as I mentioned
in our opening remarks, we continue to see strength in the SMB customer set -- And we're really pleased
with the momentum that we've seen now 4 quarters in a row. And so I think that, that is -- that's what's
given us the confidence in continuing to raise throughout the year in addition to the fact that our pipeline
with our large customers is solid, robust and continues to evolve and improve. And so I'm not sure that
the 2 are interrelated. I think that they're somewhat related in the broader sense of recovery. But I do feel
like although we're not quite at pre-pandemic behavior within the SMB set, we're really pleased with the
ongoing momentum and what we've been delivering in that business.

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And just to amplify one of the points Nicole made, the large customer dynamic is somewhat different
from the SMB. For the most part, the large customer dynamic is driven by the long-term relationships that
we've maintained with our direct sales force with these customers. Many of these are long-term customers
of ours. They've built their processes around ANSYS. And when it comes to a new project or a new activity
that they start to continue to evolve their R&D efforts, they turn to us as a vendor. And so there's an
opportunity within those customers to expand the footprint based on long-term relationships.

In the case of SMBs, in many cases, the SMBs are relationships that we have through channel partners
and some of these customers may be relatively new customers. They may be relatively early in their
life as an organization. And so I wouldn't necessarily say SMB is a leading indicator, which was the point
that you made. I wouldn't necessarily say it's a leading indicator. These are 2 different -- there's slightly
different dynamics across both the SMB and enterprise, and each one of them has their own go-to-market
motion and supporting activity.

Operator

And our next question today comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg.

Gal Munda

Maybe the first one, just in terms of the raised ACV guidance that we're seeing. Again, you did a second
time in a row, kind of becoming material. I was just wondering what enabled you to do that? Is it this
trend that you've seen in SMB in Q3? Or -- and also coupled with strength in Asia that you mentioned? Or
is it just the outlook as you look into Q4? You mentioned the pipeline looks really strong in terms of what's
still to come in Q4 versus what you originally expected?

Nicole Anasenes
CFO & Senior VP of finance

Sure. So in Q3, we had a really strong Q3 as you point out with that strong double-digit growth. The Q3
ACV did come in line really close within our expectations. And so the raise on ACV in Q4 is really a function
of the improved momentum that has been building since the last time we shared guidance in August
across the board. And so what I would say is when you look at how we delivered year-to-date and in the
quarter, it's been pretty broad-based across industries and customers. And that's kind of a reflection of
what I would characterize the momentum in Q4. There's not any isolated one-off thing that is driving that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

view. It is more kind of an overall momentum building that you've been seeing as you rightly point out,
we've been able to raise throughout the year.

I mean, as you recall, in the beginning of the year, we still we're not sure whether -- what the kind of
dynamics around recovery were going to look like. And so we've been kind of sharing with you as we see
things ahead of us and systematically raising the expectations over time.

Gal Munda

That's very helpful. And then just as a follow-up, maybe, Ajei, to you. You mentioned Autodesk
partnerships that is expanding again, especially in terms of the electromagnetic introducing PCB
simulation within the Fusion 360 product. You've also worked closely with PTC on the CAD side with
Discovery Life and simulation. It's kind of a slightly different physics for each of the partners. Is there
a possibility that you start introducing more of the traditional physics solvers into the into the Otas
partnership? And vice versa, would you expand the PTC partnership with electromagnetic side as well?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think the -- look, at the end of the day, Gal, when you think about it, partnerships allow ANSYS
to really expand our market reach by leveraging what our partners bring to the table. They'll bring
complementary technology skills. They have a brand they can help us reach different customer segments
so that more people can benefit from simulation.

Partnering allows us to create a combined solution with a leading vendor. So at the end of the day,
customers can benefit from a more complete solution than either one of us can provide on our own. Now
key to our partnerships, and you'll see this all along, key to our partnerships is maintaining an open
ecosystem. So we're not about -- our partnerships are not about blocking things off, but are making things
available, opening things up. And our strategy and our products remain open so that customers can create
the optimal system to meet their needs.

So as you think about our partnership strategy, just think about that, we are open to trying to make sure
that we can leverage and work with our partners to make our customers benefit from the entirety of what
we can bring to bear because we have an open strategy. I can't comment about specifically any individual
partnership or the direction that it may go, but hopefully, you have some perspective of how we think
about partnerships.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Tyler Radke at Citi.

Tyler Maverick Radke
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Ajei, just a higher-level question for you. I mean, clearly, you put up a couple really strong quarters
here, and it sounds like the pipeline is really healthy into Q4. Just as we think about what's going on
more broadly with supply chain constraints and obviously putting pressure on kind of physical testing
requirements. How much of the strength do you think could be attributed to some of the supply chain and
just macro challenges that the customers are going through. And I guess -- Just curious if you feel like
this period is further evangelizing or potentially accelerating the need for simulation. In other words, do
you feel like this is kind of a new sustainable growth rate going forward?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Well, so let me address the question in 2 sort of time frames. One is you think about the short term. So in
the short term, supply chain disruptions may be affecting many businesses, but we're really not one of the
businesses that's affected by the supply chain. And the reason is, as I mentioned earlier, the use of our
software is tied to the design of products. It's tied to the R&D phase for the most part and not -- it's not
denominated by manufacturing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

So whether if a customer has challenges with the supply chain, and they can't produce as many units of
a particular product that's been designed with our technology. That doesn't affect our relationship with
the customer. They're already designing what that next product looks like, and they're working with our
engineers, or they're working with our technology to figure out what the future looks like.

So our customers continue to make investments during -- in R&D. And it's really not affected by the
supply chain in the short term, so we have no real short-term issues there. When you think about it
from a long-term perspective, and I think you're also alluding to this in your question, when you think
about the long-term perspective, companies, I think, around the globe are questioning exactly how they
need to think about their supply chains going forward. So will there be a change in the way they've been
thinking about the supply chains? And in some cases, you're seeing customers thinking about moving
manufacturing closer to where the final product is actually going to be used. This isn't necessarily building
factories in a more traditional way. In many cases, customers are thinking about building next-generation
factories where they have much more automation, robotics, next-generation manufacturing techniques.
All of these things are relevant for simulation. We're in a position -- we at ANSYS are in a position to help
our customers as they go through this rethinking process as they go through the design of these next-
generation capabilities as they start to think about advanced manufacturing techniques, materials as they
work through the simulation that goes with that, we're in a position to help them. And so we see this as a
long-term tailwind where we can help customers as they try to figure out what this next generation looks
like in their own evolution.

Operator

And our next question today comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

First question, Ajei. At the company's Ideas Conference last month hosted by our semiconductor business
unit, there were -- Two very interesting comments from management regarding the strategic vision that
ANSYS has. There was a reference to your becoming a "cloud first digital platform" as a foundation for
your future growth. That's from the presentation. Similarly, that you foresee a time of simulation platforms
and insights as a service. Again, that's a direct quote. So in thinking about your cloud future, was the
commentary at your conference meant to suggest that cloud is not just an adjunct or complement to what
you're doing today in terms of delivering technology but ultimately becomes the nexus of how you deliver
technology, perhaps not unlike what PTC discussed for itself on their call last night? And then as a follow-
up question, in light of the improving visibility in terms of pipeline and the like. Can you talk about the
investments you're making or planning to make in technical support and consulting that's typically your
-- or certainly lately, your second-highest number of open positions after R&D, and you look like you're
ramping up in that area. So maybe talk about those investments and the availability of the necessary
personnel for that function.

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Jay. So let me try to unpack your question, and let me start with the longer-term direction comment
that you asked -- And I think, look, you'll hear a lot more about strategic direction for -- and where we're
going over the next year and so on. Think of some of the comments that you heard as adembrating
some of the super exciting times that are ahead for ANSYS and our customers. You talked a little bit
about cloud. We've got ANSYS Cloud out there, which manages access to high-performance computing
resources. Just remember that many of our customers then cloud is about being able to access high-
performance computing at scale and enabling some of these larger, high-fidelity simulations to run at
scale. And so last quarter on this call, I talked about the scalability of some of our products that was
enabled by a customer for us with the technical university of Eindhoven where they had solved an
aerodynamic problem with something like 3 billion computational cells with 20 billion unknowns. And that
scalability is possible, of course, because of core technical advancements that we've done. So for example,
we sped up mesh generation by 20x, which is obviously a bottleneck in the creation of detailed simulation
of transient phenomena. But also, we were in a position to give access to cloud computing resources. And

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

in fact, just this week, Satya Nadella and his keynote at Microsoft Ignite, used the same example to show
what is possible on the ANSYS cloud platform, which is essentially ANSYS products running on Azure on
the world's most powerful AI supercomputer.

So that was one example, I think, of cloud that I'm excited about. We support flexible licensing models.
We support an elastic pay-as-you-go model. We support a hybrid model, which mixes and matches elastic
as well as lease licenses. And this year, we've continued to expand the number of products that we've
added into our cloud capabilities. For example, we've added in Edina, we've added in our Lumerical
products. We've added in SO2 certification. We've continued to improve our overall customer experience.
And we've also seen significant increases in cloud usage. So 1 of the ways that we monitor that, of course,
is by looking at core hours. And this year, year-to-date, we're seeing almost 4x as many core hours as
compared to this time last year. And we still haven't hit that inflection point.

So we believe that there is still much greater demand within our customer base. And we're watching our
customers. We're seeing where they're going, we're anticipating where they're going, and we're giving
them the opportunity to be able to drive some of the scale-out compute. So I'm really excited about where
we are with cloud and some of that capability. There was a number of other things, I'm sure that were
also mentioned in that conversation. Some of the things that we're excited about are the new capabilities
we have in our product. We've talked about AIML and how AIML supports our technology and simulation.
All of those are interrelated because the advances that we make in one area can be delivered to our
customers in other ways. And that allows us to be a more responsive vendor to our customers or partner
to our customers. It allows us to continue to drive leadership in the marketplace.

So that was the first question. What was the second question, Jay, with -- it was around...

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

Yes, the investments in technical consulting and support positions, which, as I noted, is typically your
second largest number of open positions after R&D.

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No. So I think if the question is, are we continuing to make investments in that area, that's absolutely
the case. We do continue to make investments in the area. We think our relationship that we have with
our customers at a technical level is something that our customers value. It gives us insight into the way
we work with our customers use our technology. And it's a 2-way street. We're in a position to help our
customers as they evolve. And certainly, we're in a position to take customer feedback and insight into
the next generation of our products coming in from the field. So I think we're excited and we continue to
make investments in those areas.

Operator

And our next question today comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Jason Vincent Celino
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Related to ZMAX, I'd be curious on how that acquisition came together. I know in the past, you said that
sometimes customers make requests and I was wondering if this was 1 of those instances. And then
maybe a quick follow-up. ZMAX contribution on an annual basis, is it fair to think it's $24 million to $26
million if we just annualize the contribution for Q4?

Nicole Anasenes
CFO & Senior VP of finance

Yes. So I can quickly answer that question and on the contribution. So we expect -- so we had -- as we
have said, we think it will have about $6 million to $8 million of ACV impact, the revenue impact this year,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

which will be offset by -- largely offset by currency. Next year, it's -- we're estimating an incremental
approximately $20 million in organic impact.

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

And as far as how the acquisition comes together, as I've said many times, acquisitions are not a strategy
unto themselves, acquisitions are in support of a strategy. And clearly, 1 of the areas that we have
continued to drive is the broadening of our multiphysics capability. As I mentioned in the call, we have
some leading optical simulation products and capabilities, but ZMAX obviously has been on our radar
for a while as an opportunity for us to be able to broaden and deepen our portfolio in that space. And I
think in the script, you heard me talk about our customers who are using all of the products and how the
technologies can work together to support their R&D efforts. And so this kind of technology fits right into
our go-to-market motion. Our salespeople are very familiar with being able to position technology of this
nature. So it's a very natural acquisition for us to conclude. We are excited about the technology. We're
excited about bringing those people on board.

Operator

Then our next question today comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Ajei, I wanted to touch on an announcement you guys made last month, the ANSYS and Apple safety
testing simulation module for MAXs? Apple obviously has a very large partner ecosystem. Should we
expect that this brings in a wave of new potential customers? Or is this simply additive to your existing
tech relationships?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

So I can't talk about what any specific company may on or may not do. But what I can tell you is that
we're really excited that we can make our technology available to customers who are not necessarily
experts in using simulation. Our strategy for simulation is to take simulation and make it more pervasive
across the product life cycle. And part of that is creating applications that are easier for non-engineers
to use. And so as part of our strategy, we're creating applications that include various elements of our
technology that can be integrated together to deliver a SaaS experience for our end users, wherein they
can simply invoke our technology under the covers, if you will, to solve specific problems.

So those are the kinds of applications that we are excited also about bringing to market. And those are
not those -- that's typically not an area that we've historically participated in, but we certainly see that as
being part of the overall strategy that we've driving of making simulation pervasive across the product life
cycle.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Really appreciate the color there. And Nicole, just wanted to touch on the higher mix of perpetual.
Is that simply a snapback of suppressed perpetual buying from 2020? Or is there some other element
causing a higher perpetual mix?

Nicole Anasenes
CFO & Senior VP of finance

Yes. No, I would characterize it as you recall, perpetual licenses during the pandemic did take quite a
significant hit, particularly in the first 3 quarters of last year. And so they did recover quite a bit in the
fourth quarter of last year, which is one of the reasons why that compares a little more challenging in Q4.
But customers continue to prefer time-based licensing models because it really enables them to be more
flexible as their needs evolve. And so over the past several years, the business model has really been

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

shifting away from perpetual licenses. If you look over longer periods of time, it's been pretty flat, and
the growth has been primarily through the acceleration of leases. And so that's really built a very strong
annuity business for us over the past 5 years and has been a very successful evolution of the business.
And so while we did see -- we are seeing kind of some of the of the compare effects in the first 3 quarters
of this year, we believe, over the long term, that the shift that customer -- we're seeing from customers is
going to continue towards that lease based licensing.

Operator

And our next question today comes from Blair Abernethy of Rosenblatt Securities.

Blair Harold Abernethy
Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division

Nice quarter, everyone. Just following on Jay's question around the cloud. Ajei, I was just wondering if
you can maybe help us understand where the customer interest lies right now in terms of cloud-based
simulation tools. So not just HPC, which has been in use for a long time. But are customers looking to shift
from on-prem to cloud with their tools and if they are sort of where are you seeing the traction out there?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

So we're seeing -- we're certainly seeing customers wanting to take more advantage of the cloud during
the -- and certainly, that happened during the pandemic when people were working remotely and didn't
have access -- as easy access to their offices. And that certainly drove some cloud usage. I mean, the
fact remains that we can give our customers who want to take advantage of our technology, we can
give our customers an experience where they have elastic compute driven from the cloud. It's a SaaS-
like experience. We can give them that using our elastic licensing capabilities. So that feels to them like
a SaaS experience. And similarly, we can give our access -- we can give our customers access to on-
premises technology in a lease model, which they've used for a while. So we give our customers a choice
of what they want to be in a position to do. ANSYS Cloud gives them that ability to support the need for
cloud compute, both from the solver perspective as well as scale up for HPC.

So it really is up to the customers and many of our customers have made investments that are that are
within their own building out data centers, so they take advantage -- they prefer to take advantage of
their own data centers. Some customers will look at the amount of data that they have to manage. I mean
when you think about a simulation, a complex multivariate simulation that's running across multiple or
multivarioptimization could result in terabytes of information. And so, so then there's a question of where
do you store that information and how do you keep it? Do you move it from one cloud to another. What is
their standard model.

So it's not simply a matter of moving parts into the cloud. It's really thinking holistically from the part of
the customers on where and how they want to make this transition because it's an entire workflow that's
across multiple vendors that needs to be managed. And I think we're very well positioned. Our technology
is ready for the cloud. We're very well positioned. We're excited about our capabilities. And it really is a
matter of meeting the customers as and when they're ready.

Operator

And our next question today comes from Jackson Ader with JPMorgan.

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Actually, just if we can follow up on -- I mean, I know there's been a lot of questions on the cloud, but
if we think about -- if there are more deals that shift to either the ANSYS Cloud or maybe through your
partnership with Microsoft, how would that actually impact the revenue line items? And is there any kind
of a difference in recognition depending on where the cloud deployment is?

Nicole Anasenes

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

CFO & Senior VP of finance

Yes. I mean, I would say that the part of the business that is -- that customers are using on the cloud
itself is very small and immaterial. The vast majority of the use case is around seamless access to HPC
capacity and other capacity outside the cloud, which has no impact on our current -- it's exactly the same
revenue recognition model that we have in the -- whether it's a lease or perpetual license because their
entitlements would be separate from that usage.

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

And the way we built our product, Jackson, is that customers can bring their own licenses, right? So it
turns -- you can seamlessly take advantage of both ANSYS cloud compute capabilities as well as you can
take advantage of license running on premises. And so the fact that we give you the flexibility of managing
that, that's what customers are looking for. And so we're not asking them to give up their investments
in their on-prem compute. If they've got that, that's great, they can take advantage of that. And in
addition, they can take advantage of cloud. Or if they want to choose to completely take advantage of the
cloud, they can do that too. So that flexibility is what customers are looking for, and we're in a position to
support them with that.

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That makes sense. And then a follow-up on Dyna. So the use cases that we're kind of talking about
here are different and are expanded from what we probably would have thought when you first acquired
elastin, right down the middle crash and impact, is the malleability of the Dyna solver specific to Dyna? Or
is this also something that like other solver portfolios can do, they can kind of be flexible outside of their
core use case?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'm not sure what you mean by the mall ability. I think that, firstly, Dyna provided an explicit analysis
capability into the portfolio, which obviously has use cases -- a wide variety of use cases. And we've
continued to expand those use cases within the ANSYS portfolio as we've integrated the technologies
together and combine both explicit and implicit capabilities. It broadens the addressable opportunity. So
that's obviously the case.

I think perhaps you might be referring to the announcement we -- the comment I made about Fujitsu. And
I think in that, what is important to recognize is that the Dyna solver is available on the Fujitsu machine
on their prime HPC supercomputer. And essentially, because that machine is efficient, we can help our
customers because they are supporting diner on the -- they're supporting their large-scale Dyna runs on
the Fujitsu hardware platform, and that's more efficient because they can offload some of their simulation
workload on to an efficient compute platform. So that was the point on that piece. And hopefully, that
clarifies the comment about Fujitsu.

Kelsey DeBriyn
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. That's all the time we have. I'm going to turn it over to Ajei for some closing comments.

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kelsey. So I'm really excited about our excellent execution, broad customer base and our robust
pipeline. Our customers' reliance on simulation the strengthening of the small and medium business
market and our ability to close large contracts only add to that excitement and give me further confidence
as we look to close out 2021. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our
partners for their continued support. And a special thank you to my ANSYS colleagues. You have my

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

gratitude for delivering yet another strong quarter. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Enjoy
the rest of your day.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending
today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

