ANSYS, Inc. NasdaqGS:ANSS
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.26

1.36

Revenue  (mm)

365.67

369.13

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-05-2020 11:10 AM GMT

7.94

0.95

2.50

6.11

6.95

531.32

1613.07

1789.03

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.99

0.79

1.16

1.26

2.24

0.83

1.55

1.36

12.56 %

5.06 %

33.62 %

7.94 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Annette N. Arribas
Global Investor Relations &
Insurance Officer

Maria T. Shields
CFO and Senior VP of Finance &
Administration

ANALYSTS

Adam Charles Borg
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Gal Munda
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jason Vincent Celino
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Tyler Maverick Radke
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Senior Executive Officer; Maria Shields, SVP and Chief
Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I would like
to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks. Please proceed.

Annette N. Arribas
Global Investor Relations & Insurance Officer

Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to
our third quarter Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website.
They

contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our third quarter financial results
and business update as well as our Q4 and updated fiscal year 2020 outlook and the key underlying
quantitative and qualitative assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks
and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our
future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via
our website. We note that the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our performance could cause actual
results to differ materially from our projections. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be
considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our
business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS
undertakes no obligation to update any such information.

During the call and in the prepared remarks, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless
otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to
the comparable non-GAAP financial measures is included in this morning's earnings release materials and
related Form 8-K.

I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q3 was another strong quarter for ANSYS, meeting
or beating our financial guidance on all key metrics. Our performance demonstrates that our core value
proposition of helping organizations increase their top line while driving bottom line savings continues to
resonate with the market. I'm excited that the demand for ANSYS' multiphysics solutions is strong and
growing and is furthering our strategy of making simulation pervasive across the product life cycle. Based
on our year-to-date performance, and the strength of our pipeline for the fourth quarter, we are increasing
both the high end and the midpoint of our 2020 guidance for ACV, revenue and EPS. Maria will have the
details in a few minutes.

Our prepared remarks document has details about the quarter, but let me provide some regional
perspective. We anticipate that the Americas will be our strongest region for the full year. From a quarterly
perspective, Asia Pacific was strong in Q3, with Japan leading the way, reflecting our ongoing progress
towards multiphysics multiyear lease deals. We expect EMEA to show good growth in Q4 driven by the
timing of larger deals.

During Q3, our enterprise and strategic account program continue to show strength, with approximately
50% of our Q3 ACV coming from our top 100 customers. I'm excited that we closed a 5-year $72 million
lease with a North American enterprise customer, our largest agreement in the quarter and the second
largest in the history of the company. This deal results in ACV in revenue in Q3 and primarily in Q4 and
comes after the almost $100 million sale that we announced last quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

We saw continued headwinds this quarter with small and medium businesses across geographies,
consistent with what we have previously communicated. From an industry point of view, the high-tech
automotive and ground transportation and aerospace and defense sectors continue to be our strongest
performance for the full year.

On our past calls, I have given some additional color around particular aspects of our business. Today, I
will discuss our successes in the aerospace and defense vertical. AMD is ANSYS' second largest sector at
about 18% of our trailing 12 months ACV. Although the pandemic has impacted commercial air travel, we
continue to see spending in the sector, thanks to important strategic initiatives. These include eco-friendly
fuel-efficient engines, Space 2.0 initiatives such as rocket design and satellite deployments and national
defense.

I would like to highlight 2 important Q3 deals in which companies will use ANSYS simulation to develop
eco-friendlier aircraft engines. These companies are relying on ANSYS to improve engine efficiency,
reduce engine weight and avoid fuel inefficient overdesign. The first agreement was with Honeywell,
which is using ANSYS simulation to automate its engineering workflows to maximize operational efficiency
and drive process improvements. As a result, Honeywell will benefit from product-wide traceability and
reusability while significantly cutting development cycle times.

The second was with a major aircraft engine manufacturer that is investing $34 million over the next 5
years to standardize on ANSYS to achieve its vision of developing next-generation engines at lower cost.

Space 2.0 companies are democratizing space by launching satellites and astronauts into orbit, and they
are embracing the use of simulation to develop better products and to make smarter decisions faster.
Firefly Aerospace, one of the more than 1,000 companies that have benefited from the ANSYS startup
program, recently announced that it has realized about $15 million in savings from using our simulation
for critical tasks leading to a design that can withstand the extreme conditions of lift off, flight and space
travel.

We are seeing ongoing investments in multiphysics simulation by government agencies and defense
contractors, which are trying to solve next-generation problems in the interest of national security. These
organizations are turning to ANSYS because of our simulation leadership and advanced multiphysics
capabilities.

In Q3, we saw investment from a large North American defense contractor for the design of an advanced
aircraft optical sensor. To help calibrate sensor algorithms to reduce noise and blurriness due to high-
speed air flow, our team developed and deployed a fully coupled aero-optical solution. This competitive
win was possible not only because of ANSYS' multiphysics leadership, but also because of the unparalleled
accuracy of our products. ANSYS simulations eliminated 8 weeks of testing for the company, lowering test
costs by 60% and increasing engineering productivity by up to 15% using the new workflow.

We signed another multimillion dollar Q3 deal, this time with a government agency to use ANSYS to design
chips that are more secure. This organization is relying on an important multiphysics breakthrough by
ANSYS R&D, in which simulation can be used to help chip designers prevent hard-to-detect side channel
attacks. Specifically, the new ANSYS offering, which is deployed and runs on the customers procure
private cloud, enables chip and system designers to simulate and measure their vulnerability to security
attacks while the chip is being designed. As an aside, this organization was amongst the first customers to
serve the needs of its users and prime contractors using an ANSYS private cloud, that is ANSYS products
deployed and running on a shared secured infrastructure.

Let me move from customers to acquisitions. Last week, we announced our intent to acquire AGI, a
pioneer and leader in the analysis and simulation of missions, such as satellite launches, national defense
and certain rescue operations. ANSYS has not traditionally participated in this area, which is growing due
to the increasing number of missions. Historically, customer needs were partially addressed by commercial
software with multiple applications or by in-house codes.

AGI has a purpose-built solution for mission analysis and simulation and has become a leading firm in this
area. By combining forces with AGI, we will be able to address a broader opportunity called digital mission

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

engineering, which combines mission simulation and analysis from AGI and component and system-level
simulation from ANSYS. Our combined portfolio will enable customers to simulate up and down the stack,
starting at the chip level and going all the way up to the customer's entire mission, thereby increasing the
likelihood of success and saving customers' time, money and other crucial resources.

You may remember that we formed a partnership with AGI last year, and one of the results of that alliance
was a connection between its products and ANSYS HFSS, our flagship electromagnetic solver. Several
large customers are using both companies' products together. One large prime contractor, for example,
uses AGI software to track the radar visibility and signal availability between various mission assets and
then employs ANSYS HFSS to analyze the quality of that visibility and connectivity.

Here is another example to make it more concrete. The use of simulation to plan the successful
deployment of a new telecommunication satellite. First, AGI's mission and orbital simulation capabilities
can help ensure that the launch and the orbit of the new satellite avoids the collision with other objects
in space. Furthermore, the combination of AGI's capabilities and ANSYS HFSS can simulate the relative
position and communications capabilities of the satellite to other orbiting telecommunication satellites and
to terrestial base stations to help ensure that the satellite will perform as expected when deployed.

We will be in a position to share more with you about our plans with AGI after the transaction closes.
Before I turn the call over to Maria, I'd like to discuss 2 important topics: the ANSYS Cloud offering and
our commitment to ESG.

ANSYS Cloud, which enables our customers to access high-performance computing in the public cloud,
it's critically important with so many customers continuing to work remotely during the pandemic.
ANSYS Cloud is built on our close collaboration with Microsoft and its Azure platform. Today, ANSYS cloud
customers can use the majority of our mechanical, fluids, and electromagnetics products on the latest and
highest performance compute and networking infrastructure available in the market.

Furthermore, ANSYS cloud supports flexible consumption models, lowering the barrier to entry for
customers. These include an elastic pay-as-you-go model that gives users fast access to ANSYS products
and high-performance computing infrastructure in Azure for greatest convenience, a bring-your-own
license model that allows customers to use their existing ANSYS lease licenses, thus preserving their
existing investments and a hybrid model that enables customers to mix and match elastic and lease
licenses for greatest flexibility.

The demand for ANSYS Cloud continues to increase with usage doubling in the last 6 months. For
example, joint ANSYS Microsoft customer, Rockwell Automation, is using ANSYS Cloud to accelerate
its product development processes. The company has reduced simulation run times by 50%, enabling
users to solve larger problems more accurately. Whilst we are excited about our public cloud offering
and encouraged by our rapid progress, it is important to note that the majority of our customers view
ANSYS products on-premises in their own data centers or in private cloud such as the government agency
I mentioned earlier. As such, we expect our ANSYS cloud offering will remain a relatively small piece of our
business for the foreseeable future.

Finally, we are continuing to advance our environmental, social and governance programs. In Q3, we
submitted our 2020 climate change report to CDP, which helps us identify our internal environmental risks
and opportunities. This information is available on our Investor Relations website. We are also analyzing
the benefits in environmental sustainability that our solutions enable for our customers and plan to make
that information publicly available when ready.

To summarize, Q3 was another strong quarter, thanks to great execution from our global team of
dedicated employees and channel partners. Our compelling value proposition of helping customers to
decrease costs while spurring top line growth continues to gain traction in the market. Those factors,
combined with our close customer relationships, the power of ANSYS products and the strength of our
pipeline gives us continued confidence as we work to deliver against our objectives for the remainder of
2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financials for Q3 as well as the details
around our outlook and the assumptions for the remainder of the year. Maria?

Maria T. Shields
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Administration

Thank you, Ajei. Hello, everyone. We're very pleased to report another quarter of strong financial
performance, driven by the team's ongoing focus on execution. I'll walk through an overview of the Q3
financial highlights and then add some additional qualitative and quantitative color around our outlook,
and key assumptions for the final quarter of 2020. Before I begin, I'd like to take a moment to again say
thank you to the ANSYS team. As part of our efforts to keep employees safe and healthy, most of our
colleagues continue to work from home throughout the third quarter. And as we previously communicated,
this will continue to be the case throughout the remainder of 2020.

Our Q3 results reflect the stability of the ANSYS business model, even in the backdrop of a prolonged
global pandemic, we finished the quarter with total revenue of $369 million or constant currency revenue
growth of 5%, and operating margin and EPS results that were both above the high end of our Q3
guidance. Consistent with the first half of the year, our revenue in Q3 was driven by solid sales execution.
Other key financial metrics for the third quarter continue to be strong with ACV of $305 million, of which
78% is coming from recurring sources. This is a new record for Q3 with respect to both total ACV and the
percent that is attributable to recurring sources.

Q3's results reflect the continued trend in strong lease sales that we've been experiencing throughout
2020, with a 10% increase in lease license revenue. This, combined with high renewal rates on
maintenance contracts, contributed to building our deferred revenue and backlog to a Q3 record total of
$880 million, a 35% increase over last year's comparable balance. The solid top line results, combined
with our focus on fiscal discipline, helped to drive a third quarter gross margin of 89% and an operating
margin of 39.8%, which finished above the high end of our Q3 guidance.

In line with the plans that we communicated last quarter, we continue to manage our business at reduced
levels of discretionary spending, particularly in the category of business travel and entertainment. While
we also continue to manage the business at a reduced pace of hiring, we did increase our employee base
by 143 employees in the third quarter. The net result was third quarter EPS of $1.36, which finished above
the high end of our guidance and which benefited from the combination of the solid revenue results and
ongoing fiscal discipline.

With respect to taxes, our effective tax rate in Q3 was 19.5%, which is the rate that we expect for the
remainder of 2020. We further strengthened our cash and balance sheet position in the third quarter, with
cash flow from operations that totaled $94.5 million, and we closed the quarter with a total of $845 million
in cash and short-term investments. We remain confident that we have ample liquidity to continue to
progress against our long-term strategy, while at the same time, remaining cognizant of the uncertainties
that exist in the current business climate.

Now let me move on to the topic of guidance. Coming off another strong finish in Q3, combined with
our current outlook regarding the strength of the pipeline of opportunities for the balance of 2020, we
are increasing both the high end and the midpoint of our ACV, revenue and earnings outlook for the full
year. Let me just add that we have excluded the impact of the AGI acquisition from our updated guidance
because the closing date is not certain. To the extent that the deal closes in the fourth quarter as we
expect, the impact on our non-GAAP financial results will be immaterial.

Now let me move on to the specifics of our outlook. For Q4, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of
$542 million to $582 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.36 to $2.67. For the full year, we are
increasing our outlook to non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.610 billion to $1.650 billion, or constant
currency growth in the range of 5% to 7% and EPS in the range of $6.09 to $6.40. We are also increasing
our full year 2020 ACV outlook to a range of $1.555 billion to $1.590 billion, or constant currency ACV
growth of 6% to 8%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

With respect to the remainder of the year, we expect a similar business environment in Q4 to what we
experienced in Q3. That being said, we have a pipeline of enterprise customers with scheduled renewals
for multiyear leases and with whom we are in active negotiations as part of their process of planning their
R&D spend commitments for the remainder of the year and beyond.

In line with what we've experienced since the health crisis first began in late Q1, we expect that the
effects of the pandemic will continue to adversely impact our levels of new business, particularly in the
SMB space and disproportionately affecting perpetual licenses. Our outlook for the remainder of the
year factors in everything that we are currently aware of with respect to ongoing trade discussions and
customer sentiment across our geographically and industry diverse customer base. It also reflects an
increase in sales and third-party commissions as we head into the largest ACV quarter of the year.

With respect to annual operating cash flow, we are maintaining our outlook for 2020 in the range of
$435 million to $475 million. This is reflective of our current view on full year ACV, revenue, profitability
estimates and tax payments. We have also factored into our outlook, the adverse impact of customer
payments that will be delayed into 2021 because of extended payment terms negotiated on new contracts
and delayed payments on existing contracts.

We are maintaining our estimate of these payment related negative impacts by 2020 operating cash flow
to be in the range of $15 million to $25 million. Our outlook on operating cash flow also takes into account
a recent unfavorable tax assessment, which we are estimating, will have a negative impact of $10 million
in 2020, the majority of which is expected to be recaptured in 2021's cash flow.

Looking ahead to Q4, we are expecting operating margin in the range of 47.5% to 49.5%, and for the full
year, in line with our previous outlook, we're expecting to finish the year with industry-leading operating
margins in the range of 41% to 42%.

Further details around specific currency rates and other key quantitative and qualitative assumptions that
have been factored into our outlook for Q4 and 2020 are contained in the prepared remarks document.
Consistent with our standard practice, we will provide detailed 2021 guidance once we finalize our 2021
annual planning process and close out 2020.

We are very fortunate to finish Q3 with strong financial and operational results. These results are a
testament to both the resiliency of the ANSYS business model and to the tenacity and dedication of our
employees, customers and partners. In closing, we are also very excited about the pending acquisition of
Analytical Graphic. As you saw in the recent press release announcing the deal, we will pay $700 million
for AGI, with its shareholders receiving 67% in the purchase price in cash and 33% in ANSYS common
stock. We expect to finalize closing later in Q4.

With respect to 2021, we expect the deals to contribute an additional $75 million to $85 million of non-
GAAP revenue, and then it will be modestly accretive to non-GAAP EPS. This acquisition is yet another
milestone in our continued deployment of capital to grow and expand our business and our leadership in
this exciting and growing market.
Operator, we're now ready to open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from Tyler Radke of Citi.

Tyler Maverick Radke
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

I wanted to ask you just a little bit more about the -- your confidence level heading into Q4. It seems
like from kind of the qualitative commentary, you're expecting somewhat of a continuation of the deal
environment that you saw in Q3. And if my math is right, it suggests that you're expecting to grow ACV
stronger than, I think, mid-teens, which is stronger than you've grown ACV in a number of years. So
maybe just talk about what's behind the confidence in such a strong Q4 forecast? Are there deals that
got pushed out of Q3 that you expect to close in Q4? Just give us a sense of what you're seeing in the
pipeline?

Maria T. Shields
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Administration

Yes. So Tyler, thank you for the question. With respect to -- I'll just comment on Q3. Q3 played out largely
in line with what we had expected, no real surprises there. Q4, as we've been saying, quite frankly, all
year long, the year was going to be very back-end loaded, and that is just a result of all of the multiyear
leases that are scheduled for renewal in Q4. And we have a high level of confidence based on not only
what we've been able to execute upon in the first 9 months of the year, but more importantly, these are
relationships with long standing customers, of which we've grown our footprint and the importance and
criticality of simulation to their R&D and product life cycle. So we're highly confident and we know we've
got a great team, and we've demonstrated in the first 9 months that we're able to engage with customers
and to close large deals. And so that's what gives us the confidence that we've got a strong pipeline.
We've got good visibility into the quarter. And compared to where we were in August, we've obviously
been in active conversations with a number of these customers. And so all of that is what gives us the
confidence in the increased outlook that we put up this morning.

Operator

And our next question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Ajei or Maria, maybe to put a finer point on what Tyler was asking. Just wondering, did you guys see
anything in the underlying KPIs that gave you this higher confidence in terms of whether it's pipeline
conversion, sales cycles shortening and uptick in new business? Just from our end, with the macro still
a little soft, would just love to get a sense for kind of what you guys see internally that gives you this
elevated confidence?

Maria T. Shields
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Administration

Yes. What I would say is, Ken, no different than what we've seen all year. As I said, if you listen to the
script, while we see an impact in SMB and some of the new business, when it comes to these renewals,
now that we've shifted away from a perpetual model to a lease model, the reality is the customers need
to make sure that we close those deals in Q4 so that they can continue to have access to the technology
that's critical to their R&D process. So it's the visibility, it's the ongoing relationship and it's the critical
nature of what we provide to our customers that continue to give us confidence that we've got a strong
pipeline and that Q4 is going to be, quite frankly, the largest quarter in the company's history.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

And from an operational execution perspective, just to add on to what Maria said, if you look at Q2, for
example, we closed the largest deal in the history of the company while everyone was working from
home, at a time, when I think people had a much more bearish view of the situation with the coronavirus,
as perhaps we're seeing in the market right now. And if you look at Q3, we just -- as you heard in the
comments, we announced a closing of a very large deal, the second largest in the history of the company.
And once again, with people working from home. So that gives you some perspective for our ability to
execute in this environment. And that'll give you some perspective about the nature of the relationships
that we have with our customers.

And as Maria was saying, when we have these large deals, it is not just an opportunity for us to renew
the existing business, it's an opportunity for us to sell more new ACV and new capabilities, and we're able
to do that, and we've demonstrated that through the year, and we are -- and that's the reason for our
confidence in the fourth quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jackson Ader of JP Morgan.

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just following up, Ajei, on the large deals you just mentioned. I think both of them in the second and third
quarter was 5-year deals. Is maybe the lengthening of contracts becoming something that you're seeing
a key theme as you're getting these deals across the finish line? The backlog and combined backlog and
long-term backlog and incurred revenues is a far more than revenue growth in the quarter. So just curious
if you're seeing lengthening contract terms from all areas of your business?

Maria T. Shields
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Administration

Yes. So Jack, what I'd say is those 5-year deals are still an anomaly. And what I'd say is if you look at
the particular customers that have decided to extend the 5-year deals, some of them are already 2 or 3
cycles into these leases, these multiyear leases. And so they've got a lot more confidence and they also
tend to be in verticals where the product lifestyle -- life cycles are much longer and they've been using
simulation for much longer than some of the customers. So the combination of all those factors is what's
really driving them to have the confidence to extend the term. So that they can plan accordingly, and we
can work with them on successful deployment of particularly new technologies that they're trying to roll
out across their R&D teams.

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. Then just a quick follow-up. Given the election fresh in everybody's minds and maybe
some talk about some infrastructure spending, how exposed do you guys feel that the ANSYS portfolio has
to increase infrastructure spending here in the U.S.?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Well, look, I mean, I think the -- what we've given you in terms of guidance is essentially based on the
view that we have into our pipeline and the forecast that we've gotten from our teams. So that's very
concrete. It's not speculative based on potential directions that investment may or may not go. So I mean
what we're giving is a very, very specific concrete way of thinking about our business. Obviously, if there
continues to be more investment in areas where people are using more technology, more equipment, that
obviously translates into a tailwind for ANSYS, that's obviously the case. But we haven't factored in any
hypothetical incremental investment in infrastructure for our Q4 analysis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Operator

And our next question comes from Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Jason Vincent Celino
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

The acquisition of AGI, space seems to be a new frontier for you guys. But maybe can you talk about
maybe the split of recurring revenue for that business and have there any perpetual revenue or services?
And maybe how fast that company was growing before the upcoming acquisition, I know there's a lot of
synergy but maybe come back in a little bit?

Maria T. Shields
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Administration

Yes. So Jason, what I'll say is it was a private company that perhaps U.S. GAAP was not exactly how
they kept track with their books and records as we do as a public company. And we didn't spend a lot
of time going back and trying to recreate what their GAAP results would look like. They were growing,
they were profitable, and absolutely, we are very excited about the opportunity to extend our presence in
aerospace and defense, particularly as you think about over the course of the next decade, where a lot of
that spend is going to be coming from. I mean the amount of investment that the private sector is putting
into space is incredible and satellite in all of these mission-critical systems where the synergy between
the technology that AGI has and our technology, as demonstrated from the early successes we saw in
our partnership, we are very excited about the long-term opportunity to marry that business with ANSYS
business and to expand our presence in that important and growing vertical.

Operator

And our next question comes from Gal Munda of Berenberg Capital Markets.

Gal Munda
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

I've got one just kind of a follow-up on the deals that you're reviewing over the next quarter and the next
few years. Can you just talk to us a little bit about the potential, when you negotiate these deals, how do
they work hard in terms of the land and in terms of the uplift that you're seeing, maybe you can talk us
for kind of a typical deal, if that -- if such things exist? And are they linear in terms of spend? Or are you
seeing kind of a ramp progression as clients expect to use more of your portfolio over time when that kind
of larger contract is signed?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I don't think there's a one-size-fits-all that you can really apply to these deals, especially when you're
dealing with larger customers, using multiple product lines. A lot of the opportunity within the account
depends on the nature of the programs that customers have. In some cases, they have activities or
programs where they're using simulation, and you can really see the growth of the use of simulation, and
that's kind of factored into the way the deal is structured. And in some cases -- in a multiyear deal. And in
some cases, you'll see the desire not just to increase the number of users, but maybe to bring on a new
technology and start to work and add a new technology capability to that. So it really -- there's no one-
size-fits-all. But what we try to do when we sit down with our customers and work through the details of a
multiyear deal is to really understand the demand dynamics within the customer. We usually have a pretty
good sense of where the usage is. What they'd like to try to accomplish, map that against our capabilities,
and then that's how we find the basis of a conversation in the agreement.

Gal Munda
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Got you. So just to kind of follow-up on that. Do you think that when you sign $70 million or $100 million
deal, is that -- is it a linear kind of expense? Or does it have the ACV itself doesn't just average out over

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

the years because of the fact that they might be ramping up more over the years when you expect more
users to come onboard, is that a fair assumption?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

I think, as I said, there's nothing that we can give you that's standard for every single deal. It will vary
on a deal-by-deal basis. And so the objective -- our objective is to make sure that we can satisfy our
customers' needs by getting them as much technology as they can take advantage of. And in many cases,
you'll see customer usage varying on programs, and in some cases, wrapping up. And so that's really
reflected in this. I cannot tell you on a one-size-fits-all because it's very bespoke on a case-by-case basis.

Operator

And our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

Ajei, starting with you a technology question, stemming from your conference back in June Simulation
World and then more recently, the Semiconductor Conference. And then tying that into the AGI
acquisition, so there were a number of references at your events that got my attention, having to do with
what we described as ANSYS domain-specific applications and industry solutions, and so the question
is, should we expect more and more over time, more explicit dedicated domain-specific applications
or industry solutions as commented on at your conferences? And then tying that into AGI, you use the
interesting phrase that it's purpose-built. And I'm wondering if there might be some more earthbound
applications rather than just space, for example, wouldn't autonomous vehicles have the same use case
that, let's say, satellites in terms of interactions and controlling missions and the like? And then just for
Maria, going back to your hiring comments, what catalysts or conditions would you need to see to widen
that aperture back open some more? I mean, right now, you're running in terms of your openings, around
3% of headcount, you've typically been 5% or more of your headcount in open rec, so what do you need
to see before you open that up some more?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Okay. So let me start, Jay, with the -- the first part of your -- the first part of your first -- the first part
of your question, let me start with that one. Look, you're absolutely right to observe that. We have been
able to bring integrated multiphysics capabilities to market to address the needs of our customers. We've
talked about 5G, we've talked about electrification. These are all capabilities that require multiple physics
working together, a true multiphysics capability with a workflow and integrated data flow and automation
that goes with that. Rotating machinery, for example, there are many examples that we can point to.

The infrastructure that we've built within our portfolio not only the world-class solvers and physics
capabilities that we have with the infrastructure that we've built with Minerva, with our platform
capabilities around EMEA and so forth, have all given us the ability to much more effectively and rapidly
integrate these solutions or these technologies together to address the needs of customers. And so you're
starting to see some of these domain-specific solutions being made available because it's so much easier
to be able to integrate our technologies together to create this multiphysics capability. So absolutely,
you should see more of that. The side effect of that is it becomes easier to integrate active acquired
technologies into our portfolio as well.

The second part of your question was, you made the observation that mission simulation and connecting
that with component level and system-level simulation, you made the observation that there may be other
use cases other than space and satellite. And the answer, of course, is if there's certainly other use cases
that one could imagine, telecommunications, for example, 5G infrastructure, you mentioned autonomous
vehicles, these are all potential future opportunities that we would have to export to evaluate whether
those would be opportunities for us to engage with.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Maria T. Shields
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Administration

And Jay, with respect to the hiring comments, what I'd say is as you know, we've reduced our planned
spend early in the year when the pandemic began to impact the business. And with the recent extended
lockdowns in EMEA, in certain parts of the United States, we just think there's still enough volatility and
uncertainty that it makes more sense for us to continue to be prudent in our hiring and in other things
that are not critical to the long-term success of the business. And additionally, as we think about Q4, our
plans are to go ahead and close AGI, which will add a couple of hundred new employees into the ANSYS
family.

So I would think much more certainty around the pace of recovery in the overall global economy would
make us much more comfortable to perhaps return to a more rapid pace of investments, as you saw
perhaps in 2018 or 2019. But right now, I think it's a little bit too early for us to pull the trigger on more
increased investments, particularly in the hiring front, given that, that's 70% of our spend.

Operator

And our next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel,

Adam Charles Borg
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Just on the ANSYS Cloud. It seems like your recent partnership announcement with Microsoft was a nice
expansion. I guess I'm thinking in terms of the new physics as well as the go-to-market offerings or the
joint go-to-market efforts. I'm just curious, if there -- are there any technical limitations to bringing the
rest of your simulation portfolio over to ANSYS Cloud? I know, Ajei, you mentioned, you've continued
to expand. Are there any limitation, bringing the rest of it over? And I guess as a follow-up, are our
customers asking about ANSYS cloud-like offering that may run on top of AWS or GCP, just given their
unique needs?

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Firstly, we have customers who are using ANSYS technology on multiple hyperscaler infrastructures. And
that's the reality of the situation today. The ANSYS cloud offering per se, the one that we take to market
is running on top of Azure. And there really isn't any fundamental restriction on the capabilities that we
could make available on ANSYS Cloud. We have our flagships on ANSYS Cloud, and we will continue to add
capabilities to that -- to the cloud offering as it makes sense. So it's -- you should look to us to continue
to make investments in ANSYS Cloud. You should look to more capabilities in there. But we have to be
cognizant of the fact that, as I've explained in my comments, we have to be cognizant of the fact that our
customers, for the most part, are still running on-premises in their own data centers or in private clouds.
And our objective is to make sure that our technology is there. It's available and ready to go. And as and
when the customers are ready, we're able to support them with ANSYS Cloud.

Adam Charles Borg
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

That's great. And maybe just a quick follow-up for Maria. Just a bit of housekeeping. Could you just
comment -- and I'm sorry if I missed it, but could you comment on the inorganic contribution to both
revenue and ACV, not just for this quarter but expectations for 4Q?

Maria T. Shields
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Administration

Yes. So for Q3 and the first 9 months, it's about 6%, and for the full year, Adam, it's about 5%.

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Our next question is going to come from Saket Kalia of Barclays.

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Most of mine have been answered, but maybe for you, Maria, just off the last question. Good to see that
increase in ACV versus the prior guide you provided last quarter. Can you just remind us how much of that
increase is coming from changes in FX recently? And maybe just also remind us what the new ACV guide
reflects in terms of organic constant currency growth?

Maria T. Shields
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Administration

Yes. So Saket, what I would say is currency did not play a factor in our -- increasing our outlook for the
key metrics that we were able to increase. The rate are basically within the ranges that we used when we
guided in August. It's really the increased visibility and strength of the pipeline that were the underlying
factor in our deciding to go ahead and increase our outlook now that we are actually in Q4 and have much
greater insight into the likelihood and probability of those deals closing. And for the full year, inorganic
contribution was 5%.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the conference back over for any
closing remarks.

Ajei S. Gopal
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, operator. As I think about the remainder of the year, I'm excited by our continued execution
by diverse customer base and our strong pipeline. Our customers continue to rely upon simulation and
our ability to close large deals remotely only adds to that excitement and confidence. In closing, I would
like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their continued support. And
a special thank you to my ANSYS colleagues around the world, your work continues to inspire. You have
my gratitude for delivering another strong quarter. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Please
enjoy the rest of the day.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ANSYS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

