Aon Plc NYSE:AON
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 30, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.48

1.53

Revenue  (mm)

2322.04

2385.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-30-2020 12:13 PM GMT

3.38

2.71

2.49

9.64

10.64

2858.47

10906.00

11334.34

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.47

3.66

1.92

1.48

2.53

3.68

1.96

1.53

2.43 %

0.55 %

2.08 %

3.38 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance &
CFO

Eric Andersen
President

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

ANALYSTS

David Anthony Styblo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to Aon Plc's Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] I would also like to remind all parties that this call is being recorded. If anyone has
an objection, you may disconnect your line at this time.

It is important to note that some of the comments in today's call may constitute certain statements
that are forward-looking in nature as defined by the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Such
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from historical results or those anticipated. Information concerning risk factors that could cause such
differences are described in the press release covering our third quarter 2020 results as well as having
been posted on our website.

Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Greg Case, CEO of Aon Plc.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Thanks very much, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. I'm joined
virtually by Christa Davies, our CFO; and Eric Andersen, our President. As in previous quarters, we posted
a detailed financial presentation on our website.

Let's begin by thanking our Aon colleagues for their extraordinary focus and dedication in supporting
clients and each other. What they do every day is exceptional, whether it's building strong lasting
relationships with clients as we also navigate these complex times. By the way, our Aon colleagues come
together to collaborate and innovate in ways that are helping us build an even stronger firm. Really
tremendous work by the Aon team around the world.

Turning to our performance. In the third quarter, we delivered strong results that once again demonstrate
the resilience of our business and strength of our Aon Business Services platform. Organic revenue growth
was flat overall, reflecting strength in the core areas of our portfolio and ongoing expected pressure in the
more discretionary areas.

We saw continued strength in Reinsurance Solutions with 13% organic revenue growth, driven by strong
net new business generation and double-digit growth in treaty, facultative and capital markets.

Commercial risk delivered modest growth of 2%, with strength in the core and continued pressure in more
discretionary areas.

Health Solutions growth was 1%. Modest growth internationally, partially offset by pressure in the U.S.,
which reflects ongoing headwinds in the global economy and lower employment levels.

Retirement Solutions and Data & Analytics Services both experienced organic revenue declines as we saw
expected pressure in more discretionary businesses like human capital, travel and events.

As we assess our revenue outlook for Q4, the primary theme is continued uncertainty in the global
economy, that many governments consider new restrictions in response to increases in COVID-19 cases,
while government stimulus remains uncertain.

In evaluating Q4 revenue expectations, 2 points are important. First, given the seasonality of our
business, we have a larger portion of more discretionary revenue occurring in Q4, so the pressure on
organic will be more significant than in prior quarters. For example, areas like construction and transaction
liability within Commercial Risk recognize revenue when shovels hit the ground and deals are closed. As
expected, we're seeing pressure in these larger investments in the current environment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

In addition, organic revenue growth in Q4 last year was exceptional at 7% overall. As we highlighted last
year, this includes double-digit growth in transaction liability as well as double-digit growth in voluntary
health benefits, 2 areas of the more discretionary portions of our business that are sitting larger in Q4.

Second and importantly, we believe these headwinds are temporary and reflect pressure from current
economic conditions. We're confident in the strong underlying fundamentals of our business. Overall,
revenue base is diversified across industry, geography and solution lines. Roughly 80% is nondiscretionary,
and there's a significant portion that renews every year with 95% retention rates on average.

From an operating standpoint, we delivered strong results, including 40 basis points of operating margin
expansion in the quarter, contributing to 170 basis points of margin expansion year-to-date.

6% EPS growth in the quarter and an exceptionally strong free cash flow of $1.9 billion through
September, up 91% from the same period last year.

These results demonstrate the continued resilience of our Aon United strategy, focused on working
across our solution lines and geographies to bring the best of the firm to clients. Further, this strategy
continuously evolve in response to client feedback. Over and over, our best outcomes come when we listen
intently and deeply understand client challenges.

One recent example of this is a partnership with a global market leader in the Internet of Things. Using
our clients' telematics, colleagues in Commercial Risk, human capital and data analytics developed a
mobility-as-a-service solution that includes attributes like on-demand car sharing that forms part of the
total rewards program for employees. Our client provided the technology, and we provided the insurance
solution that's digitally distributed through our total rewards platform. This enabled the company to offer,
distinctive flexible benefit to the workforce that meets their needs at a time when attracting and retaining
talent in new and creative ways is paramount for their growth. Not only have we co-created a cutting-edge
solution, we've also elevated our partnership with this client to a more strategic level, working together to
innovate for mutual growth.

This example of Aon United action also highlights a larger area where client demand continues to outpace
industry innovation. It's one of the areas we described in our recent innovation white paper co-written
with Willis Towers Watson. Many industry sectors face highly specific challenges that lack adequate
solutions. As a result, we recognize that there is a need in our industry to create more affordable,
scalable solutions to broaden access to a wider range of recipients. For example, we're investing in
digital distribution capabilities to efficiently reach areas that aren't well served today, highlighted by our
CoverWallet capability for the small commercial space.

As we've seen across the economy, COVID-19 has accelerated digital adoption. Through September,
premium volume flowing through the CoverWallet platform is up more than 3x over last year assuming
that this new platform is addressing previously unmet client demand for more efficient digital client
solutions to their risk management needs.

As part of our innovation white paper, we identified and prioritized 4 areas we can more quickly and
effectively address because our combination with Willis Towers Watson. Further proof that the combination
will make us better, faster.

As outlined in this piece, we think about delivering innovation on at least 2 levels. The first level is about
how our business gets better today. As we're in more comprehensive solutions to clients. A big part of this
is reinforcing our colleague subject matter expertise by industry and geography, with analytic tools that
help them provide better solution to enable clients to make better decisions, leaving that type innovation
in our core business every day and see the opportunity to do even more with the complementary
capabilities of Willis Towers Watson.

Building on that first level, there's a second level in which we bring most comprehensive solutions to net
new addressable markets, like U.S. mortgage reinsurance, and deliver specific insight and analytic-driven
solutions like Aon Client Treaty. These more challenges can't be assessed with historic insight alone. We
have some of the capabilities today, but we'll be stronger in combination with Willis Towers Watson and
more capable of delivering these solutions at scale.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

A fantastic example of the second level is a solution we recently developed for a private agricultural
technology client. Rather than issuing equity, they were able to use our intellectual property capital market
solution to raise funds through non-dilutive debt. Our proprietary industry-defining method evaluation
enabled us to value their IP. So it was insurable, it could be used as collateral for a loan of over $100
million.

While this is another example of how we're driving innovation today, we observed that client need
continues to outpace innovation in our industry. We believe that our combination with Willis Towers Watson
will be fundamental in helping reverse this negative trend.

As we've consistently emphasized, our priority is continuing, listening to and understanding our clients. We
take pride in the strength of our client relationships, and we're listening to them more than ever before.

We also want to make sure we hear from them regarding the pending combination, and we are. Clients
from across industries, solution lines and geographies have expressed tremendous support for the pending
combination and especially for the opportunities it presents to drive enhanced innovation.

Similarly, we're listening to our colleagues, and we're hearing that they're incredibly excited about the
pending combination and what it means in terms of opportunities for them, both in what they can bring
to their clients and their own growth in professional development. We continue to see higher colleague
retention year-over-year in total across the firm and across geographies and solution lines. In Q2 and Q3,
we saw a 39% decline in voluntary turnover year-over-year.

Maybe most remarkable, our latest survey of how colleagues are hearing about Aon and our mission
yielded the strongest sentiment in over 10 years. This is a meaningful credit to our people leaders and all
of our global colleagues.

In summary, our focus on Aon United and on providing innovative solutions for our clients is delivering
results today as we manage through challenging times. Equally important, our progress and development
establish us in a position of strength for long-term growth, which has accelerated substantially in the
combination with Willis Towers Watson.

With that overview, I'd like to turn the call over to Christa for further financial review. Christa?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Thanks so much, Greg, and good morning, everyone. As Greg mentioned, we delivered a solid operational
performance in both the quarter and year-to-date despite continuing macroeconomic challenges,
demonstrating the resiliency of our business and the strength of our Aon United strategy in any economic
environment. We remain committed to deliver shareholder value over the long term, which we believe will
be accelerated by our pending combination with Willis Towers Watson.

Similar to last year, my commentary today is more focused on the quarter, given differences in the
external environment today versus the beginning of the year. I would also note that Q3 is our seasonally
smallest quarter. Having said that, we manage our business on a full year basis and target continued
progress against our long-term financial metrics. Our third quarter results reflect continued strong
performance in challenging economic position. Organic revenue was flat, highlighted by 13% organic
revenue growth in Reinsurance Solutions and 2% organic revenue growth in Commercial Risk Solutions.

As I described in Q1, our business has strong fundamentals, with roughly 80% being core and 20%
relatively more discretionary. As expected, we continue to see large impacts in the more discretionary
portions of our business, such as human capital consulting, travel and events, transaction liability and
project work across the portfolio, which contributed to organic revenue declines in Retirement Solutions
and Data & Analytics Services.

I would also note the reported revenue continues to be pressured by lower fiduciary investment income as
a result of lower interest rates globally, representing a decrease of $18 million in the third quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Moving to operating performance. We delivered another quarter of improvement, demonstrating strong
operational discipline as we return to more normalized levels of expense compared to the second quarter.
We had strong year-to-date performance of 6% operating income growth, operating margin expansion of
170 basis points and EPS growth of 8%.

As I look towards the fourth quarter, there's continued macroeconomic uncertainty and, as Greg
mentioned, we see increased revenue pressure in the fourth quarter compared to prior quarters. Similar
to what I communicated last quarter, we expect expenses for the remainder of 2020 to be more consistent
with underlying expenses in 2019, excluding adjusted items. This is due in part to an increase in certain
discretionary expenses as well as continued target investments in priority areas for long-term growth
while maintaining strong operational discipline.

While certain areas such as reduced travel and entertainment expenses continue to be a modest tailwind,
we're investing in priority areas such as Intellectual Property and CoverWallet and making necessary
operational investments. For instance, investing in tools for colleagues and strong cybersecurity as we
continue working remotely.

Finally, as noted in our earnings materials, FX had an unfavorable impact of approximately $0.01 in the
third quarter and $0.06 year-to-date. At today's rates, we'd expect a $0.02 per share unfavorable impact
in Q4.

Turning to cash and capital allocation. Free cash flow increased $908 million or 91% to $1.9 billion, driven
by working capital improvements, of which a portion is related to short-term actions taken proactively
to manage liquidity, a decrease in restructuring cash outlays and strong operational improvement. Much
of the strength we see in free cash flow comes from our Aon Business Services platform. I would also
note that we're seeing ways in which Aon Business Services allows us to better support colleagues
today and make us more resilient in the future. For instance, over time, we've increased the amount of
standardization across geographies and solution lines, ensuring best practices and driving efficiencies.
This has enabled us to better manage employee well-being, as colleagues can more easily cover for one
another, allowing our colleagues greater flexibility to take time off or care for their families.

We remain very confident in the strength of our balance sheet and to manage liquidity risk through a well-
allotted debt maturity profile. We ended Q3 with approximately $300 million lower total debt compared to
the end of Q2, due in part to paying down substantial amounts of commercial paper in the third quarter.
Historically, we've looked to increase debt as EBITDA grows while maintaining leverage ratios. However,
due to the uncertain macroeconomic conditions, we expect to continue to manage our leverage ratios
conservatively in the near future. We are diligent about maximizing return on invested capital and make
capital allocation decisions through this framework. Share repurchase remains the highest return on
capital investment today, given our free cash flow valuation and outlook highlighted by the $500 million of
share repurchase in the quarter and nearly $1 billion year-to-date. We will continue to repurchase shares
while maintaining higher-than-normal levels of cash for the near future given macroeconomic uncertainty.

Stepping back, I wanted to take a moment to reflect on our pending combination with Willis Towers
Watson and reiterate how excited we are about the significant shareholder value creation potential.
First, as Greg described, we see ongoing opportunity for revenue growth as we bring together these
highly complementary businesses. Historically, Aon has driven growth in 3 key areas: driving continued
improvement in our core businesses, portfolio mix shift to higher growth areas and unlocking net new
opportunities that expand our total addressable market. As Greg mentioned, COVID-19 has highlighted
the reality that our clients have growing and unmet needs across risk, retirement and health, with the
combination with Willis Towers Watson positions us to address well.

As we've said, we remain committed to the $800 million of expected cost synergies. I would note that
we expect these synergies on top of core margin expansion for both firms. And while we see significant
near-term macroeconomic uncertainty, we're very confident in our long-term strategy to drive margin
expansion. We've said before that our margin expansion is driven by accelerating revenue growth,
portfolio mix shift to higher growth, high-margin businesses and leverage from our Aon Business Services
operational platform. In particular, we're confident the investments we've made in our Aon Business
Services platform will enable us to capture our expected synergies and continue to drive long-term

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

operating margin expansion for the combined firm. I'd note that over the last decade, we've driven 70 to
80 basis points of margin expansion on average each year, but with some years higher and some lower.

Third, we run the firm on a cash basis. We've demonstrated a strong track record of driving efficiencies
and growth in areas such as working capital and CapEx. We're confident the investments we've made in
Aon Business Services will create even more opportunities to grow free cash flow as we look forward to
the pending combination with Willis Towers Watson.

Looking back to our deal announcement on March 9, we said the deal would be accretive to Aon EPS
in year 1, breakeven the free cash flow in year 2 and significantly accretive to free cash flow in year 3.
Given macroeconomic uncertainty due to COVID-19, we've since withdrawn our financial guidance of
mid-single-digit or greater organic revenue growth and double-digit free cash flow growth, which were
key assumptions of the projections upon which we calculated accretion. We are not reissuing financial
projections at this time given the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. However, the primary drivers of
the accretion that we provided were the $800 million of synergies and our capital allocation strategy.
We remain committed to the $800 million of synergies. And while we took action to proactively manage
liquidity earlier this year, we resumed share repurchase in the third quarter and continue to buy back
shares.

I would note that, mathematically, the same amount of synergies on a smaller baseline of EPS would be
more accretive. We are confident that the $800 million of synergies, our focus on driving free cash flow
and our disciplined capital allocation strategy will lead to meaningful shareholder value creation.

Finally, as we continue to make progress against our key milestones, receiving shareholder approval from
both sets of shareholders on August 26, with 99% approval from Aon shareholders and 96% from Willis
Towers Watson shareholders, we remain on track to close the deal in the first half of 2021.

In summary, our business has shown resiliency despite continued macroeconomic challenges. Our Aon
United strategy, underpinned by our Aon Business Services operational platform, have enabled expense
discipline and strong free cash flow growth while positioning us for long-term growth. Our disciplined
approach to return on invested capital provides financial flexibility to unlock significant shareholder value
creation over the long term. We're incredibly excited about the pending combination with Willis Towers
Watson.
With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'd be delighted to take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question is from Dave Styblo, Jefferies.

David Anthony Styblo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

So the question, any color about 4Q? I'd like to just start with that one, and get a better sense of what
are the areas that have the most exposure to the economic weakness right now and is there any way that
you can provide some general book ends around how much organic pressure there will be in the fourth
quarter. Are we thinking something like mid-single digits would be appropriate? Or is there just that much
more discretionary spend that happened there where the pressure could be more than that?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Dave, what I tried to highlight at the start and Christa reinforced it, I think, listen, overall, when we think
about revenue going forward, nothing's really changed except this unusual year. In this unusual year,
it's all about uncertainty. And we were trying to highlight, as you think about Q4, there's just a lot of
uncertainty. There's uncertainty on sort of what's going to -- how COVID is going to evolve, the reaction of
government, the reaction of clients. Colleagues across have done a remarkable job, just an incredible job
through the first 9 months and the year supporting each other and clients. But when you think about Q4
for us, the pressure we described, and the pressure is real, is really -- it's because of a disproportionate
amount of what we do, our discretionary part of overall book happens in Q4. So this is, as I described
before, like M&A services, voluntary benefits, things like that. They just happened, and it happened to be
in Q4, and it's an uncertain environment. So those -- the actions have to happen. We're very confident
they're going to happen over time. Whether they happen in Q4 or not really is the question.

The second piece is you saw Q4 last year was just exceptionally strong. Now we make no apologies for
that. We're incredibly excited about that. And it was exceptionally strong, double-digit in a number of
these discretionary areas, which is where we are. Then there are aspects of our core business, as we
have said before, like travel and events, that are still under pressure. And they're going to be back and
stronger than ever before. We're very confident of it. But it's -- a lot of uncertainty as sort of we move into
the year. We do want to highlight, though, as you think about the overall profile that Christa described,
growth, profitability, EPS, free cash flow, that profile hasn't changed at all as we think about Q4.

Christa, anything else you'd add to that? Or Eric?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Greg, I might just finish. As we think about our business, we really manage it over the course, Dave, of
full year, and we certainly expect to grow margins over the course of 2020. We expect to grow EPS, and
we have an extremely strong free cash flow outlook. And I think while there's pressure for sure in Q4 on
revenue and, therefore, on margins, we expect to continue to grow in 2021 and continue to manage all 4
of those metrics: revenue, margins, EPS and free cash flow over the course of the year.

David Anthony Styblo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Helpful. And then I'm sure it's tough to opine on next year, but assuming we can get back to a little bit
more of a normalized environment, organic growth still might be soft. Is -- is there some sort of rough
threshold where it gets hard to expand margins? I mean, obviously, you curtail those back at the expense
of perhaps longer-term revenue growth. But how do you think about that balance for next year if growth is
sort of below the 3% to 5% range that many insurance brokers are at?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Yes. So Dave, we do expect to grow margins next year. If you look at 2020 margins as an example,
we expect to grow margins in 2020, and we're up 170 basis points year-to-date. Long term, our goal
is to drive margin expansion each year as evidenced by our record 27.5% margins in 2019, up 250
basis points on top of 10 years of margin expansion with 70 to 80 basis points each year net of ongoing
investment in the business. And we would say our long-term margin expansion is driven by revenue
growth, our portfolio mix shift to higher growth, higher margin areas and our Aon Business Services
driving productivity. And we believe we've got substantial opportunity for margin expansion with the
combination of Willis Towers Watson: number one, in growing Aon core margins; number two, in growing
Willis Towers Watson core margins; and number three, adding on the $800 million of synergies, which
we're very confident delivering.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

And Dave, if you think about sort of the overall economy, irrespective sort of how it struggles and evolves
over time, I just also want to remind you, on top of, and I really emphasize on top of, what Christa just
described, we consider the broad-based risks that are no longer on the horizon. They're in our face. Things
like pandemic, climate change, intellectual property, all the things we outlined in our white paper that John
Haley described so well on the call yesterday and Willis Towers Watson. These are things that are real.
They're in front of us. They're going to create demand over time because clients have got to find ways to
address these levels of lability. So on top of all what Christa described, that's what we're really excited
about, the combination of being able to address.

Operator

The next question is from Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first question, just in terms of the merger with Willis Towers Watson. I was hoping you could provide
us an update just in terms of timing, I guess, next -- first half of next year. I'm assuming, obviously, that
still holds. But I guess, more in terms of just like the regulatory process, where we stand today in terms
of kind of the time line you guys have expected when you put the deal together, just given -- it seems like
COVID, in some instances, is slowing things down. But just want to kind of get an update and see if things
are still on track and where we stand from a regulatory perspective.

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Terrific. Thanks for the question, Elyse. We do believe we're exactly on track to close in the first half of
2021. We filed our joint definitive proxy on Wednesday, July 8, and completed the shareholder vote with
overwhelming support on August 26, with 99% of Aon shareholders voting for and 96% of Willis Towers
Watson shareholders voting for.

We do not expect to provide update to the regulatory process unless we have something to report. As
John Haley mentioned on the Willis Towers Watson earnings calls yesterday, several global antitrust filings
would be required in connection with the proposed transaction. The specific filing process and timing
varies by jurisdiction, and we do not expect to provide updates until we have something to report. But as
we've previously indicated, we are on track and expect the deal to close in the first half of 2021.

Eric Andersen
President

Christa, maybe a follow-on, Greg, around how we're doing with the integration process because I think
it's pretty important. We've actually done a lot of work around the culture of the firm, understanding
how each of the firms operate, the client centricity. The capability that each of the firms have is so

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

complementary. And we've been using this period of time, really to focus on getting to know each other,
trying to figure out how do we work better together, as Greg mentioned on the white paper, finding those
opportunities. So while that regulatory process has gone on, we've been spending an awful lot of time
setting up and doing the planning and how we're going to come together.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And then in terms of organic growth, going back to the color in terms of the greater discretionary
piece in the fourth quarter. You guys said you expect, I guess, things just slow into Q4. The Q3 was
obviously better than the Q2. Was the point you're trying to make, I guess, that the fourth quarter would
be like the weakest of the year or just slow down sequentially versus the Q3? I wasn't sure if there was a
lateral you were also trying to make as we referenced that like the second quarter, which I guess was the
low so far that you've seen during the slowdown.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Yes. And what we're really just trying to highlight is this is about -- this is truly uncertainty. We are
observing, by the way, the pressure that we described, which is real is, as Christa has described before,
80% is core and 20% is discretionary. That 20% disproportionately for us shows up in Q4, and that 20%
are things like M&A services. We have an awesome business here, wonderful support for clients, but if
shovels don't go in the ground, that doesn't happen. Eventually, it happens, but it's -- and it built the
business over time, over the coming years. We're not talking about the category. It's great. But in Q4, it's
about uncertainty where it is. Same is true on some of the health businesses we described, travel, events,
et cetera.

So we're just highlighting, there's a lot of uncertainty in Q4. No one really knows. But if anybody out there
knows, please call us. We'd like to know exactly what's going on. But our colleagues have just done a
masterful job being ready for clients to move and modify and shape -- help them shape their strategies.
But we just have a huge amount of uncertainty sort of in terms of Q4. With growth in 2021 and all the
things that Christa described, nothing has changed in our overall growth profile on what we expect long
term.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just one last one. Christa, I think last quarter, you had mentioned that you guys
were returning to buy back. And I think you used the word modest, correct me if I'm wrong. And so you
guys bought back 500 million of your stock in just 1 month in the quarter, which was a pretty healthy
level. Can you just help us think about buybacks, like the level from here, given that it's a pretty robust
return to buyback when you guys went back into the market in the third quarter?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Thanks so much, Elyse. Look, in response to macroeconomic uncertainty, we did pause buyback in March
in order to maintain liquidity, stability and flexibility. And then we did announce last quarter, we resumed
a limited amount of buyback for the remainder of the year. We're not giving guidance about capital
allocation going forward, but we'll assess it based on actual and forecasted cash flow as well as capital
market conditions.

And so what you did see, Elyse, is exceptionally strong free cash flow, stunning in the first 9 months of the
year, up 91% to $1.9 billion, but the macro uncertainty remains. And so what you'll see is we continue to
allocate cash based on return on capital, cash-on-cash return, and buyback remains the highest return on
capital opportunity across Aon, even at Aon's peak valuation or peak stock price. And so at today's prices,
it is a fantastic return on capital opportunity. And so we will continue buyback, but it will be based on the
cash we generate and capital market conditions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Operator

The next question is from Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I had a couple of questions, both on the Willis deal. First, there's a lot of skepticism out there about your
comments on not really having a lot of revenue dissynergies as you go through the regulatory approval
process and the potential for you being forced to sell parts of the Willis business. So can you -- or parts of
the combined business. Can you discuss what gives you confidence that, that won't be the case?

And then relatedly, on your expense savings targets, if we look at the $800 million number, that's, I think,
close to roughly 5% of the cost base. And if you -- in past deals, you've done a lot more than even 10%.
And I would have thought that given the similarities between the 2 companies, you'd actually potentially
be able to do more. So maybe talk about if there's any conservatism baked into your numbers or are there
things that you see that are causing you to be more cautious on expense savings.

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Sure, Jimmy. So I'll take the first one on antitrust. So we do believe we're on track to close in the first
half of 2021, as I said, with no divestitures. And the reason we're so confident about that is because
we have the world's leading antitrust counsel. We've had them for more than 18 months. We've worked
through this in detail. And we believe we have highly complementary businesses. And even in areas
like reinsurance, which I know has been speculated upon, Jimmy, we look at that business and we think
about it from a client perspective, and clients have a huge range of choices. If you think about the clients
for reinsurance, it's an insurer, and they can place direct, which a lot of them do. They can place in the
capital markets through alternative capital. They can place insure tech. And they can place for a huge
range of brokers, including a number of broker start-ups, given the significant movement of talent in the
reinsurance industry. And so we look at that incredibly competitive field, and we do see that there is a
normal competition from a quiet choice perspective. And so again, we feel really confident about where we
are and exactly on track to close in the first half of 2021 with no divestitures.

Then moving to your second question -- sorry, Greg, did you want to jump in?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

No, please go ahead, Christa. I'll pick up when you're done.

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

On your second question on cost synergies. So we did announce $800 million of cost synergies, which,
as you pointed out, Jimmy, is 5.5% of the combined cost base. And we did achieve 11% of the combined
cost base in Aon Hewitt and 18% of the combined cost base in Aon Benfield. And what I think that tells
you, Jimmy, is we are extremely confident about achieving the $800 million. What it also tells you, Jimmy,
is really the main strategic focus of the combination with Willis Towers Watson is on revenue and on
delivering on these new solutions for clients to meet unmet client needs. And really, we want to make sure
that as we bring the combination together, we're really absolutely laser-focused on clients and driving that
significant upside in terms of revenue potential as opposed to completely distracted by taking costs out.

But Greg, what would you say?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

I think, Christa, you added the piece. Two aspects and, to me, a very important question. One, just when
you think about talent, and I think you were asking about talent in addition to just trustees, ask yourself,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

as we come together, our colleagues are going to be able to sit across the table from clients with more
capability to support clients. That's a wonderfully positive thing, and that's what we want to try to do.
That's what we're focused on.

Eric, in his work with his colleagues at Willis Towers Watson, Julie Gebauer and others are really working
on sort of how that colleague value proposition comes together to make it more compelling. This is not
about synergy. It's about really net new. And that then fits on the client side. And if you step back and
think about, there's been a 30-year period when you think about risk as a percent of GDP where it's
gotten less significant. We're becoming less significant as an industry, that's what the facts tell us. And
by the way, at a time when client need is going up, then that's become even more pronounced during
pandemic. And so again, this is what the white paper is about. And as we begin to think about addressing
those opportunities, that's why this is about growth. That's why this is -- there will be synergies. Of
course, you bring 2 firms together. But this is about growth, addressing some of the most significant risks
in the world today that are unaddressed and literally unaddressed, pandemic climate, intellectual property,
even cyber, relatively less addressed.

And in the end, it's a real opportunity in terms of sort of where we are and what we're trying to do. And
there's lots of opportunities out there. As we think about sort of where we are in specific examples that
are happening every day. Eric were seeing these. But in the end, this is really about client opportunity in
creating net new as part of this combination.

Eric Andersen
President

Yes, Greg, maybe just to pick up on it for a second because I do think our Aon United strategy, which
we've been working on for several years around how we integrate around the client, bringing all the
capabilities, whether it's bringing reinsurance modeling to property clients on our commercial risk side,
there's 100 of these examples that are out there, Willis Towers Watson has very similar client focus and
efforts underway. And so when you bring those together, as Christa said, this is all about finding new
ways to serve our existing clients to do more for them. And I think the excitement that's building both
from an Aon and a Willis Towers Watson side is really starting to come together as people start to see the
possibility.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And just lastly, on the health business, you saw a noticeable improvement in your organic growth
of 1%, but last quarter was down double digits. I think in the release, there was a mention about some
timing of booking revenues. Is the majority of improvement just because of that? Or I don't know to what
extent you can quantify it. Or was there underlying improvement in the business as well versus 2Q?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Jimmy, as we said in our last discussion, really, this is a space we absolutely love. The overall opportunity
in health, we think is -- was tremendous coming into 2020. And as you well know, Jimmy, it's become
even more pronounced. If you think about everything that's happening with the pandemic, it's now
literally in every border and every company around the world. And our opportunity to support clients here
is tremendous. So we love this long term, and we love it even in the short term. And what you saw in Q3
was just continued progression against that.

Still a lot of uncertainty. So a lot of discretionary events happen in the fourth quarter as it relates to
health, particularly in the U.S. But we love this space long term, the team has done a great job, and we're
all looking forward to kind of seeing this business grow and progress.

Operator

The next question is from Suneet Kamath, Citi.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Christa, I wanted to go back to something that you had mentioned towards the end of your prepared
remarks about the deal accretion. And I think you had said something along the lines of spreading the
earnings over a smaller share count. So my question is, were buybacks not contemplated in your original
guidance that you gave when you announced the deal?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Suneet, actually what I said was, if you think about the $800 million of synergies -- so if you think about
the accretion, it was really based on 2 things. It was based on the $800 million of synergies and it was
based on our capital allocation strategy. And so while -- we remain committed to the $800 million. And
while we took a pause on buyback earlier this year to manage liquidity, we've resumed share repurchases
in the third quarter and continue to buy back shares. And so if you think about accretion mathematically, if
you think about the original accretion assumptions on a smaller EPS base, then it would be more accretive
today.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then I guess on the deal in terms of regulatory reviews and approvals, how might
a change in the presidential administration impact the timing of the close as we think about potential
changes at the DOJ or elsewhere?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Suneet, we do not foresee any impact should there be a change in administration, especially given the
time line we expect to the deal.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then my last question is just on margin. Looking out over time, Christa, you had mentioned
a couple of times that 70 to 80 basis points of margin expansion annually, and you still feel pretty good
about the path going forward. But as we think about margins in the future, is there any way to frame for
how much longer you guys think that you can continue to improve margins, be it at that 70 to 80 basis
point range or something in that neighborhood? So when does this sort of tailwind start to peak or drop
off?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Suneet, thanks so much for the question. Because long term our goal is to continue to drive margin
expansion this year, we do not see some cap on margins. In fact, we continue to see margin expansion
for the foreseeable future. And it's really driven by revenue growth, a portfolio mix shift to higher revenue
growth, higher-margin areas and Aon Business Services continuing to drive productivity. We obviously
see substantial margin expansion with the combination of Willis Towers Watson because you get Aon core
margin expansion plus Willis Towers Watson core margin expansion plus the synergies.

And as we look at our portfolio today, the portions that are more analytic in nature tend to be higher
margin there in the portfolio. So that gives us confidence going forward that we'll continue to have long-
term margin expansion.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

So on top of that, Suneet, if you think about what Christa just described, she just painted a picture over
the coming years, literally all the pieces are in place. Margin expansion when we think about Aon Business

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Services and the capabilities. The next incarnation of that, call it the new Aon Business Services as we
bring the firms together sort of in the new world here, the opportunity over the next few years, that's
in place. And there's tremendous opportunity for Aon by itself, Willis Towers Watson by itself for the
combination. And that's -- we're pretty excited about that.

But beyond that, if you go to the innovation white paper for just a minute and ask a question, there are
issues that must be addressed. Client need is going up. As we address those issues, they're going to
be done with analytics and capability so that we're building over time. That analytics gives us -- this is
a margin profile that's different than it has been before. If you look at other analytics businesses, their
margin profile and their growth is much more substantial than ours.

So there's the ceiling you're describing, it's a great question, but we don't see that at all. In fact, as we
evolve what we do, and we hope our colleagues -- because it really is about our colleagues more than
any time ever, about our colleagues, we're truly supporting them with greater levels of analytics that help
us address these questions. This outcome, great for our clients, great for our colleagues, happens to be
exceptionally good for our shareholders as well in terms of sort of where we are. So that's why we're so
excited about the investment, the combination to address this next level of issues that are out there and
no longer on the horizon. They're at our doorstep with a higher awareness than ever before to address
them.

Operator

Our last question is from Phil Stefano, Deutsche Bank.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I had another question on margins and thinking more about this in the next year or 2. I was hoping you
could help me think about the competing forces of when we return to a normal world of growth and a
normal world of expenses, does the potential for margin expansion in one particular year have natural
pressures from a return of normal expenses?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Thanks so much for the question. And what we would say is we expect to continue to drive margin
expansion each year, including -- if you thought about returning to a normalized environment, you'd add
expenses back as revenue came back. And so we'd be very disciplined about making sure that occurred.

But if you think about the new better operating model where consultant with clients about today in terms
of the work coalition, you can think about sort of areas like long-term lower real estate costs, more service
delivery centers and ongoing Aon Business Services providing productivity improvements over time. And
so there are many areas in which we think the opportunity for margin expansion continues to accelerate.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Understood. A quick numbers question. Reinsurance, the organic in the year was a bit strong, and
one of the things that was noted was a timing benefit. Can you just help us understand what the timing
benefit was and when it was from?

Eric Andersen
President

So this is Eric. I would say it was pretty minor. The Reinsurance business continues to be great on a full
year basis. But we're -- obviously in the third and fourth quarter are the smallest quarters for us because
most of the treaty business is done. It's now facultative and any kind of investment banking work that
gets done. So I would say it was pretty immaterial.

Philip Michael Stefano

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then the last one, just philosophically, thinking about share repurchases versus the uncertainty
that's come up a lot of times on this call for the next year or 2. How do you think about the uncertainty
and get comfortable with the fact that -- at least third quarter was a strong quarter with repurchases that,
that is the right action to take, just given the uncertainty that you have?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Hey, thank you so much because we are managing cash and liquidity incredibly conservatively. You can
see that as we build up cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. You can see it because
we decreased debt by $300 million between end of Q2 and end of Q3. You can see it because we've got a
very conservative debt ladder long term for the firm. And so we're being very conservative in response to
macroeconomic uncertainty...

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

And...

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

And therefore -- go, jump in, Greg.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Go ahead, go ahead. My apologies.

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

And so what we see is we're managing this based on our free cash flow, which is exceptionally strong. I
mean, free cash flow, up $908 million year-to-date, up 91%. And then obviously, the return on capital
opportunity of share repurchase is exceptional. And it was exceptional at peak stock price level for Aon.
And at today's price, it's just a stunning return to shareholders.

And so for us, we'll continue to manage liquidity incredibly conservatively. And then we'll continue to
invest based on return on capital, cash-on-cash returns, as we think about the firm. But Greg, please
jump in.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Yes. I just want to put in, if you think about this in context of our overall strategy and what we're
doing, what Christa was describing literally is the discipline and the approach we've taken in managing
our balance sheet and driving free cash flow. And that has been exceptional, and it continues to be
exceptional. And we have the capacity to do a lot as we invest in the business, as we do share buyback
and anything that sort of drives return on invested capital and ultimately, free cash flow over time.

But I would highlight, you're seeing the buyback. Again, we have capacity to do a lot. The example that I
described around intellectual property is an example we're investing in the core business and really doing
things from an innovation standpoint. The loan we made, the investment to do that, took hundreds and
hundreds of colleagues coming together to model intellectual property in ways that's never been modeled
before, literally never been modeled before, in a way that we can actually ensure a patent portfolio and
then get a loan against the patent portfolio. And so we're making lots of investment in the business sort of
as we build it over time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

I love the example that John gave yesterday, John Haley, on the Willis Towers Watson call around climate.
So we're investing. We see this as one of the next big horizon around how we help clients think about the
transition from to kind of in the new climate-challenged world, and we can help reduce volatility against
that by matching capital with risk. And fundamentally, this is what we're talking about.

And the beauty of it is, from a cash standpoint, we have an exceptionally strong balance sheet,
exceptional strong free cash flow, which will be reinforced as we come together in the combination that
allows us to actually do the things that Christa described, allocate capital to improve return invested
capital buyback shares. Obviously, it makes sense for all the reasons Christa described, but also invest in
the business and bring in additional capability as needed.

So we're -- you say cash, it is the thing we live every day, we focus on in terms of what we're trying to do,
and we're working to strengthen to build that over time.

Operator

Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg Case for closing remarks.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Just want to thank everyone, as always. Thank you so much for joining us. We appreciate it. And look
forward to our conversation next quarter. Thanks very much.

Operator
That concludes the conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AON PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

