Applied Materials, Inc. NasdaqGS:AMAT
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 14, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.89

0.89

0.00

0.86

3.56

4.16

Revenue  (mm)

3976.15

3957.00

(0.48 %)

3951.36

16100.01

17519.22

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-12-2020 8:24 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.70

0.76

0.93

0.89

0.74

0.80

0.98

0.89

5.71 %

5.26 %

5.38 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive
Director

Michael Sullivan
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Atif Malik
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Christopher James Muse
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Harlan Sur
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Joseph Lawrence Moore
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Pierre C. Ferragu
New Street Research LLP

Toshiya Hari
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Applied Materials earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Michael Sullivan, Corporate Vice President. Please go
ahead, sir.

Michael Sullivan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and thank you for joining Applied's Second Quarter of Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call, which is
being recorded. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Dan Durn, our Chief Financial
Officer.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, which are
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the
risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC.

Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in
today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings presentation, which are available on the IR
page of our website at appliedmaterials.com.

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thanks, Mike. I'd like to start today's call by addressing the topic at the forefront of everyone's mind, the
COVID-19 pandemic, which has created unprecedented challenges around the world. My thoughts and
best wishes go out to all of you and especially those whose families have been directly affected by the
illness.

As the situation has evolved over the past several months, our actions at Applied Materials have been
guided by 2 key principles: first, maintaining the trust of our employees, customers, suppliers and
partners; and second, focusing on driving initiatives that will allow us to emerge stronger over the longer
term. As always, our #1 priority is the health and well-being of our employees and their families. Our
workforce remains highly productive. Many are working effectively from home and for those working on
site, we've implemented strict safety protocols in close collaboration with our medical advisers, customers
and suppliers.

In our factories, labs and logistics centers, we've changed physical layouts to allow for social distancing,
introduced enhanced cleaning and sanitation procedures, implemented health screenings and mandated
the use of personal protective equipment. All our employees and contingent workers have continued to
receive full pay, and we've introduced additional incentives and benefits for employees supporting our
critical operations.

While we've been working through certain supply chain constraints, we have remained laser-focused on
the needs of our customers and doing what it takes to keep their factories running smoothly and their R&D
programs on track.

Across the company, I see amazing examples of our manufacturing, logistics and field operations teams
going above and beyond to keep our customers and the industry moving forward in a difficult set of
circumstances. We're also defining new ways of working with customers that not only provide solutions
today but will also create significant benefits over the long term.

Finally, in line with Applied's long-held values to make a positive contribution to the communities where
we live and work, we've created a global charitable COVID fund. The purpose of this fund is to address

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

immediate humanitarian needs and combat long-term effects on local communities and the nonprofit
sector. We've also donated masks and equipment to medical facilities. And in addition, there have been
numerous employee-driven initiatives across the company. It's inspiring to see these employees stepping
forward to help, volunteering their time, skills and resources to demonstrate our shared passion to make a
difference.

Now let me turn to the agenda for today's call. I'll begin with a summary of our second quarter
performance and near-term outlook. Then I'll provide a longer-term perspective on our markets, and I'll
finish with a summary of our strategy, highlighting some of our recent accomplishments. Later, Dan will
give more color on our financial results, operational performance and business environment.

Starting with our near-term business outlook, demand from our semiconductor customers remain strong.
In fiscal Q2, our financial performance was negatively affected by our ability to ship systems to customers
as shelter-in-place and lockdown orders impacted some of our suppliers' operations, particularly in the
Bay Area and Malaysia. However, we're in a much better position today. Thanks to the flexibility in our
global operations footprint, we've been able to make adjustments. And we continue to work closely with
our suppliers to ensure they can meet our needs.

Our supply chain remains a critical area of focus as we enter our third quarter with record orders and a
record backlog for our semiconductor and service businesses combined. In terms of the semiconductor
industry environment, I will focus my comments on what we currently see in the market and what we're
hearing from customers.

In foundry/logic, demand at the leading edge remains very healthy, with a strong commitment from these
customers to build out their factories and push forward with their development road maps. However, we're
seeing some pockets of weakness in specialty markets, mainly as a result of a pullback in the automotive
and industrial sectors.

In memory, there are no major changes to the outlook we provided last quarter. We continue to see a
positive progression in the market with inventory levels approaching normal and improvements in pricing
trends. As a result, we're seeing incremental strength in investment by memory customers as we move
through the year.

Based on the visibility that we have today, underlying demand for semiconductor equipment is robust. And
even when COVID-related effects are taken into account, we still believe that our semiconductor business
can deliver strong double-digit growth for our fiscal year.

In display, we expect our FY '20 revenues to be close to FY '19 as the industry navigates the bottom of
this spending cycle. Our display business remains solidly profitable even as we invest in next-generation
products, ready for when the market picks up.

Looking further out, we're well aware of global economic concerns. While I'm not going to speculate on
possible macro scenarios, I will share some of the key assumptions that we're using to guide our strategy,
which are based on carefully monitoring market indicators and staying very close to our customers.
Clearly, consumer spending is a potential headwind for many sectors, including the electronics industry.
At the same time, the global pandemic is acting as an accelerator for key technology inflections that were
already underway.

Working from home, learning from home and e-commerce are driving investments in cloud data centers
and communications infrastructure. We expect companies to build stronger business continuity plans,
which will include geographic redundancy and increased use of automation and IoT technologies. And the
adoption of AI and big data remains nondiscretionary for many

companies. As I've said before, these game-changing technologies will transform entire industries, and
there will be big winners and losers through the transition. My personal view is that we will see significant
and permanent changes in the way companies operate and prioritize their investments. In fact, this is
already happening in our business and the ways we are working with customers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

Over the past several years, we made significant investments in state-of-the-art digital infrastructure
sensors in metrology, data science, machine learning and simulation. The combination of these
technologies enables us to reduce product development cycles, speed up transfer of new technologies
from lab to fab and optimize cost, output and yield for our customers in volume production.

In the past few months, our field and R&D teams have been working with customers to further expand
secure data sharing, to enhance remote support and accelerate the deployment of these powerful new
tools. In our own labs, we also have many examples of R&D teams increasing utilization and productivity
of lab assets by applying creative new strategies for remote operations.

While near-term actions are being driven by necessity, the long-term benefits of working this way are
compelling as they provide significant time to market and cost advantages for Applied and our customers.
Our long-term perspective about AI and big data shaping the next decade is unchanged, and we see
strong potential for certain elements of these inflections to scale faster than previously expected.

As I've said before, to enable these new computing systems and unlock the potential of AI technologies,
major advances in the power, performance and area cost, or PPAC, of semiconductor devices are needed.
Based on recent input from customers, we've updated our PPAC framework to PPACt, where T stands for
time to market, acknowledging the enormous value of speed.

Applied has by far the largest, broadest portfolio of technologies and products to accelerate the PPACt
playbook, which spans creating, shaping, modifying, analyzing and connecting structures and devices.
We're the only company with process and metrology under one roof, and we have highly differentiated
silicon and packaging lab capabilities. As a result, we have significant advantage in our ability to accelerate
new PPACt innovations for the semiconductor ecosystem. The capabilities we have built and the multiyear
investments we have made are yielding results. According to VLSI Research's recently published report,
we outperformed the market in both semiconductor equipment and services last year. Our performance
in deposition technology was especially strong, with our PVD business gaining 7 points of share. We also
have great momentum in metrology and inspection. Our process, diagnostics and control group delivered
record revenue in the first half of the year. One of the key contributors to this record performance is our
new optical inspection system that we will be officially launching later this year.;

Before I hand the call over to Dan, I will quickly summarize. First, as we navigate the challenges created
by COVID-19, we've rallied the company around 2 guiding principles: maintain the trust of employees,
customers, suppliers and partners; and focus on driving actions that ensure Applied Materials emerges
stronger over the long term. Second, while we're mindful of potential macroeconomic headwinds, based
on what we see and hear today, semiconductor equipment demand remains robust, and our supply chain
is getting healthier. Third, we remain fully committed to our strategy to accelerate the PPACt playbook and
our pipeline of new innovative products and integrated processes has never been better.

Now I will turn the call over to Dan.

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Gary. Today, I'll summarize our second quarter results and activities, give you an update on the
environment and share our current expectations for the second half of our fiscal year.

As a reminder, on March 23, we suspended our Q2 guidance because the global response to COVID-19
was creating significant challenges across our supply chain, manufacturing operations and logistics. Due
to the extreme uncertainty, we also decided to borrow against our revolving credit facility. We promised to
provide our investors with an update on this earnings webcast, and I'll do that in a moment.

This afternoon, we announced our Q2 results, which were below our original guidance, but solid,
considering the extreme challenges our teams faced due to COVID. I'm proud of our employees for putting
health and safety first and still doing everything possible to support our customers, both in keeping our
factories running and by keeping our R&D programs moving.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

Despite the incremental challenges we experienced in the last 6 weeks of our quarter, we delivered AGS
and display revenue that was higher than our original expectations in February. Our semi systems revenue
was below our original outlook, and that was entirely due to COVID-related supply constraints. And
demand remains strong. And while the environment remains fluid, we exited the quarter with the second-
highest company backlog in our history and record backlog for semi systems plus AGS combined.

For the company as a whole, in Q2, on a year-over-year basis, we grew revenue by 12%, increased non-
GAAP operating profit by 23% and grew non-GAAP EPS by 27% to $0.89. During the quarter, we returned
$392 million to shareholders in buybacks and dividends and announced a dividend increase of nearly 5%.
We ended Q2 with nearly $7.4 billion on the balance sheet, including $1.5 billion in credit facility proceeds.

Now I'll share my assessment of the COVID environment, which includes several encouraging
developments. Our industry has been designated critical infrastructure in many parts of the world. All of
our suppliers have now been able to resume operations, and they are recovering to normal output. We've
been in very close communications with our customers, and their demand indications remain strong.
We're mindful of the macroeconomic impacts of COVID, including job losses in the consumer and industrial
sectors of the global economy. But governments have provided strong financial support to workers,
businesses and the banking system.

As a result of our assessment of the environment, we fully repaid our revolving credit facility borrowings
subsequent to the end of the quarter. We currently have approximately $5.9 billion of cash and
investments on the balance sheet, which is an increase of about $200 million compared to our Q1 balance.

We are continuing to prepare for the planned acquisition of Kokusai Electric. During Q2, we received
Taiwan's clearance for the transaction, and we have one final approval pending from China.

Turning to the business outlook. While I see positive signs, there is still potential for COVID-related
disruptions around the world. And we're not providing revenue and earnings guidance for Q3. I know there
is concern about the risk of further economic impacts and changes in customer investment patterns but
rather than speculate, I'll attempt to help our investors by providing visibility into what we are seeing
across our operating segments.

In semiconductor systems, our Q2 revenue would have been nearly $650 million higher absent COVID-
related constraints. We hope to recover this revenue in Q3 and Q4 as the supply chain improves. In
the second quarter, our semi systems orders were up significantly, and demand is broadening to more
customers. Based on what we're hearing from our customers, we believe Q3 semi revenue could be up in
the high single digits sequentially and higher again in Q4, resulting in strong double-digit growth for the
fiscal year.

Our services business has proven highly resilient during the crisis, and we continue to generate a growing
proportion of revenue from subscription-like long-term service agreements.

AGS posted its first $1 billion quarter ever in Q2, with nearly 60% of revenue coming from service
agreements. In Q3, we believe AGS revenue could be flat to slightly higher sequentially and higher
again in Q4. Within AGS, our semi parts and services business has grown to $3.2 billion or 24% of our
company's semi-related revenue. VLSI Research has begun to size and compare the parts and service
revenue of companies in the industry. Ours is the strongest among our peers, both on a dollar basis and
as a percent of our semi-related revenue.

Our total semiconductor installed base business, which includes parts, services, 200-millimeter systems
and 300-millimeter upgrades and refurbs, has grown to become 38% of our semi-related revenue. This
ratio is about 5 points higher than our peers.

As Gary indicated, we still expect our display revenue to be nearly the same this year as last. We believe
revenue is likely to be flat to slightly higher sequentially in Q3 and higher again in Q4.

In short, if the demand indications from our customers hold and our supply chains continue to improve,
then we should have second half-weighted revenue in each segment. Based on everything we see today,
this would translate into sequential revenue growth and earnings growth in Q3 and then again in Q4.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

So in summary, while the situation remains fluid and macroeconomic impacts are still unknown, our
customers remain committed to their technology road maps and are signaling growth for Applied. We will
remain vigilant, stay close to our customers and be ready to respond quickly if the environment changes.

Once again, I'm incredibly proud of our employees for their strong commitment to health and safety and
their strong support of our customers, both in meeting today's demand at our factories and theirs and
innovating in our R&D labs to enable the technology of the future.

Now Mike, let's begin the Q&A.

Michael Sullivan
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Dan. [Operator Instructions] Operator, let's please begin.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore.

Christopher James Muse
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess first question, you talked about expectations for incremental strength from memory through the
calendar year. I was hoping perhaps you could elaborate on that in terms of mix between both NAND
and DRAM as well as new wafer starts versus strengths. And what gives you the confidence that, that is
sustainable in this world of COVID?

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thanks, C.J. As we look into the year, we see the year profiling pretty similar from a proportion of spend
standpoint that we talked about a quarter ago. We see strength in foundry/logic continuing throughout the
year as our order book and customer base broadens, and we feel good about that.

As we profile to memory, we talked about seeing some incremental strength this year, both on DRAM
and NAND. I think it's too early to call the magnitude of that, but we do see balance across the device
types from a spend standpoint. And I do think there is going to be similarities in terms of 2019 being an
investment year, primarily focused on technology road maps. And we actually saw wafer starts per month
last year, 2019, actually go down year-over-year in both DRAM and NAND.

And as we look into this year, we don't really see strong capacity adds. We continue to see our customers
driving their technology road maps. Because that is, in effect, their cost structure. It allows them to drive
margins and cash flow when industries recover. So we see continued investments from a technology
road map standpoint, but we see probably less wafer starts per month coming out of the system than we
did the year before. So it's sort of on the margin. We continue to stay close. We will watch it. And we'll
continue to be open and transparent. In an environment that's defined by uncertainty, what we want to
try to do is be as helpful as possible, share with investors the things we're seeing and hearing from our
customers, and we'll let you know what we see each quarter as the situation evolves.

Christopher James Muse
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's helpful. If I could sneak in a quick follow-up, Mike. On gross margins, can you speak to how you see
the trajectory into the second half, considering what looks to be a positive mix from both silicon and AGS?
And also, as it relates to supply chain because I think you took out $8 million of COVID-related expenses.
Is that something that should sustain into the back half? How should we be thinking about that?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, C.J. I'll take both. As we think about the actions the company took in the current environment,
we made conscious decisions about how we were going to position ourselves from an operating and
manufacturing standpoint, and decisions were made very early in the process. We implemented our
business continuity team in the middle of January. And as part of contingency planning and mapping out
potential points of risk, we made decisions to put in place surge capacity from a personnel standpoint, and
that decision was made probably the first week of February.

So clearly, there's an impact to maintain cycle times and throughputs that are on par with where we were
before COVID. That's a result of really strong teamwork and execution and planning, but it certainly has a
headwind from a margin standpoint. And we're optimizing around serving our customers and taking care
of the things that we can take care of so we can better withstand the things we can't control, which is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

what we saw from a supply chain disruption standpoint and the rate and pace of that recovery. So we feel
good about that. But certainly, it does create a headwind. And you see that profiling through some of the
segments. And I'm happy to share more of that thinking, but it's definitely there.

From a gross margin standpoint, as we look into next quarter, what we signaled was a favorable segment
mix. And in a normal environment, that would create improvement from a gross margin standpoint. What
I'd also say is what we experienced in our most recent quarter was 6 weeks of impact of a material supply
chain disruption driven by a concurrent shelter-in-place order in the Bay Area and Malaysia. It affected a
material part of our supply chain, but it was a 6-week impact.

Going into Q3, we've got a full 13-week impact as the supply chain becomes healthier, and that will sort
of offset a bit of the favorable segment mix. So I think the best way to think about our gross margin as
we look into Q3 from a planning assumption standpoint is to think about it flat. If we can do better, we
certainly will. But we'll take it 1 quarter at a time and give investors our best view of what we see and the
pluses and minuses as we manage the business to the best of our ability in this environment.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Citi.

Atif Malik
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I have 2. First for Gary. A company gained 0.5 point of equipment share last year in served variable
markets led by deposition. Which end markets or technologies are you more confident to show outsized
growth this year and next year? And as a follow-up, Dan, I'm curious what your take is on recent
Department of Commerce's China equipment licensees for the future shipments?

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thanks for the question. I think I'll take both of those. So let me start with market share. And starting
from an overall company perspective, one of the things that we've discussed before is that we have very
good balance across all device segments, including leading and trailing logic, DRAM and NAND. This
enables us to perform well really regardless of the device mix. It gives us ability to perform well in pretty
much any environment. So if we look at overall, 2019 was a good year for us.

Your question, I think, is related to 2020. We look at 2020 as also a very good setup for us. As I said in
the prepared remarks, we anticipate strong double-digit growth for Applied in 2020. And what I would
say is that in this new environment, I used to travel a significant amount. And I'm still on the phone very
frequently with CEOs, R&D leaders, in fact, I had a call with one of the CEOs this morning. And one of the
things that's a real advantage for Applied is the traction we have with customers to accelerate their PPACt
road maps. And that really is both for memory and also for foundry and logic.

So performance in 2019, we gained about 2 points in the markets that we serve and 0.5 point overall WFE
share. So if we look at the setup for 2020, we continue to see strong foundry/logic investments where
we have leadership products, PVD, epi, strong traction in new etch applications. We see currently double-
digit growth in our memory business, strong double-digit growth in memory, gaining traction with new
capabilities that are key for scaling and strong growth in memory patterning applications.

So overall, again, we have balance across all of these different segments. I would say that our pipeline
of our new products and our integrated material solutions has never been better relative to accelerating
PPACt road maps for customers.

Then the second question is around, I think, the export controls. So let me start with perspective of the
overall geopolitical situation. And I've said before on this one, Applied believes in fair trade and intellectual
property protection. The semi ecosystem and innovation road map rely on these principles. So regarding
the new regulations that were recently announced by the Department of Commerce, we're working very
closely with the U.S. government, trade associations and our advisers to better define the requirements

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

for the industry and to be able to comply with the new regulations. We have some very good people
working on this. And based on our work to date, our current expectation is Applied is going to be able to
meet the government's required standards when the rules come into effect at the end of June without
significant disruptions to our business. If needed, we have significant flexibility in our global operations'
footprint, and we're developing contingency plans that we could implement. But again, overall, we believe
we're going to be able to meet the government's required standards when the rules become effective.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.

Toshiya Hari
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Gary, I was hoping you could give us an update on your business in China, both on the memory side
as well as the logic and foundry side. One of your foundry customers just raised CapEx, I think it was
yesterday, by $1 billion plus. I'm guessing the activity on the memory side continues to be pretty robust
as well. But if you can give us an update on what you're seeing near term and what your expectations are
for the second half, that would be great. And then I've got a quick follow-up.

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Toshi, I'll jump in on that question. So as we think about China, let's talk about where we ended 2019 and
use that as a jumping-off point to talk about what we see incrementally into 2020 as it relates to domestic
China spend.

So if we look back into 2019, the market sizing was about $6.5 billion. And a quarter ago, we said our
expectation for 2020 was an incremental 200 to 300 -- I'm sorry, $2 billion to $3 billion of domestic China
spend. Our expectation in 2020 is still $2 billion to $3 billion but now given the customer news overnight,
we're probably at the high end of that range.

And so a quarter ago, as we think about the decomposition of that incremental spend, we said about
1/3 200-millimeter trailing node foundry specialty logic spend, 2/3 of it was 300-millimeter. And as you
decompose the 300-millimeter spend, it was roughly split 50-50 between foundry/logic and memory, with
balance among device types in memory. And as you think about us at the higher end of the range now,
think about incrementally more spend in 300-millimeter trailing node foundry/logic, and I think that gives
you an evolution of that spend profile of how the now $2.5 billion to $3 billion is spent towards the high
end of that incremental range. That's the best insight we have at this point based on everything we see in
the market and what we're talking with our customers about.

Toshiya Hari
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

That's helpful, Dan. And then I think this one is for Gary. I just wanted to follow-up on some of your
market share comments. I think you said you gained 7 percentage points of share in PVD. I was curious
what you're seeing on the upside in terms of market share? And you also spoke to your new product in
optical inspection. If you can kind of speak to the differentiating factors for your tool vis-à-vis some of the
competition and what your aspirations are over the next couple of years in terms of market share, that
would be great.

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Sure. Let me start with the PDC business overall, and then I'll answer the etch question. So our
inspection measurement business is one of the segments where we have strongest momentum. We talked
about the record last quarter we had and the first half of FY 2020, and this is far above our previous best
half year for the business. We've got strong -- we will achieve strong double-digit growth overall in 2020
in semi, and this segment will be one of the highest growth businesses for us this year, the inspection and
measurement business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

Relative to the new optical inspection system, we have tremendous momentum with that system. We'll
launch it later this year. Very, very strong adoption in foundry and logic. I'd tell you the other thing that
is positive relative to our PDC business is in e-beam. We have a strong leadership position. We have also
some new capabilities there, the highest resolution imaging technology in the industry and very strong
initial adoption with new capability there with leading customers. So again, we're off to a great start in
2020 in PDC. And I would say the best position that we've ever had relative to that business.

Etch also, I think as you know, we've had tremendous growth in the conductor etch business, about 5x in
terms of revenue growth between 2020 and 2018. And this is also where we have the -- probably the best
product, most successful product ever in the history of Applied Materials, the Sym3. Relative to 2019, we
gained about 0.5 point of overall etch share. And in 2020, we also anticipate strong double-digit growth in
etch.

We have good momentum in memory, significant traction with all leading customers in foundry/logic,
where we haven't had very high share, it's been very low in the past. We have really significant traction
there. And in new product and packaging, that also has strong momentum. So overall, we anticipate
strong growth in 2020, and we have good momentum with new capabilities and confidence that we're
going to continue to grow etch share going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Dan, I think I just want to try to better understand the impact of the supply constraints you're seeing from
COVID. You talked about it impacting the April quarter by like $650 million, and you said you'd be able to
make that up in both the fiscal third and fourth quarter. But then you also said in an answer to a question
that you'd have some gross margin headwinds in the fiscal third quarter because you'd have 13 weeks of
sort of these supply issues.

And so I guess my question is, is supply also impacting what you can ship in the fiscal third quarter? If so,
by how much? And when do you think we get to a situation where you guys can actually meet the demand
that's on your books?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, John. Let me try to unpack it a little bit for you and give you a sense of how we think about
it. Hopefully, that gives you insight that addresses the question. And if I miss something, please let me
know, and I'll definitely follow-up.

So as we think about where the supply chain is and how the supply chain gets healthier over time, I think
it's important to break it up into 3 components, and we'll deal with each of these 3 buckets in sequence.
The first, our suppliers are back in business, raising their staffing levels and getting back to pre-COVID
levels of output. That's sort of a set of issues, bucket one. Bucket two, how quickly can they make up for
lost volumes? And then the third bucket is the logistics channels and how they get healthier over time.

And so as we think about the time sequence and overlay of each of those 3 vectors, all of our suppliers are
back in the game. They're working back to 100% staffing levels and getting back to pre-COVID levels of
output. I think exiting our fiscal Q3, I think, a good portion, a disproportionate share of that will be behind
us. That leaves then the second bucket, which is how quickly can you make up for lost volumes? I think
that happens, given the robust environment we see, I think that happens over our fiscal Q4 and in our
fiscal Q1. So exiting the calendar year, it should be a direct read-through on true end-market demand in
terms of our business activity. Based on what we can see today, that looks like the trajectory.

The third bucket, the logistics, this is something that's going to be a longer-term issue to get back to
normal. And the reason I say that is there's a correlation between the commercial airline industry and the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

logistics channels. What I mean is, if we're not shipping a full system, full systems, they'll go on special
freighter aircraft. A lot of what we do short of a full system will ride in the belly of a commercial aircraft.
We've had to pivot that to alternative freight and logistics channels. And the costs associated with that
have risen and create a margin headwind. Given the correlation to the health of the commercial industry,
I think this one is with us for the foreseeable future. And we're likely to have those increased freight and
logistics costs stick with us until we can see the degrees of freedom in commercial aviation begin to get
much healthier and more active versus the levels today.

So if you hear my comments about that margin headwind being around for a while, I sort of disconnect
that from the fundamental health of the supply chain. I think we're back -- our suppliers are back to pre-
COVID levels of output exiting the current fiscal quarter. I think the balance of the calendar year, we make
up for lost volumes. Hard to predict at this point when the commercial aviation channels begin to free up
to something similar to what we saw pre-COVID. Hopefully, that sheds some light on how we're seeing
things, John, and answers your question.

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's really helpful. And then as my follow-up, Gary, there's been a lot of investor focus on the
opportunities you might have in China and maybe some of the risks associated with that from just a
geopolitical perspective. Over the weekend, we kind of got a different flavor of that with some arguments
about perhaps more domestic manufacturing of leading-edge semiconductors, not only here in the U.S.,
but there were some articles out of Japan. I guess I'd be curious, I know it's early. I'd love to get your
thoughts on this potential drive for more sovereign manufacturing of leading-edge chips. And as you think
about that opportunity, would this be sort of redundant capacity in your estimation? Or would it be growth
capacity? Or how do you think that plays out over the coming years?

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Thanks for the question, John. So this has been discussed for a while, but the focus certainly
has been increasing with the current geopolitical situation. I can't, of course, share any details of any
discussions I've had with anyone on the topic. But for sure, this is a good opportunity for the United States
and also for Applied. And we'd be very supporting -- supportive of making the concept a success.

If we look at when our customers go into different geographic regions, it does create a good opportunity
for us. If we look at some of our major customers, I'm not going to talk about anyone in specific, but it
creates a really great service opportunity for us as they move into a different geographic location where
they don't have the same nucleus or critical mass of technical horsepower. So as we've had discussions
with some of the customers that are thinking about moving into different geographic locations, support, of
course, is one of the key aspects of their decision-making. And so again, I think it could be a really good
opportunity for Applied Materials. And certainly, from a geopolitical standpoint, a good thing for the United
States for this opportunity.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on operating in such a tough environment with the results. So first question, either for Dan.
When I look at the second half, you said that there's going to be $650 million that got impacted in April
that's going to flow through in the second half of this year. If you strip out the $650 million, is it fair to
assume second half revenues would be lower than the first half revenues? And then I have a follow-up.

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

Yes, Krish. Just give me a second to pull up the model. Yes, I wouldn't necessarily say that's true. And
here's why I go there.

First, we talked about supply chain getting back to pre-COVID levels of output throughout our fiscal Q3.
So that's an exit rate comment. And implicit in that exit rate comment is the fact that they're not able to
supply true end-market demand throughout Q3. And we exit Q3, as Gary talked about in his prepared
comments, with record backlog in our semi-related business, SSG plus AGS and actually record orders in
Q2 as well. So demand continues to be strong. And the supply chain will get healthier exiting Q3 and then
make up volumes from unmet demand to date through Q3 -- or I'm sorry, fiscal Q4 and fiscal Q1.

So we think we exit the calendar year shipping to true end-market demand. So there's a bit of a bleed-
over of this dynamic into the next fiscal year. And so I think given what we've seen from an order
standpoint and what we're entering Q3 with from a backlog perspective, I still think we see strength in the
back half of our year.

If we break that down by device type, what do we see? We see continued strength throughout the year in
foundry/logic. We talked about a broadening of our order book in foundry/logic. We talked about multiple
customers, multiple nodes. We talked about some softness as it relates to things like auto and industrial
and consumer end markets, and that's more trailing node geometries. What we're seeing on the leading
edge continues to be strong.

As we think about memory, a quarter ago, we talked about the second half of the year being the swing
factor, and that construct still holds. From a memory standpoint, calendar year Q4 is still beyond the
horizon of visibility. And so we do think we're in a strong environment, and we think the company
performed pretty well in the back half of the year even without the $650 million that the -- we were
unable to meet in the most recent fiscal quarter.

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. That's really helpful, Dan. And then just as a follow-up, thanks for the color on your view on the
commerce department ruling. I'm curious on the services side, how much of your revenue comes from
China? And if you assume things go negative with the commerce department ruling for you or for the U.S.
semi cap companies, what happens to the service revenue associated, especially on the foundry side,
when you have existing tools out there?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So thanks, Krish. Let me just try to walk through a little bit of the construct. As we think about
the business we do in China today, there, we do both semiconductor business and display business. So
I'm going to walk you through a bit of a framework of how to think about it to get a sense of how much
service business is done in China. So just bear with me as I walk you through this framework.

So we do both display and semiconductor business, as you know, in China. So if we take 2019, you had
about 29% of our overall company revenue done in China. We've got a large display business, $1.6 billion,
almost $1.7 billion in fiscal year 2019. The vast, vast majority of that business goes into China. So if you
extract that from the overall China business, that gives you a pretty good look at the size of the semi
systems and service business that's done in China.

If I then disaggregate it and take the service segment out of that revenue pool, and you think about kind
of the corporate average service to semi systems, it's kind of a 70-30 split, give or take. And so I think
that gives you a sense. When you extract the display revenues, you get a clean look through on the semi-
related business in China. And then you think about it as a 70-30 split. Gives you a sense. But you also
have to keep in mind that, that service business and systems business service both multinationals and the
domestic industry. And the rough order of magnitude of how the systems business splits up across those
2 dimensions, think of it maybe 65% domestic, 35% multinational. That gives you a rough framework of
how to think about the decomposition of the China business. And hopefully, that helps give you a little

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

insight into how to think about that business without being point specific because we don't disclose that
level of detail.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.

Harlan Sur
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

On the foundry/logic side, the leading foundry supplier has steadily moved down the path of Moore's Law
on the equipment industry has certainly benefited from their aggressive technology migration cadence.
Now it looks like that your large logic customer is also getting back on track to executing to a 2-, 2.5-year
cadence on node migration after about a 3- or 4-year pause and probably a lot of views. So sounds like
you have multiple large customers in foundry and logic moving at an aggressive cadence over the next
few years. How are you guys thinking about the mix of WFE spend foundry/logic versus memory over the
next few years?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Harlan. So as we take a look at what happened in 2019 and then talk about what we see in
2020 -- but then I also want to project forward. So just kind of breaking it down a little bit.

We talked about a quarter ago WFE being about $51 billion, $52 billion in 2019. We think we see the
market pretty well. Subsequent to our earnings call a quarter ago, VLSI came out and sized 2019 at $51.5
billion. So right in the middle of how we were thinking about it. So we feel good about that view, and it's a
good number around 2019.

We think about how you decompose that WFE number in 2019 by device type. And it's roughly 60%
foundry, 40% memory, balanced across the 2 device types in memory. That gives you a rough order of the
structure of the market in 2019. And while I think it's premature today to size the market for a variety of
reasons that we can go into, premature to size the market in 2020, we think the rough order of split by
device type looks and feels similar to what we saw in 2019. So again, another year of 60% foundry/logic,
40% memory with balance between device types.

As we look forward, we talk about the new playbook. We talk about suite of innovation that this company
is bringing to market, the ability to integrate those technologies, the ability to drive onboard sensors
and metrologies to dial in process recipes faster. There's a clear enablement strategy by this company
to drive our customers' power performance area, cost and time road maps. We think we're incredibly
well positioned to do that against the backdrop of rising capital intensity over time. With time being a
really important element of this, we play -- we have the opportunity to play a really valuable role with our
customers and driving that time to market dimension across that new playbook.

And that puts us in a really strong position competitively. And we think the dynamic of the position, the
innovation, where the market's going in terms of time to market as well as rising capital intensity, we feel
good about where the spend profile in foundry/logic is going over time. So while I can't be point specific
going forward, I think I gave you some insight in terms of how we, as a company, are thinking about this
trend off of where we sit today.

Harlan Sur
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. Extremely helpful. And then within your framework for the fiscal second half of the year from a
revenue perspective, how should we think about the trajectory of OpEx for the remainder of the fiscal year
from the Q2 levels?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

So if we go back a quarter, we said for the last 3 quarters of our fiscal year, we would from a planning
assumption standpoint, think about $820 million of OpEx per quarter. As you can see in the current
environment, clearly, there're savings from a travel standpoint, but the company also did a good job
from a discretionary spend perspective. And R&D as a percent of OpEx in the most recent quarter is
almost 70%, 69.5%. The company is doing a really good job controlling discretionary spend. And we were
able to do better than that original guidance around $820 million. I think given where we sit today in an
environment that's defined by a little bit higher operating expenses, I think a good planning assumption
for us is to keep the $820 million as the right way to think about it.

This is a company that will always be disciplined around what we do and how we do it. There's no sacred
cows and no entitlement to spend. We will be very disciplined around discretionary spend and make sure
that we channel those resources towards fuel for future growth. But $820 million is the right assumption in
the back part of our fiscal year. If there's an opportunity to do better, we certainly will.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Pierre Ferragu with New Street Research.

Pierre C. Ferragu
New Street Research LLP

It's very, very refreshing to hear you talking about the rest of the year with, I would say, a good -- a nice
dose of optimism. It's nice to see that the value chain is going -- seems to be well engaged. And I was just
trying to think through what would be the downside risk against your current view. So if you're thinking
2020 could be in line with 2019, that's in the context of still a lot of uncertainty being out there. And to
me, the big uncertainty is in demand and the general macroeconomic environment.

And so I was wondering in a world in which things do not recover in the second half and actually, the
macro environment is very difficult, and in particular, consumer demand for smartphones, for PCs, for
consumer electronics get badly hit, how do you think it's going to affect investment plans of your clients?
And maybe another way to put it is in the revenues you see between now and the end of your fiscal year,
how much do you think is driven by like the technology train, and it's going to happen, and it has to go
through? And how much could be actually adjusted down if the industry has to scale down significantly on
capacity, on manufacturing volumes?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Okay, Pierre. Let me just try to -- there's a lot in there. Let me try to hit these.

So first, I want to just maybe address the framing of the question. When we said profile in 2020 similar to
2019, that was kind of a percent split across device types. I think it's too early to be point specific on the
aggregate dollar amount of WFE spend. But what we want to do though is communicate in an attempt to
be helpful, communicate about what we see and hear from our customers and what we're see and hear in
our business and then extrapolate that towards a view on a market.

So what do we see in our business? We see Q1 of our fiscal year our semi-related businesses, SSG and
AGS, up 18% year-over-year. Q2, we saw strong demand, but we're actually supply chain limited. Despite
that, we were up 13% year-over-year in those 2 businesses. So the first half of our fiscal year, we're
up about 16% year-over-year in our semi-related business. We enter Q3, record backlog in those 2
businesses. And based on what we're seeing and hearing from customers, we're planning for Q3 to be up
sequentially. And then we're expecting it to be up again in Q4. And our view for the fiscal year is strong
double-digit growth of our systems business.

Now as we think about WFE in the back half of the year, the best framing that I can give you, independent
of what we see and hear from our customers because we feel good about our business, what we've see
and hear -- I'm sorry, what we -- the best way to frame the back half of WFE, I think there's going to be
2 factors that influence WFE in the back half of the year. There's what the customers do, and then there's
what the supply chain does as it gets healthier.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

And we know and are aware of the economic, macroeconomic environment. We're aware of what's going
on. We see pluses and minuses. Cloud, data center, PC, comm infrastructure are still showing signs of
strength. It's offset by softness in things like auto, industrial, consumer, travel, leisure. So we do have
that push and pull from a macro environment standpoint, and we see those pluses and minuses playing
out in the market. Too early for us to decide how that ultimately plays out. Then you have to overlay the
comments we made on the supply chain. The combination of those 2 will influence the shape of WFE in the
back half of the year. That said, we feel good about where we sit looking into our Q3 and our Q4.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.

Joseph Lawrence Moore
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. I wonder just in terms of the way that you've characterized the coming quarter, you didn't give
guidance, but then you gave fairly specific segment guidance. Can you just talk about the message we
should be taking away from that? Is that just that there's the segment guidance, but there's uncertainty
around it? And why not just guide with a wider range, if that's the case?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Joe. I wouldn't read anything into it other than if we were to go back 3 months and think
about our Q1 earnings call, what we knew at the time was we had a hot spot in China. The rest of the
globe was fine. Based on what we saw, we derisked our guide by $300 million, and we talked about
it being $150 million semi systems, $100 million in display and $50 million in AGS. And against that
backdrop, we executed really well in display and AGS. We fell short in semi systems. And then you ask
yourself, why we fell short? There was a concurrent shelter-in-place order issued for 6 weeks of our
quarter that impacted a material part of the supply chain. That was unknowable at the time we guided a
quarter ago.

And given the potential for other aspects of this COVID pandemic to spring up in unexpected places, we
felt it was prudent to not guide but share, in an attempt to be helpful, share what we're seeing in the
business. And we tried to strike the right balance between openness and transparency and trying to be
helpful without putting a number out there that there's things that could potentially happen we have no
control of. We can't execute our way out of a complete shutdown of our supply chain and nursing it back
to health that impacted 6 weeks of our quarter. That was an unknowable event at the time we guided.
So it's nothing more than trying to strike the right balance between that transparency and prudent in an
environment, recognizing the elevated macro risk of where we sit today around the world.

Joseph Lawrence Moore
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of the second half memory spending, I guess when I talk to your
memory customers, they're -- it's basically sounding like Q2 is pretty solid still. But most of them are
conveying a fair amount of uncertainty as to the back half and talking about memory companies not being
a leading indicator and seem to be getting ready for a variety of scenarios. So as you think about that
spending pattern, is it -- is enough of it a technology spending that you feel like this is pretty solid kind of
regardless of the memory pricing environment? Or is some of it, I guess -- just what's any vulnerability to
conditions worsening in the second half?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

So what I would say to that is we shared with you what we're seeing and hearing from customers today.
I think we recognize that there's pluses and minuses at play in the market. We try to be open about what
we're seeing on both sides of that ledger.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

And what I would say is we're just going to continue to be very vigilant at the business. We're going to
be ready to respond quickly as the situation evolves. We'll continue to be transparent, and we will let you
know what we see each quarter, but hard at this point to call it with precision exactly how that unfolds and
profiles in the back part of the year. And so let's take it 1 quarter at a time, and we'll share with you what
we see along the way.

Michael Sullivan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Joe. Dan, anything you'd like to say before we close the call?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Mike. I'd like to share our best wishes to everyone who's been affected by the COVID situation.
I'd also like to sincerely thank our employees for adapting to a difficult environment and showing strong
support for our customers. They've done a truly strong job, and we appreciate it.

Our company is privileged. It's privileged to play a big role in enabling the work from home and the
learn from home and enabling those technologies that the world needs right now. We're mindful of the
macroeconomic risks, but our business is broader, more resilient than it has been in the past, and we
continue to see strength throughout the second half of our fiscal year. We will stay close to the investors
throughout this situation. Gary and I, we're going to be at the Bernstein conference in a couple of weeks.
I'm going to attend events hosted by Needham and Cowen and BofA. So we hope to see many of you
soon.

Stay safe. Be healthy. Mike, let's close the call.

Michael Sullivan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Thanks, Dan, and we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of our call is going to
be available on the website by 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time. And we would like to thank you for your continued
interest in Applied Materials.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 14, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

