Aptiv PLC NYSE:APTV
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(1.35)

(1.10)

Revenue  (mm)

1882.37

1960.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2020 11:48 AM GMT

NM

4.12

0.69

0.98

3.69

3189.57

11934.15

14434.42

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.26

1.02

0.35

(1.35)

1.27

1.15

0.68

(1.10)

0.79 %

12.75 %

94.29 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Elena Doom Rosman
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Armintas Sinkevicius
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Brian Arthur Johnson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Patrick McNally
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Dan Meir Levy
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Daniel V. Galves
Wolfe Research, LLC

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to Aptiv's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shelby, and
I'll be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions]

Elena Rosman, Aptiv's Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.

Elena Doom Rosman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining Aptiv's Second Quarter
2020 Earnings Conference Call. To follow along with today's presentation, our slides can be found at
ir.aptiv.com.

Today's review of our actual financials exclude restructuring and other special items and will address
the continuing operations of Aptiv. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures for our Q2
financials are included in the back of today's presentation and the earnings press release.

Please see Slide 2 for a disclosure on forward-looking statements, which reflect Aptiv's current view of
future financial performance which may be materially different from our actual performance for reasons
that we cite in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings, including uncertainties posed by the COVID-19
pandemic and the difficulty in predicting its future course and impact on the global economy.

Joining us today will be Kevin Clark, Aptiv's President and CEO; and Joe Massaro, Senior Vice President
and CFO. Kevin will provide a strategic update on the business, and then Joe will cover the financial results
in more detail.

With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Clark.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Elena, and good morning, everyone. Beginning on Slide 3, I'd like to spend a minute providing
an update on how Aptiv is responding and contributing to the fight against COVID-19. We've concentrated
our efforts on ensuring the health and safety of our people, the communities where they live and where
we operate as well as the safe and efficient restart of our operations so that we can flawlessly serve
our customers around the world and at the same time, we've taken incremental actions to preserve our
financial strength and enhance our competitive position as we emerge from this crisis. We're proud to be
one of the GlobalGiving partners that are supporting hospitals and clinics treating COVID patients around
the world, and our Aptiv team members have gone the extra mile, delivering urgent health care supplies
and volunteering their time and personal resources to help stop the spread of the coronavirus in their local
communities.

Our Safe Start protocols, the additional safety measures that we put in place at the very start of the
pandemic and have been shared with customers, suppliers and government agencies across the globe
have allowed for the safe and successful restart of each of our facilities worldwide, allowing us to
effectively ramp up operations. I'm proud of how well we performed in these challenging times, and I'm
grateful for our team's passion and sense of urgency, ensuring our efforts are making a real difference.

Moving to Slide 4. As expected, the second quarter proved to be challenging, with COVID-related
shutdowns driving unprecedented declines in vehicle production in both North America and Europe.
Despite the depth of declines in April and the slow phasing of restart operations beginning in May, a
rebound of vehicle production in China, combined with solid operating execution, contributed to better-
than-expected financial results. Global vehicle production declined 54% while our revenues declined
43% to almost $2 billion, 11 points favorable to the underlying vehicle production market. EBITDA and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

operating income losses totaled $49 million and $229 million, respectively, and earnings per share was a
loss of $1.10.

Looking at each geographic region, the economy in China continued to improve, resulting in better-than-
expected bounce back in vehicle production, which was up 6%. Vehicle production declined 68% in North
America and 62% in Europe, reflecting the complete shutdown in both regions during the month of April
and the slow restart of operations beginning in May. While retail demand in North America and Europe has
improved, production schedules remained somewhat volatile, primarily the result of periodic supply chain
disruptions principally in Mexico due to COVID-19. And visibility into the pace of recovery in the second
half of the year remains low, which is reflected in our outlook for vehicle production to be down 10% to
15% versus the same period of prior year. The deliberate actions we've taken to strengthen our business
model over the last few years, including portfolio changes and cost structure initiatives, have positioned us
to respond and adapt in this much more challenging environment.

Turning to Slide 5. Despite the challenging macro environment, the proactive steps we've taken to protect
our employees, to deliver for our customers and enhance our financial strength have put us in a strong
position to continue executing our strategy. As it stands today, we're fully operational with each of our 126
major manufacturing sites up and running, all employing our standardized safety protocols, allowing us to
operate across our global network at roughly 85% of our normalized capacity and even higher at some of
our manufacturing locations.

As our facilities prepare to restart operations, we have the resources in place to safely ramp up production
once we receive the necessary government approvals in alignment with customer production schedules
which were, as I mentioned, very volatile during the quarter. I'm happy to say that as a result of the
strong coordination and collaboration with our supply chain partners, we had 0 customer disruptions
during our restart of operations.

With the learnings from the successful restart of production, we've gained meaningful experience in
operating safely with COVID-19, which is critical. We believe that the residual impacts will remain with
us for some time, resulting in lower production volumes and continued operational inefficiencies. And as
such, we're not expecting a rapid recovery and continue to be cautious as we plan for 2021. However,
the demand for our industry-leading portfolio of advanced technology solutions align to the safe, green
and connected megatrends remains as strong as ever, as evidenced by the increase in program launch
volumes year-to-date. And as a result, we continue to make the necessary investment to support the
strong pipeline of new business pursuits and new program launches in 2020 and beyond.

Since the COVID-19 outbreak earlier this year, our teams have been working collaboratively, focusing on
the health and well-being of our employees and then identifying unique value-added solutions for our
customers. To do so, we have leveraged technology to do more with digital tools. By upgrading our data
center hardware and network connectivity, we are able to significantly enhance the scale and the quality of
our employee conferencing and collaboration capabilities, keeping our workforce connected and operating
more efficiently, allowing for the uninterrupted execution of our strategic imperatives. In summary, we
continue to build on our strong track record of execution and innovation and remain focused on delivering
for our customers and at the same time, making Aptiv even more resilient.

Turning to Slide 6. New business bookings totaled $5.9 billion year-to-date, reflecting the impact of
challenges related to operating with COVID-19 over the last 6 months. As the situation stabilizes, we
expect a more normalized run rate of new business awards to occur during the second half of this year.
Our Advanced Safety and User Experience segment booked approximately $1 billion in the first half of
the year, as a handful of customer awards have been pushed to the second half of the year. And our
Signal and Power Solutions segment had new business bookings totaling roughly $5 billion year-to-date,
including $700 million of high-voltage electrification awards driven by the rapidly increasing demand
for electrified vehicle platforms, the result of more stringent CO2 regulations and increasing consumer
demand.

So in summary, our new business bookings over the last several years reinforces our ability to sustain
strong above-market growth well into the future, underscoring the strength of our portfolio of market-
relevant technologies, aligned to the safe, green and connected megatrends.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Turning to Slide 7. Our competitive moat is expanding just as the total addressable market in both our
core automotive and new and adjacent markets continues to grow. Our core markets are expected to
increase over 50% the next 5 years, reaching $120 billion, with the most significant portion of that growth
coming from Aptiv's safety and high-voltage electrification, 2 markets where we have a very strong
competitive position. In addition, our traditional strengths in areas such as central compute, engineered
components, and vehicle architecture enable us to unlock incremental opportunities in adjacent markets,
and our capabilities in software development and data analytics position us well for opportunities in
new markets, including connected services and autonomous driving which bring new business models
with recurring higher-margin revenue streams. The opportunities in our core new and adjacent markets
position us for more profitable and sustainable growth in 2025 and well beyond.

Turning to Slide 8. Our strong track record of new business bookings and revenue growth over market
are proof points that our portfolio strategy is well aligned to the areas of growth within our industry. As
a result, we continue to fully fund investments in several strategic growth initiatives, including advanced
ADAS systems, high-voltage electrification and vehicle connectivity, all markets that are poised for
continued robust growth in the years ahead.

Highlighting a few examples. In Advanced Safety and User Experience, our unique approach to compute
centralization and satellite sensors has been a game changer for the industry, with 5 OEMs launching
our first-in-industry scalable ADAS platform over the next 18 months. We secured $8 billion of lifetime
bookings on the satellite architecture platform to date, which will be deployed across 10 million vehicles
over the next 5 years. More importantly, our Gen 2 platform will increase our lead with the deployment
of next-generation perception systems, the extensive use of AI and a higher level of software abstraction
that will deliver even more consumer value while enabling new business models for Aptiv.

In our Signal and Power Solutions segment, we're leveraging our industry-leading position in vehicle
architecture to become the partner of choice for both our traditional OEM and emerging customers
planning to launch electrified platforms. By incorporating our portfolio of high-voltage electrification
solutions, including the conductors, connectors, electrical sensors and cable management systems, we're
able to dramatically reduce the weight and physical size of the electrical distribution system by up to 40%,
thereby reducing costs.

And lastly, our customers are looking for more intelligent, connected and integrated solutions to detect
and address warranty issues faster and resolve them much more efficiently. We're currently working with
1 global OEM to meet its goal of connecting 100% of all new vehicles with our connected edge hardware
and software application, enabling a much higher level of customer satisfaction and significantly reduce
warranty expense.

Turning to Slide 9. Our ability to leverage our unique full-stack systems capabilities is helping our
customers realize their future technology road maps. They understand that changes in vehicle architecture
are critical to delivering the feature-rich, highly automated vehicles they need in the future. As a result,
our customers are converging around new architectures to deliver the higher contented, more safe,
green and connected vehicles of the future, where we know how to provide value. Thanks to our unique
position as the only provider of both the brain and the nervous system of the vehicle. We serve as a strong
collaboration partner for increasingly complex architectures on the path to SVA, with industry-leading
capabilities in power and data, compute, perception systems, software and sensor fusion.

Our customers recognize Aptiv as a technology partner capable of both the design and manufacturing of
advanced hardware, fully integrated into the most complex vehicle systems which, combined with our
differentiated and modularized software capabilities, creates value for our customers at every level of the
stack, accelerating their development of the safe, green and connected features consumers want with the
proven automotive-grade systems that they can trust.

Smart Vehicle Architecture is a scalable architecture solution that lowers the total cost of ownership for the
OEM while also unlocking the opportunity for Aptiv to capture more value in the vehicle.

I'll wrap up on Slide 10 before I hand the call over to Joe. Despite the challenges we faced in the last
6 months, we remain laser-focused on continuing our track record of outperformance and long-term

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

value creation as we execute our strategy and deliver on our vision for the company. The vision is the
logical extension of our business strategy, leveraging our unique position at the intersection of the safe,
green and connected megatrends that are transforming our industry, allowing us to outperform in any
environment. Through the rigorous execution of our strategy, we've been creating more sustainable
business defined by improved revenue diversification across regions, customers, vehicle platforms
and end markets and accelerated and more predictable growth profile, increased profitability and cash
flow, growing sales faster than costs and converting more income to cash with significant upside from
disciplined capital deployment, all of which results in meaningful shareholder returns.

With that, I'll hand the call over to Joe to take us through the second quarter results in more detail.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Starting with a recap of the second quarter financials on
Slide 11. As Kevin highlighted earlier, it was another difficult quarter for Aptiv in the industry. At the time
of our last earnings call, China was starting to come back online, and customers had shut down operations
in Europe and North America, which lasted well into May. Despite the extent of the shutdown, we had
strong execution across our businesses as we learn to operate safely in a COVID-19 environment.

Revenues of $2 billion were down 43% as vehicle production declined 54%. Despite the sudden and
severe COVID-related declines, we worked hard to achieve near breakeven levels in the second quarter.
As a result, adjusted EBITDA was a loss of $49 million, better than we planned, attributed to strong
cost management with austerity measures of approximately $135 million and better manufacturing
performance as we restarted our operations as well as slightly higher volumes. Adjusted earnings per
share in the quarter was negative $1.10 and assumes the convertible preferred shares issued last month
were treated as if they were outstanding in the weighted average share count.

Lastly, operating cash flow was negative $106 million, including working capital usage of only $107 million,
a testament to our team's ability to efficiently manage working capital as production ramped up in June.

Looking at second quarter revenues in more detail on Slide 12. Adjusted growth was down 43%, reflecting
11 points of growth over market. Despite volumes declining by $1.5 billion, we saw strong growth over
market in every region. Price downs were approximately 1.5% and unfavorable foreign exchange in
commodities of approximately $80 million.

Our regional performance reflects the timing and pace of restart activities around the world. Starting with
North America, vehicle production declined 68% (sic) [ 64% ] in the quarter. Our operations resumed
later in May, about 2 weeks after Europe, and we saw a favorable platform mix as OEMs prioritized
higher-contented vehicles as they began rebuilding inventory. In Europe, we continued the trend of
strong double-digit market outgrowth, driven by continued interest in active safety and high-voltage
electrification platforms. And lastly in China, our revenues increased 14%, outpacing the market by 8
points, driven by a significant increase in new launches, which we expect to stabilize in the back half of the
year.

Moving to the segments on the next slide. Advanced Safety and User Experience revenues declined 47%
in the quarter, reflecting 7 points of growth over market, with outgrowth across all product lines. AS &
UX EBITDA declined 129%, driven primarily by lower volumes. For compatibility purposes, the automated
driving spend that is now part of the Aptiv/Hyundai joint venture, is excluded from the prior year results.

As Kevin mentioned, we are seeing some COVID-19 effects and OEM launch schedules, with certain
launches pushed into late 2020 or early 2021.

Turning to Signal and Power Solutions. Revenues were down 42%, reflecting 12 points of growth over
market, driven by the unfavorable impact of customer shutdowns in the quarter, partially offset by market
outperformance in our high-voltage electrification and Engineered Components product lines as well
as better performance in our industrial end markets, some of which continued operating as essential
businesses during the shutdown. EBITDA in the segment declined approximately 100%, primarily driven
by lower volumes and inefficiencies associated with the shutdown and subsequent restart.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Turning to the next slide. I'll provide some further perspective on how Aptiv's flexible operating model
is allowing us to manage through the current environment. Starting with more diversified revenue
growth. Our disciplined growth strategy has allowed us to shift more of our revenues to faster-growing
areas within automotive such as higher-contented trucks and SUVs and active safety and high-voltage
electrification solutions where penetration is driving significant growth while we continue to expand our
capabilities and reach in commercial vehicles in diversified end markets, all of which has allowed us to
sustain strong secular growth over market.

We also remain laser-focused on optimizing our cost structure and redeploying those savings into higher-
return investments for growth. As previously discussed, over the last several years, we've worked hard
to lower our overall costs, improve efficiency and lower our breakeven levels as evidenced by our second
quarter performance, which includes the additional costs associated with operating with COVID-19. We
will continue to rationalize our fixed costs in light of the lower production environment as we head into
2021 and focus our productivity initiatives in areas that structurally lower our costs, improve service
levels and enhance the flexibility of our business model to position the company for better through-cycle
performance.

Our financial framework includes reinvestment in our businesses, both organically and inorganically
and further positions the portfolio for accelerated growth and margin expansion, allowing us to deliver
flawlessly for customers and enhancing our through-cycle resiliency. Our continued focus on long-term
shareholder value ensures we make the appropriate trade-off between short-term goals and executing
our long-term strategy. As we navigate the second half of the year, we will continue to utilize our safety
protocols to ensure we protect our employees and deliver for our customers. We invest in our growth
businesses with high ROI CapEx investments, largely to support new customer wins and expansion
of key product lines and be disciplined acquirers by increasing scale and leverage in our Engineered
Components businesses and enhancing our auto tech capabilities in software, artificial intelligence,
machine learning and systems engineering. The consistent execution of our strategy, even in the face
of today's unprecedented challenges, is a major differentiator for Aptiv and an important lever for
shareholder value generation going forward.

Turning to the next slide and the outlook for vehicle production in the second half. While operations have
resumed, customer schedules remain very fluid. We have tightened our outlook for vehicle production
this year to a decline of approximately 25%, assuming a slow ramp-up and vehicle production declines in
every region in the second half.

Starting with North America. In the second quarter, we safely returned 55,000 employees, representing
85% of our labor force with minimal incidence of infections since reopening. That's a testament to the
outstanding job our team has done, putting the right measures in place to safely restart operations and
safeguard employees. However, threat of plant closures and potential customer supply chain disruptions is
something we continue to watch closely as new hotspots arise across the U.S. and Mexico.

In Europe, we saw similar progress. Recovery has been more gradual as stimulus initiatives have helped
stabilize demand and accelerate the penetration of electrified vehicles. And while China production
levels have increased, inventories remain elevated and customers are adjusting schedules accordingly.
The second half outlook is highly variable as the impact on near-term consumer demand and the risk
of additional COVID-related disruptions is reflected in the third and fourth quarter schedules we are
seeing from our customers. As a result, we expect 2020 vehicle production to be around 70 million units
globally. And if we had to snap the chalk line today, we would expect modest end market growth in
2021, effectively adjusting for the shutdowns in the first half of 2020, taking global vehicle production to
approximately 77 million to 78 million units in 2021.

However, despite the near-term end market weakness, the long-term secular growth drivers remain intact.
While growth over market can be choppy on a quarterly basis, we expect full year outgrowth in 2020
in the range of 6 to 8 points, as previously communicated. In summary, our ability to optimize how we
operate in a weak macro environment will allow us to continue to outperform in 2020 and beyond.

Turning to Slide 16. Beginning in Q1, as we saw the impact of COVID-19 shutdowns on our operations,
we took decisive actions to enhance our financial flexibility. The austerity measures we implemented in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

the first quarter, which totaled over $600 million in annualized cash savings, helped preserve our liquidity
and enhance our financial health during the unprecedented volume declines in the first half of the year.
In June, our $2.3 billion equity offering helped to reinforce our financial flexibility against any further
business disruptions during the recovery, while allowing us to continue to invest for growth and take
advantage of additional organic and inorganic investment opportunities. And we subsequently paid down
our revolver in full. As a result, we ended the quarter with $1.9 billion in cash on hand and $4.1 billion of
total liquidity. This, coupled with the actions we have taken in the last few years to strengthen our capital
structure, has allowed us to keep a well-laddered debt maturity profile and extend the weighted average
tenor on our debt. In summary, the proactive steps we have taken to protect our employees, deliver for
our customers, reduce expenses, conserve capital and preserve optionality has put us on an even stronger
footing as we emerge from the current crisis.

With that, I'd like to hand the call back to Kevin for his closing remarks.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Joe. Let me wrap up on Slide 17 before opening it up for Q&A. As I mentioned earlier, the
second quarter proved very challenging as the industry met unprecedented declines in vehicle production
in both North America and in Europe. With the successful return of operations, we believe our robust
business model and the solid execution of our strategy, have validated our through-cycle resiliency and
have differentiated Aptiv, such that even in the most difficult of times, we're capable of capitalizing on
the safe, green and connected megatrends that are driving increased vehicle content and translating that
capability into market share gains. While the near-term outlook for underlying market trends and overall
end market demand for new vehicles remains uncertain, the actions we've taken to enhance our financial
flexibility during the crisis will drive continued financial outperformance.

We're confident that our disciplined approach to capital allocation will lead to additional value creation
opportunities for Aptiv and drive increased shareholder returns. Our confidence in our ability to deliver
sustainable value creation is underpinned by the dedication and commitment of our people, which is our
greatest asset.

I'd like to reiterate how proud I am of our 160,000 team members, who through all of the recent
challenges, have made significant personal sacrifices while continuing to think and act like owners so
that Aptiv could operate safely and deliver for our customers and for our shareholders. Looking ahead,
we're confident that we will emerge from this crisis more unified in our mission in a stronger competitive
position and financially even more resilient.
With that, let's open up the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Dan Galves with Wolf Research.

Daniel V. Galves
Wolfe Research, LLC

Can you talk a little bit about the austerity measures and the COVID cost, I think, about net $100 million
savings in Q2? How much of that is sustained into the second half? And if you could give us any sense of
what we should be modeling in terms of incremental margins on the revenue recovery from the second
quarter.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Dan, it's Joe. You're right. It's about net $100 million. So COVID was about, call it, round numbers,
a little more than $30 million in the quarter. And that's the direct costs, so the cost of PPE and the
like. I think it's fair to assume those continue for a period of time, in theory, as we brought back more
employees. We're currently roughly at 85%. That would go up. That's obviously variable. There's an
element of that that's variable to the employee number.

The austerity measures, Q2 was a fairly significant effort from an austerity perspective, that $135 million
with a lot of people out on furlough and TLO. Obviously, that's harder to sustain or not sustainable once
you get up to 85% production. So those costs have started coming back into the business. The way I
would think about decrementals at this point, I'd expect the back half of the year to look more like Q1,
maybe a little more favorable to Q1 because Q1 had a couple of points in there as related to the China
shutdown. But I'd be thinking more of sort of a Q1 decremental than a Q2, maybe a couple of points
better if we don't experience shutdowns.

Daniel V. Galves
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Great. And just longer term, we are seeing EV and plug-in hybrid adoption ramp up in 2020. How
does that make you feel about your high-voltage targets going out a couple of years?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Dan. I'll make a comment on that. Listen, we feel like we're extremely well positioned from a portfolio
standpoint, principally in that SPS segment to benefit from the drive towards more high voltage, whether
it be battery electric vehicle or plug-in hybrid. And when you look at, at least industry projections as it
relates to high-voltage electrification out to 2025 to roughly, let's call it 25% of vehicle production and well
beyond that in 2030, we feel as though we're extremely well positioned, both based on the strength of our
existing high-voltage product portfolio as well as our competitive position in the low-voltage market, quite
frankly, right? We're on roughly 1 of every 3 to 4 vehicles globally. So we're dealing with those customers,
those traditional OEMs today and have significant opportunities with the emerging OEMs in the future.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Joseph Spak with RBC Capital Markets.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Maybe just a follow-up on the austerity measures. As you sort of evaluate how you do business, and
Kevin, you gave a whole bunch of examples, like is -- do you see an opportunity over time for some of
those to stick? Or is there an opportunity for you to maybe take additional action to make some of those

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

temporary costs more permanent as you sort of reevaluate what the global environment looks like over
the next couple of years?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Maybe I'll start, Joe, and then Joe can certainly chime in. I think we should start with over the
last several years, as you all know, we've been very focused on optimizing our cost structure. So over
the past 3 to 4 years, we've taken out $350 million to $400 million of overhead costs out of our cost
structure. So in reality, as you look at how we've operated historically, there wasn't a whole lot of extra
cost left to reduce. Having said that, given the lower volume outlook for the current year and as we look
at 2021 relative to our perspective a year or so ago, there's opportunity from a footprint and resourcing
standpoint. Obviously, we're evaluating our overall manufacturing and engineering footprint, how we
operate. So there is some opportunity there. Having said that, at least for the foreseeable future, there's
going to be incremental costs related to keeping our employees safe and operating with the safety
protocols.

So there's -- again, there's some opportunity to operate more efficiently. I'm not sure we would tell
you that we learned anything new going through this process. I would say we recognize that vehicle
production is going to be operating at a lower level. Therefore, there are actions we need to take to reduce
our overall cost structure. Joe, is there anything you want to add?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

No. I think that's well said. Joe, the only thing I'd add is I think the discipline and I'll sort of call the
muscle within the organization to manage costs, that's the same discipline and muscle we used to take
the $350 million. It's the same discipline we use to manage Q2 and the austerity measures, and we'll
obviously continue to apply that to a lower volume scenario. They won't necessarily be the same cost, but
I'm confident the organization is very good on executing at these types of things I think as Q2 shows.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think the put -- the comment Joe made about how well we operated in the second quarter, just
to put it in perspective and provide you with a little bit more context. Through Q2, roughly 95% of our
salaried workforce was working from home. And when you look at it on average, on average, roughly 64%
of our global hourly workforce was on TLO, so in periods of time where that was well north of 80%. So the
ability to ramp down production and then ramp back up production to be operating, as we talked about,
at roughly 85% of manufacturing normalized capacity, to do that, manage the supply chain and have 0
customer interruptions is really a testament to how strong the team managed and operated during the
quarter.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. Very impressive. Kevin, maybe just one more. During the quarter, I guess, really in the past month
or so, we saw another high-profile automaker make a big announcement about domain compute and new
architecture. It seems like most of the luxury players are now there and recognizing that is the future. It's
clearly something you've talked about in the past. Are those conversations now starting to migrate down
to some of the mass volume brands? Is cost still an issue? And how scalable is it do you really think from
sort of the high end to the low end? And how do you see that market evolving?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No. I think, Joe, to your point, there's a lot of momentum as it relates to recognition that vehicle
architecture needs to be reevaluated, and the approach to how vehicles are architected and engineered
needs to be changed. I guess as we've communicated before, we're in discussions with, I don't know,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

10 to 12 OEMs regarding Smart Vehicle Architecture, our initiative programs they're working on. You're
right, there's more -- or has been more momentum as it relates to the luxury OEMs, more -- there has
historically been more momentum with the luxury OEMS. I think more recently, you're seeing more
momentum with those who also operate in the mass market. We feel as though we have a solution that
scales from what we can consider more traditional mass-market vehicles up to the luxury segment.

As we've disclosed previously, we have 2 advanced development programs or 2 programs, 2 advanced
development programs with OEMS. There are actually 3 total programs that we believe learnings from our
perspective and from the OEM perspective, you'll see more adoption of the SVA approach across a broader
mix of OEMs. And quite frankly, it's that whole -- it's that trend of domain centralization that you're seeing
in ADAS, that you're seeing in integrated cockpit controllers that you're really seeing across the entire
vehicle. And our second-generation ADAS solution, you'll see a significant step function move forward as
it relates to how that system is architected, extraction of software from hardware and scalability of the
system. So a lot of momentum.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Brian Johnson with Barclays.

Brian Arthur Johnson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just want to drill into some of the drivers over growth in market, in particular, the interplay between new
product launches and then mix impacts. So should we kind of think forward, first of all, the 10% growth
over market in this quarter, then kind of roll forward to the 8-ish percent for the next couple of years. A
few questions. Kind of one, to the extent that OEMs defer programs, how does that factor in? Second, if
the programs when they launch are smaller than when you put together your revenue forecast how much
of a headwind could that be? And then on the more positive side, what is the impact of option mix and
take rates on your organic growth number? And are you seeing any evidence? Certainly, when we talk to
other suppliers, we'll hear things like big-screens ADAS penetrating into all but the most stripped-down
version of mass-market cars. So is that a tailwind?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Brian, it's Joe. Maybe I'll start and then Kevin can jump in. So to start with the caveat, and we've
talked about this historically, but also a lot during the last couple of months just given the shutdowns
and restarts. The growth over market is going to be lumpy over the next few quarters as production just
comes up and what gets produced. With that said, I mean, we're still very confident in that long-term 6%
to 8% growth based on everything we've seen. So when you think about the quarter, things that drove
some of the upside, obviously, in North America, there was a tendency to relaunch some of the higher
content to trucks and SUVs first. So on a relative to sort of restart production, that was a favorable mix
for us. I'd expect that to normalize out. We'll still have great content on those platforms. But as other
platforms come back online in larger numbers, you could see that.

Europe, very consistent with Q1. It was strength in active safety and electrification, high-voltage
electrification. China was helped this quarter by some launch activity. So we saw strong launch activity
that we think will flatten out the back half of the year. We'll also have a comp with some strong launch
activity in the back half of last year in China, so you'll start to see that flatten out again a little -- again, a
bit for the -- just for that back half, and it's transactional. It's nothing long term.

As it relates to lower vehicle production, to date, we got asked this question a lot over the past 2 years,
really haven't seen the elasticity between our outgrowth and vehicle production. And by that, I mean a
shrinking or a closing of the gap, right? We've really been able to stay within the forecasted range, and in
some cases, do a little bit better. At this point, we have no reason to believe that changes. We think we'll
hold up well even with lower vehicle production. Obviously, customer delays or launches, launches at lower
volumes can sort of certainly impact the total revenue dollars. But again, really haven't seen that type of
elasticity. And I think we would agree and Kevin can jump in. We would agree with the comment around

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

sort of the democratization of active safety and some of those technologies being looked to -- looking to
push some of those technologies down to lower models. I don't know, Kevin, if...

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No. I'd just add a couple of things. I think Brian, to the extent we've -- we haven't seen anything, but
to the extent we've heard discussion in and around delays as it relates to like active safety, that would be
in the Level 3 category. And the reality is those revenues are kind of 2025 and beyond. Active safety as a
product helps OEMs sell, and then you have the added benefit of the tailwind of NCAP standards in Europe.
And as you know, the AEB commitment here in North America, driving more demand for active safety and
then it's something consumers want.

As it relates to high voltage, when you look at the cost pressure that the industry -- the incremental cost
pressure that the industry is under, if anything, we've seen a more -- a stronger commitment towards high
voltage and likely stronger demand from OEM customers as well as consumers as they tend to increase
the focus on costs coming down, battery costs coming down as well as performance of the vehicle going
up. And then third, as it relates to vehicle connectivity, the industry, as you know, spending $50 billion
a year on warranty costs. And one of the big solutions is OTA and vehicle connectivity. And with vehicle
connectivity, those costs can be reduced significantly. So that certainly is an area that we've seen a lot of
traction over the last few quarters from an OEM standpoint and expect that to continue.

Brian Arthur Johnson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And sort of a housekeeping, but also a strategic just follow-up. Anything in the quarter or the outlook
outside of light vehicle and commercial gate production? So I guess a couple of things. One, how did
your non-vehicle markets hold up? And what's the outlook? And then second, do you have anything -- a
question you're probably getting in conferences, approaching what you might call recurring revenue from
software either in those industrial or vehicle businesses that maybe also held up differently than global
production.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Brian, also, it's Joe. I'll start with the adjacent markets, the nonauto and CV. Again, small numbers,
relatively speaking, but have actually held up quite well. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a
number of those operations were designated essential businesses and remained open and have -- so
therefore, didn't necessarily need to reopen or come back and have maintained themselves pretty well.

I think you're -- that part of the business, we're looking to sort of be flattish to prior year to down low
single digits, depending on the market, depending on the product. So holding up on a relative basis quite
well. I think as it relates to the ongoing or sort of the more software-like revenue streams, obviously,
that's something we're continuing to develop and to work on. There's nothing sort of significant of that
nature in the actual results today.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to better understand your comment about potential production in 2021. And I think you
talked about 77 million to 78 million units as a current planning assumption. Can you provide more
context about how Aptiv is coming up with that number? Is that primarily based on what your customers
are telling you in terms of their forecast? Or is that more based on Aptiv zone assessments of the market
and third-party estimates and more things of that nature?

Kevin P. Clark

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's really -- it's a mix of both, right? It is July freight. So there is a fair amount of time between now
and the beginning of 2021. But just based on what we're seeing today in front of us, based on dialogue
with customers, based on looking at kind of the macro picture in a view that we're going to be dealing with
COVID for some period of time, that you're going to have some flare-ups of COVID in North America as
well as Europe, that you look at GDP growth and unemployment as we head into the back half of the year,
that a portion of the strength in Q2 and early Q3 production is about rebuilding inventory levels, that -- all
that's factored into our outlook, our early outlook for 2021 vehicle production.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then the company mentioned in the prepared comments that a part of the use of
capital from the recent equity raise could be inorganic opportunities. So I'm hoping to better understand
how active the M&A landscape may be and what areas Aptiv maybe looking to do inorganic investments?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Mark, it's Joe. I think the -- very consistent with where we sort of left off in 2019. So really, bulk
of the activity within SPS always have a sort of a near to the ground for opportunities within ASUX. But
they're just -- just given the nature of that space and sort of how we've outdistanced ourselves sort of
from a product development organically, they're a little bit fewer and far between. So mostly with an SPS,
around the Engineered Components businesses, HellermannTyton connection system bolt-ons, bolt-ons for
Winchester, the non-auto interconnect business.

As expected, the -- we have seen some processes start back up. They tend to be domestic ones and
they tend to be smaller ones at this point. Some of that tends to be just around the travel restrictions
and getting from here to there. But we do have a couple of processes that it did start back up during the
quarter. As I mentioned during the equity raise, we had a number of management presentations that were
canceled in that February-March time frame. We had expected those to start back up. As you may know,
within Engineered Components, those types of deals, a lot of them tend to be private equity owned. So
there's an element of if they're going to be for sale at some point, I think there's opportunities depending
on the end markets. To the extent we can get enough information and get enough visibility around price
discovery, we see some of those coming back in the back half of the year.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Armintas Sinkevicius with Morgan Stanley.

Armintas Sinkevicius
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just wanted to dive in a bit into the growth over market for Signal and Power. As we think about it going
forward, in New York City at least, the skies have never been clear for as long as I've lived here, and
it's hard to imagine that we go backwards here. So -- and then also, there's a proposal in California to
accelerate EV adoption amongst Lyft and Uber. Lyft has promised to go electric by 2030. How do you think
about the upside potential here for Signal and Power as we move forward? Have you seen any pickup? Or
is it a bit muted just given that we're in a COVID environment and everyone's just trying to get through
first before pushing ahead with such initiatives?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Well, day-to-day, right? I think the industry or we think the industry is just trying to push through and
get back on track. But starting, quite frankly, starting last year or quite frankly, the last couple of years,
incremental focus on high-voltage electrification as a propulsion solution, most of that coming out of
Europe and out of Asia Pacific. The one item that maybe COVID has helped accelerate is the cost pressure
associated with developing solutions, ICE solutions as well as electrified solutions. And it appears to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

be more OEMs seem to be, just given capital constraint, more committed on how do we focus on the
development of technology in 1 area versus 2 areas from a cost-effective -- from a cost management or
capital management standpoint, which we believe will ultimately translate into continued acceleration of
high-voltage adoption.

When you look at what's being talked about, at least as it relates to the election here in the U.S. and
the platforms of some of the candidates, clearly more support of electrified vehicles whether that's
funding of technology or incentives for consumers to buy electrified vehicles. And then we tell you the
last tailwind related to high voltage is, quite frankly, consumer demand. I mean we did a survey recently.
Survey respondents, over half said they would entertain buying a high-voltage vehicle and 25% of the
respondents said that they would buy a high voltage or battery electric vehicle as their next vehicle
purchase. So as you can imagine, that's quite a switch from 3 years ago. So our view is high voltage is
a real strong tailwind for our SPS segment. And as Joe has taken you through the numbers in the past,
content in a high-voltage vehicle is quite that on a traditional internal combustion engine vehicle. So it's
unit and content opportunity.

Armintas Sinkevicius
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And just maybe a follow-up. What would have to happen for S&PS to grow, not mid-single digits,
but high single digits, say, next year? What are some of the pieces that would really have to fall into
place? Or is that a bit of a stretch?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I would say based on everything going on, we're certainly not going to speak to 2021, I meant this
at this point. But I -- we're very comfortable with the growth profile we've laid out for SPS. As Kevin
mentioned, there's clearly some upside from the high-voltage business. Our connection systems business,
whether it's on the auto or on the non-auto side, continues to do quite well as does HellermannTyton. But
I think to get to that level, you need to be firing on all cylinders sort of all the time, and we certainly never
assume that's going to be the case. But very comfortable the growth profile we've laid out. That is a great
business. It's performing well on the top line as well as the operating performance. So certainly expect
that to continue even in a weaker environment, 2021.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think one of the points that Joe and I have tried to articulate in our prepared comments is, clearly,
2020 is challenged given COVID. Clearly, the industry is improving, but our view is it's a slow-paced
recovery that impacts 2021. But as it relates to our technology and how we're positioned and the tailwinds
related to the industry and where we sit from a product portfolio standpoint, where we sit from a global
footprint standpoint, we're perfectly positioned. And that all comes together certainly in the out-years. And
we hope it comes back, quite frankly, sooner. But when you think about overall vehicle mix, high-voltage
Level 2+, Level 3 adoption of things like active safety, all vehicles having OTA so we can have more vehicle
connectivity, that's a couple of years out.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Dan Levy with Crédit Suisse.

Dan Meir Levy
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

First, just wanted to ask a question on the outgrowth and as it relates to the launch cadence. And I know
you mentioned it sounds like there are some delays here, but is it still the case that the launch cadence is
still heavily levered to China? And if China is -- and I guess that we all have our own outlook, but if China
is the relatively outperforming region globally, why not provide a stronger outgrowth outlook? Or is it just
conservatism?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

I'd say our launch activity is pretty balanced globally, right? We're launching a number of active safety and
high-voltage products in Europe. Obviously, working through the T1XX SUV launch in North America now.
So I think it's fairly balanced. It's -- our launch activity pre-COVID was always lumpy, right? You go into
one of these big launches and you ultimately level off on a sequential basis and lap on a year-over-year
basis. So that's sort of -- that cadence is continuing. But that's a very consistent story. It's already been
in the past and very balanced. Our regions, certainly not quite 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, but roughly in that direction.
The bookings have been roughly in that direction, and as a result, the launch activity. Again, it can change
over time as big programs launch in different places, but it's a fairly consistent level of activity. It just sort
of cycles through.

We've got a lot of launches in China in Q2. We had a lot of launches in the back half of last year in China.
So you're going to see some sequential sort of stabilization and a little bit of lapping year-over-year. And
again, as we've talked about, that growth over market, while we think it's important as a sort of a full
year metric and a guidepost for thinking about the out-years, it often doesn't shoot straight in a particular
quarter. And given all the disruptions to production over the past 5 months, it's -- going back to China
shutdowns, it's just hard to -- it's hard to expect it to shoot straight every quarter, and I think it will be
like that for the next few quarters.

Dan Meir Levy
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. Just wanted to follow up with a question about active safety and just more broadly,
the market dynamic here. On one hand, obviously, you've seen a lot of momentum and you seem to be
winning the awards, and it's reflected in the bookings. But if we look at the announcement by Ford a week
ago or a couple of weeks ago in which seems to be that they're doing more work directly with Mobileye,
Mobileye doing the sensor fusion, which is typically something that would have been done by the Tier 1. It
seems like the typical relationship where Tier 2 supplies to the Tier 1, Tier 1 packages everything and then
gives it plug-and-play to the OEM that, that relationship isn't holding anymore. So maybe you could help
us reconcile these 2 data points. On one hand, you seem to be getting a lot of momentum. At the same
time, this typical relationship of the Tier 2 to the Tier 1 is shifting a bit. And can you just also comment on
your margin trajectory in active safety, if that's still at corporate average?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So this is Kevin. Why don't I -- so I don't know all the specifics about the Mobileye announcement.
There's clearly a trend from an industry standpoint to head towards platforms, towards scalable platforms.
Based on what we're aware of, the relationship between various providers of perception systems really
hasn't changed. Sometimes that kind of tracking goes through the Tier 1, sometimes it goes directly to
the OEM. I can tell you with respect to the platforms that we're on, we do all the sensor fusion, right? So
it's our radar solution. It's our camera. There's a vision solution from a provider. And as you know, we
have a great relationship with Mobileye, and they're our vision provider. We do all the sensor fusion in our
compute platform, we provide the ADAS controller.

So from our perspective, in the particular example you're talking about based on what we know, and
we feel like we know it pretty well, there's really no change. And you'll see periodic situations where the
OEM for probably quite frankly, for purchasing leverage, decides that they want to contract directly with
a provider. And the Tier 1 continues to do the integration. Some Tier 1s will bring additional capabilities,
whether it's feature development, perception system development do that integration, do that sensor
fusion so that the entire ADAS system operates. And that's clearly how we operate and no change in the
model that we're selling to customers and that we're operating under.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Yes. And then Dan, real quickly, just your margin question. From our perspective, no longer-term changes
in our margin expectations for active safety or the ASUX segment. Clearly, 2020 is a very disruptive year
when you think of the segment being down 129% on EBITDA in the quarter. Obviously, that goes all the
way down to the product lines, right? That's where those costs are. So -- but that high single digit, low
double-digit EBIT profitability we were talking about in prior years and expecting in 2020, the long-term
view of that has not changed.

Operator

We'll take our next question from John Murphy with Bank of America.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I just wanted to clarify one thing on the 85% cap number you're talking about. Is that a staff number?
Was that right at the -- or what exactly does that mean? Was that right at the end of the quarter? And if
we think about going forward, the market numbers you're talking about increasing about 10% next year,
it kind of seems like on a staffed capacity basis, you won't need to add a lot of cost back and everything
that comes in will be variable purchased raws or processed parts purchases. So that incrementals could be
significantly higher going forward. I just want to make sure I understand that, what that 85% means that
you're referring to.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, John, it's Joe. I think it's labor capacity. It's amount of heads we brought back in. I mentioned sort
of that 55,000 folks coming back into Mexico. Obviously, there's some, and we'll be very cautious. At this
point, not going to give 2021 thoughts around incrementals and such, there's a lot of moving pieces but
have those folks back in.

Obviously, there's some inefficiencies around restart, there's some inefficiencies around operating with
COVID in the environment. With that said, I think the restart has gone very well, all things considered.
Where we need to add costs or take costs out going into 2021 is really going to be dependent on
schedules by region and customers by region, right? It's -- you can sort of sit there and say, "Okay, if
you're at 85%, you only think you're up 10%. That sounds like it's leverageable." There's going to be
a little bit of where that is and on what product lines and with what customers before you can sort of
balance that all out. So there's obviously a lot of work to do for us, and we'll work through it over the
next 4 to 5 months here and working through where those moving pieces are and where they are going to
come from.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

But I mean, if we're looking at a market that you have down 25% year-over-year and you're having only
up down -- up 10% next year. I mean I've got to imagine calling back a lot of heads above and beyond
what you've done at this 85% level is probably not going to be necessary. I know there's pockets and
there's regions, and there'll be some ebbs and flows of slight mismatches. But I mean, it seems like you
got the people back you need, for the most part, through the end of next year if the market shakes out
the way that you're talking about. I know there's puts and takes. But I mean, is that a fair statement?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. John, but I think that 85% relates really to kind of late Q2. And if you look at kind of sequential
from Q2 to Q3 to Q4, right, you do see some ramp-up of production. So you'll see us bring back some
additional employees.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Chris McNally with Evercore ISI.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Christopher Patrick McNally
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

One question on margins and then one on second half growth. So on the margins, and Joe, thanks for
the incremental margin comment on second half. But maybe if we can think about it a little bit differently
because theoretically, if production is only down 10%, you have very high content per vehicle growth. The
loss revenue could be actually a pretty small number. You talked about inefficiencies. Could you sort of
put a dollar amount on the extra cost that is being burdened every quarter, at least in the next 2 quarters
from lower efficiencies? And that way we can kind of run a more normalized down 20% decremental and
then just add a number for that lost productivity?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. No, Chris, it's still a little bit of early days for that, right? Again, you've got to remember, we've been
up and running for 3.5, 4 weeks in the quarter with -- in June with that type of activity, so it's a little early
for that. Again, my sense of what we're looking at and certainly what we're working towards or working to
do better would be my earlier comment is to be at Q1 with probably a couple of points of improvement,
Q1 decrementals with a couple of points of improvement, assuming no shutdowns. Because we were shut
down for a period of time in China during Q1, and that obviously adds to -- pretty significantly to the
decremental.

So that's -- apart from the direct cost, as I mentioned to Dan's question, we're -- can see $30 million to
$35 million of cost per quarter direct costs. And then sort of overcoming that to get back down to that
sort of Q1 decremental with maybe a little bit of help from not being shut down. And it's just -- also we're
working through all of that, but you need to run, you need to run consistently, you need some scheduled
normalization here to be able to work through that. And that's what we'll do for 2021. And that will
obviously -- again, as I mentioned, we're very confident in our ability to take a look at our cost structure
and figure out how to do better. I think you've just seen us do over the last couple of years. And obviously,
Q2 is a bit of a testament to that as well. And just need some time to work through that as we get into
2021.

Christopher Patrick McNally
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That makes sense. And then the second question is around the outgrowth in second half. You talked
about the 6% to 8% corridor being reiterated. I think first half is something like 12%, 12%, so it kind
of implies a lower second half. Should we just take that as your normal sort of conservatism? Maybe we
don't have the visibility on all the pushouts. Or is there anything about -- it's a very tough calculation to
do outgrowth given the weighted average. Any just detail around why second half may be a little bit less
strong than first half?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think there's some sort of good old-fashioned lapping launches, so sort of the normal. And then
the other thing, I think, as I've mentioned a couple of times now, you're just going to see as production
of various platforms comes back at different times, that's just going to be a very choppy calculation. But
from what we're looking at, we've had some strong launch activity back half of last year. We've had some
good launch activity even in China in Q2. And some of that's going to sort of flatten out and lap is really
what's driving it. And that's -- there's some of that that's going to be driven by COVID, but that's also just
the way we've historically worked over the past number of years. It's just -- it's not a perfect calculation
every quarter.

Operator

And we'll take our last question from Emmanuel Rosner with Deutsche Bank.

Emmanuel Rosner

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So just a quick follow-up on the second half, I guess, growth over market. When you did the capital
raise, I think one of the goals or opportunities, I guess, was the ability to win away some business from
competitors that automakers essentially approach you towards that. Is that the sort of -- can you give
us an update maybe on how that's been going? And is that sort of things that could materialize in sort of
second half bookings? Or would that be later on?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

No. Yes. Emmanuel, it's Kevin. So no. So are we seeing the opportunity remain? Absolutely. I would
say, given the pressure on the supply chain, both just logistically from a capability standpoint as well as
cost. OEMs seem to be much more focused on strong global capabilities as well as ability to scale and
the opportunity to leverage platforms. And so we're in the midst of a number of discussions about those
opportunities. But those are not opportunities where the revenue switch gets flipped in a quarter or 2,
right? It's a year or 2 years. It's -- a year would be short -- very, very short term. More normally, it's a
couple of years out from a revenue opportunity.

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And for the bookings as well?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

No.The booking opportunity is near term. The revenue, I thought you were talking about revenue.
The revenue opportunity is, in reality, a couple of years out, even if it's an existing program that's
under production. Because the reality is activity needs to be transitioned. Manufacturing needs to be
transitioned. Supply chain needs to be changed. And obviously, OEMs are very sensitive to any risk of
disruption. So that takes some amount of time. But certainly, the bookings opportunities are there. First
half bookings, just given COVID-19, when you look at the level of opportunities, at least since I've been
around here, probably the lowest that we've seen. The booking opportunity, to the extent they don't shift
out of the back half of the year, are at much higher levels than what they've been previously. I think it's
fair to assume, though, just given dealing with COVID, that remains in the environment. There's some
inefficiencies, so there will be some slight shifting. We've talked about it in the past being anywhere
between a couple of months to a quarter, maybe 2. But the opportunities there are real.

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just on the incrementals. I know you haven't commented in much detail
about 2021 yet. I think throughout conferences during the quarter, you sort of suggested that as sales and
volumes recover, the incrementals could be towards sort of like the just normal level and not higher? Is
that still the thinking?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Emmanuel, listen, I think the general takeaway from my perspective at least, is the focus on our
-- keeping our financial framework intact. And I know we've commented on that 20% to 22%. That's
historically what we've seen. We do believe we'll see that go forward. And then there's a number of other
things that are happening in the world, right, around PPE and shutdowns if COVID comes back. And again,
I think it's just very early days to be speculating on those types of things. So I think as you saw with Q2
and hitting that basically breakeven when you think about $35 million of PPE and a negative $49 million
EBITDA number. And we've talked for 2 or 3 years now about getting our breakeven EBITDA down to a
40% decline in revenue. And I think we're -- that was part of our framework. We were effectively there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

So we'll work hard to offset what can be offset. But I think that's -- I tend to stick to the framework when
I think about the business.

Elena Doom Rosman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Well, thank you, everyone, for your participation on today's call. I do want to now turn it over to Kevin
Clark for his closing remarks.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thank you, everyone. We appreciate you attending our call. We hope everyone stay safe, okay?
Take care.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

APTIV PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

