Aptiv PLC NYSE:APTV
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 03, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.01

1.13

11.88

0.91

1.79

1.94

8.38

4.04

3851.91

4212.00

9.35

3712.19

12703.09

13066.00

2.86

15355.39

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-02-2021 5:10 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.35

(1.34)

0.83

1.01

0.68

(1.10)

1.13

1.13

SURPRISE

94.29 %

NM

36.14 %

11.88 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Elena Doom Rosman
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations &
CFO

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Adam Michael Jonas
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Christopher Patrick McNally
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Dan Meir Levy
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Aptiv Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Simon,
and I'll be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions] Elena Rosman, Aptiv's Vice President of
Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.

Elena Doom Rosman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Simon. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining Aptiv's Fourth Quarter
2020 Earnings Conference Call. To follow along with today's presentation, our slides can be found at
ir.aptiv.com. Today's review of our actual financials exclude restructuring and other special items and will
address the continuing operations of Aptiv. The reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures
for both our Q4 financials as well as our outlook for the full year 2021 are included at the back of today's
presentation and the earnings release -- the earnings press release.

Turning to Slide 2. Please see a disclosure on forward-looking statements, which reflect Aptiv's current
view of future financial performance, which may be materially different from our actual performance
for reasons that we cite in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings, including uncertainties posed by the
COVID-19 pandemic and the difficulty in predicting its future course and impact on the global economy.

Joining us today will be Kevin Clark, Aptiv's President and CEO; and Joe Massaro, CFO and Senior Vice
President of Business Operations. Kevin will provide a strategic update on the business, and then Joe will
cover the financial results and our outlook in more detail.

With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Clark.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Elena, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Our 2020 results and our outlook for
the year ahead underscores the work we've done to build a stronger and more sustainable business, one
that grows faster and more profitably and generate more consistent earnings and cash flows. I'm proud
of how well our teams performed during these difficult times, and it remains challenging to meet recovery
demand while managing through the COVID-19 pandemic and the further tightening of the global supply
chain.

Our continued resiliency is a result of the passion and the commitment of our team members to deliver
for our customers and our shareholders. And as a result, we experienced strong fourth quarter financial
results. Revenue increased 14% to $4.2 billion, representing 13 points of growth over the underlying
market. Operating income and earnings per share totaled $476 million and $1.13, respectively, resulting
from strong volume growth, partially offset by incremental manufacturing and logistics expenses
associated with ongoing supply chain challenges, which I'll cover in more detail shortly.

Our 2020 results further validate our business strategy, including revenue growth of 10 points over market
and $18 billion of new business awards, reflecting our unique position at the intersection of the safe, green
and connected mega trends that are accelerating in our industry.

Moving to Slide 4. As we enter the start of the economic recovery, we face a new set of supply chain
challenges while also continuing to operate safely in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our outlook
for 2021 reflects market share gains and content growth in our key product lines, including high-voltage
electrification and active safety, driving 16% revenue growth, 6 points over underlying vehicle production
and translating into strong margin expansion and earnings growth.

We also are forecasting significant cash flow generation, and our ability to reinvest that cash to deliver
incremental value creation is a key component of our investment thesis. At the same time, we're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

closely monitoring and adjusting to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is having on our operating
environment. And our industry is now facing increased pressure from a global shortage in semiconductor
chips, impacting virtually all of our suppliers and customers around the world.

As a result, we expect the environment to remain challenging for at least the first half of the year and
have reflected the uncertainty associated with OEM production schedules and the timing of replenished
inventory levels in our full year forecast for vehicle production, which we now expect to increase 10%
in 2021. While our team is doing an excellent job minimizing these effects, as customers idle plants and
look to prioritize certain vehicle platforms, the costs associated with the related labor and manufacturing
inefficiencies and higher logistics expenses have been included in our financial outlook for the full year.

Due to limited visibility to near-term production schedules, this precludes us from providing guidance for
the first quarter. However, our confidence in the strength of the underlying economic recovery, combined
with the planned second half increase in semiconductor capacity, does give us a reasonable level of
confidence in our full year outlook which Joe will cover in more detail shortly.

Turning to Slide 5. Despite the challenges we currently face, we remain focused on further enhancing
our track record of outperformance and long-term value creation. While our business model has been
tested over the last several months, our performance has validated our industry-leading position and
through-cycle resiliency. As we look ahead, we've positioned Aptiv to continue to outperform with
focused investments that have enhanced our business model and expanded the addressable markets we
served, leveraging our unique brain and nervous system capabilities to deliver even more content on the
electrified software-defined vehicles of the future, yielding accretive growth opportunities in our 2 business
segments and presenting incremental value creation opportunities through smart capital deployment and
delivering meaningful shareholder returns as the economic recovery unfolds.

As shown on Slide 6, fourth quarter new business bookings totaled $7.5 billion, reflecting robust win rates
and a ramp-up in consumer activity. Full year 2020 bookings reached $18 billion, roughly flat compared to
2019 levels when you adjust for the current outlook for global vehicle production.

Our Advanced Safety and User Experience segment new business bookings totaled $4.7 billion for the
year, including $3.7 billion in active safety awards. New business bookings for our Signal and Power
Solutions segment totaled more than $13 billion, including another $2 billion of high-voltage electrification
awards.

We continue to see an acceleration of powertrain electrification, driven by both more stringent CO2
regulations, principally in Europe and China, and the increasing momentum of consumer acceptance in the
U.S.

Our complementary high-voltage distribution and connection systems as well as cable management
solutions significantly reduced the weight and mass of the vehicle architecture through smarter, more
efficient design, perfectly positioning Aptiv to benefit from the twofold increase in addressable content on
a high-voltage electric vehicle.

In summary, the cumulative amount of our new business bookings over the last few years gives us
confidence in our ability to sustain strong above-market growth across both of our business segments,
validating the strength of our portfolio of market relevant technologies aligned to the safe, green and
connected megatrends.

Turning to Slide 7. Aptiv is enabling our customers to accelerate their transition to an electrified software-
defined vehicle by employing a more holistic engineering and development approach to optimize the
software and system solutions that span the full vehicle stack.

Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to fully fund strategic growth initiatives. In last month,
we unveiled the latest result of those investments in our Innovation and Motion Virtual event, which
included Aptiv's Smart Vehicle Architecture, which represents Aptiv's vision for the full electrical and
electronic architecture of the vehicle.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

SVA represents a scalable approach that lowers the total cost of ownership for our OEM customers, while
unlocking more value in the vehicle at the point of aggregation, creating new hardware and software
revenue opportunities for both Aptiv and our OEM customers. Our industry-leading position in domain
controllers and expertise in advanced ADAS solutions provides a terrific launching pad as we work with our
customers on their next-gen architecture solutions.

For customers on the path to SVA, we unveiled our next-gen ADAS platform, leveraging our deep systems
expertise and learning from deploying the industry's largest, most diverse safety installed base over the
last 20 years, with active safety technology in use by 20 different global automakers.

We also highlighted our new approach to zone controllers, which leverages insights from our unique
position with both the brain and nervous system of the vehicle to safely and efficiently distribute
power and up-integrate body functionality while simplifying the vehicle manufacturing process, thereby
enhancing the scalability of advanced vehicle architecture systems. Aptiv will be the first to market with
zone control with a European OEM in 2022, and we have a robust pipeline of commercial pursuits planned
for 2021.

Electrification is also an integral part of the SVA roadmap, and Aptiv has emerged as a partner of choice,
capable of providing comprehensive and optimized high-voltage solutions to our customers. That agility
has led to increased share of wallet with both leading and emerging electric vehicle manufacturers
ramping up production globally, including a leading U.S. EV company, as well as companies such as Rivian,
NIO and Volkswagen.

Lastly, many of these same advancements apply inside the cabin, where we've developed a scalable user
experience platform solution, enhancing performance while reducing total systems costs through seamless
integration of multiple functional domains. As we look to 2021 and beyond, the innovation that we have
in motion will further expand our competitive moat and take us closer to our mission of delivering a safer,
greener and more connected future of mobility.

Before turning it over to Joe, on Slide 8, I want to take a moment to highlight a number of commercial
and technological milestones at Motional, our automated driving joint venture with the Hyundai Motor
Group. In December, Motional announced an agreement with Lyft to launch a multi-market robotaxi
service in major U.S. cities beginning in 2023, utilizing a scalable, automated mobility on demand vehicle
platform developed in partnership with Hyundai and available to customers beginning in 2022.

Last year, Motional also entered into a partnership with Via to deploy self-driving vehicles on their
network in a city to be announced soon. And in January, Motional announced a partnership to deploy Cox
Automotive Mobility's Pivet as their premier fleet service provider. Beginning with Motional self-driving
fleet in Las Vegas, this partnership lays the foundation to support the company as it expands the market
for robotaxis and other major U.S. cities. These commercial developments are underpinned by rigorous
third-party validation and safety assessments, which have allowed Motional to receive approval for testing
of fully driverless systems on public roads in Nevada in early 2021.

In summary, Motional made tremendous progress delivering on its commitments in 2020, paving a way for
commercial success in the years to come.

I'll now hand the call over to Joe Massaro for an overview of our financial results. Joe?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 9, the recovery momentum in the
fourth quarter generated strong sales, income and cash performance in the quarter despite significant
incremental safety, manufacturing and logistics costs associated with operating with COVID and the
mounting supply chain constraints.

Revenues of $4.2 billion were up 14% year-over-year, significantly ahead of vehicle production, which was
up 1% in the quarter. The stronger-than-expected sales volumes resulted in adjusted EBITDA of $678

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

million, up 40 basis points compared to the prior year, reflecting stronger volumes and disciplined cost
management, partially offset by approximately $70 million of COVID and supply chain-related costs.

Earnings per share in the quarter were $1.13, reflecting higher operating income, offset by the Motional JV
and higher share count and tax expense. Operating cash flow was strong at $799 million, driven by higher
EBITDA and lower year-over-year cash taxes.

Lastly, capital expenditures were $95 million, bringing the total to $584 million for the year, just under our
$600 million outlook. Looking at fourth quarter revenues in more detail on Slide 10. Globally, we benefited
from stronger vehicle production as well as increased demand for high-voltage electrical architecture and
engineered components, primarily in Europe and China. North America revenues grew 11% despite the
market being flat, driven by new launch volume and favorable truck and SUV platform mix.

In Europe, the trend of strong double-digit market outgrowth continued as the production rebound
benefited active safety and high-voltage electrification programs.

Lastly, our China growth was 9%, outpacing the market and expectations as a stronger recovery in sales
led to production upside with our major customers, including high-voltage launch volumes.

Moving to the segments on the next slide. Advanced Safety and User Experience revenues increased 7%
in the quarter, reflecting 6 points of growth over underlying vehicle production including double-digit active
safety growth in all 3 major regions. Segment EBITDA declined 1%, excluding the impact of the Motional
JV deconsolidation, primarily driven by the COVID and supply chain cost Kevin mentioned earlier.

Signal and Power Solutions revenue were up 17%, reflecting 16 points of growth over market. We also
saw a strong growth across all product lines and regions, including demand for high-voltage electrification
products in Europe and China, favorable truck and SUV platform mix in North America and industrial end
market recovery globally. EBITDA in the segment increased 17% as strong sales growth offset additional
costs and FX and commodities in the quarter.

Turning now to Slide 12 and the 2021 macro outlook. As Kevin mentioned earlier, the worldwide shortage
of semiconductors impacting the auto industry is limiting near-term production visibility. Based on our
discussions with customers and suppliers, we expect the intermittent disruptions to continue during the
first half of the year and assume the industry should recover the majority of lost production units tied to
these shortages during the second half of the year.

Accordingly, we will not be providing guidance for the first quarter as there is a high likelihood of vehicle
production shifting between the first and second quarters. However, we believe we have adequately
reflected the current situation in our guidance for full year 2021, which estimates global vehicle production
of 84 million units, up 10%.

Looking at the regions. In North America and Europe, improved levels of demand should support stronger
production rates, while a more modest recovery is planned for China following a sharp bounce back in
demand starting in the second quarter last year. While the supply chain remains extremely tight, we are
doing everything we can for our customers to meet increased levels of demand. And we are confident
our leading industry position in technologies aligned to the safe, green and connected megatrends
will continue to yield strong growth above market, consistent with the framework we have previously
provided.

Turning to Slide 13. Despite the uncertainty that remains near term, we are confident in the guidance
range for 2021. For the year, we expect revenue to be in the range of $15.1 billion to $15.7 billion, up
16% at the midpoint, with 6 points of growth over market, driven by our portfolio of relevant technologies.

EBITDA and operating income are expected to be $2.4 billion and $1.6 billion at the midpoint, respectively,
with margins approaching 2019 levels. Despite $100 million of COVID-related operating costs and
given the volatility in customer schedules and supply chain disruptions, we are incurring additional
manufacturing and logistics costs, which we have estimated at $80 million for the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Lastly, benefits of our ongoing performance initiatives are more than offsetting the lapping of $150 million
of austerity measures taken in 2020 during the pandemic-related shutdowns. We expect earnings per
share in the range of $3.35 and $3.85 a share or $4.20 to $4.70 per share when excluding the impact of
the equity losses of our Motional joint venture.

High year-over-year noncash operating losses in the Motional JV reflect the finalization of purchase
accounting, in addition to higher spending as Motional prepares to meet the commercial milestones Kevin
highlighted earlier. Lastly, we expect operating cash flow of $1.85 billion.

Turning to Slide 14 on the segments, beginning with Advanced Safety and User Experience. We expect
growth over market of 13 points, translating into approximately $4.4 billion of revenue in 2021, driven by
new launches and continued strong active safety growth. EBITDA margins approximately 13% reflect 5
points of expansion off 2020's depressed levels.

Signal and Power Solutions revenues of approximately $11 billion, reflects 4 points of growth over
underlying vehicle production, with content accretive growth in high-voltage electrification, up 50%
year-over-year. Our CV and industrial end markets are also expected to outgrow the industrial market.
We expect EBITDA margins approaching 17%, up 250 basis points year-over-year and reflect favorable
volume growth, partially offset by the dilutive margin rate impact of higher copper prices.

We thought it would be helpful to watch revenue and EBITDA compared to 2019 levels on Slide 15.
Starting with revenue on the left, despite a 10% reduction in industry volumes, we expect 2021 revenues
to be 7% higher than 2019 at the midpoint. The investments we've made to add scale in our fastest-
growing product lines, like active safety, high-voltage electrification and engineered components,
are generating sustained strong growth over market, and we expect a modest tailwind on FX and
commodities, which combined more than offset our normal price downs.

Moving to the right-hand side of the slide and adjusted EBITDA, the benefits of our flexible and scalable
cost structure are driving strong volume flow through on higher revenues, and the benefits of our
performance initiatives yielding EBITDA of $2.4 billion at the midpoint. As you can see, we are expected
to recover to 2019 EBITDA margins in 2021, and despite the ongoing operational impact of COVID and
the supply chain disruptions. This is a true testament to our relentless focus on disciplined and accretive
revenue growth and cost structure optimization, creating an even more sustainable business with the
ability to outperform in any environment.

Turning to cash flow on the next slide. Our sustainable business model is enabling us to convert more
income to cash, generating higher operating cash flow and free cash flow conversion. As we approach a
more normalized business environment, we expect operating cash flows of $1.85 billion in 2021, above
2019 levels, with free cash flow conversion greater than 100%. This assumes approximately $160 million
of restructuring cash outflows and CapEx of $750 million, consistent with our targeted funding levels of
5% of sales.

With cash flow growing strong double digits, there is no shortage of attractive reinvestment opportunities.
We will continue to maintain a consistent approach to capital deployment, aligned to our strategic
framework. Our M&A strategy remains focused on transactions that enhance our scalability, accelerate
speed to market and also provide access to new addressable markets. We believe highly disciplined capital
deployment is a major differentiator for Aptiv and an important lever for shareholder value generation.

With that, I'd like to hand the call back to Kevin for his closing remarks.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Joe. I'll now wrap up on Slide 17 before we open it up for Q&A. As we navigate 2021 and the new
challenges ahead, it goes without saying that we remain laser-focused on delivering on our commitments
and continuing our track record of outperformance, while advancing our vision of the company in 2025
and beyond. This vision is the extension of our business strategy, which is enabled by our industry-leading
competitive position and execution capabilities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Delivering our vision results in a more sustainable business, defined by an improved and more predictable
growth profile, increased profitability, through global scale and accretive growth opportunities on the
path to electrified Smart Vehicle Architecture, the accelerated compounding of earnings and cash flow
generation and additional value creation upside from the disciplined deployment of that cash.

We're well positioned to continue moving forward, a company with a strong financial position, low cost of
capital and the flexibility to reinvest in its people, processes and portfolio to create significant value for its
customers, for its employees and for its shareholders.
So with that, we'll open up the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll now move to our first question over the phone, which comes from Adam
Jonas from Morgan Stanley.

Adam Michael Jonas
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So Kevin, look, I never congratulate people on good quarters. And I'm not going to do that here because
we all know good companies are not made on good quarters, they're made on good strategy. And what
we're seeing here is really, I think, a great strategy coming together. So I just had to say that.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Adam Michael Jonas
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. Just on the outset, it really must be said, and more to come. But two questions. First on Motional,
okay? My first thought is, if this thing really works, the Motional JV stake maybe you -- just your share of
it could be worth more than all of Aptiv, okay. Now there's an arms race going on as these autonomous
players, Vemo, [ Cruise ], et cetera, kind of get close to deployment. And even by your own gross in
losses, it looks like you're keeping up with that.

So what's the plan to add capital or to access capital for that unit? And could we see 2021 be a year where
we see greater visibility in tapping different sources of capital? That's my first question.

And my follow-up is more specific on FPCB, or the kind of flexible printed circuit board technology, which
I'm sure you're very familiar with. So maybe this is one for Glen, but we're starting to get questions about
the role of this technology to really dramatically simplify electrical architecture. We understand Tesla wants
to use it, too.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes.

Adam Michael Jonas
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

But that is not really in production yet, there's issues. It's just not ready for prime time. So would love
your color on, is it the kind of -- where is Aptiv on that development path? And when could you see that
type of technology coming into production?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Okay, great. Those are 2 great questions. So on Motional, listen, we've made tremendous progress over
the last couple of years, significant progress last year with our partner, Hyundai. And as I went through
a list of announcements that were made during 2020, you'll see more announcements made as it relates
to 2021 from a technology standpoint and from a commercial standpoint, Adam, the business is on track
from a resource standpoint. There's been a significant investment in resources in and around technology,
in and around areas that are accelerating the underlying technology. As you know, we have vehicles on the
road today. We finished or completed our Gen 1 platform, which you'll see out on the road in Las Vegas

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

soon, and we'll have our Gen 2 platform available for sale to customers commercially beginning in 2022.
So a tremendous amount of progress.

As it relates to capital, recall the transaction, HMG contributed $1.4 billion of cash back in March of 2020.
We're using that cash to make the investments that we've talked about. Both of us as partners are focused
on how do we develop the technology and how do we maximize value. So we're completely aligned on
value creation and value creation within that business, if you know what I mean. So focused on how do we
drive value through Motional.

To the extent we -- to the extent we see opportunities where our view on value of the business aligns
with one's willingness to contribute capital. That's something that we, as partners, will evaluate, and it's
something that we'll continue to monitor. But at this point in time, we feel like, at this point in time, we
have more than enough capital for the foreseeable future to continue to accelerate our investment. But
it's something again that we continue to watch and we watch closely. So I would not refer to capital as a
constraint.

On the flexible printed circuit boards, as you know, we've been very focused on vehicle architecture for the
last several years. And how do we develop solutions for customers that reduce the constraints associated
with traditional vehicle architecture. So how do we remove copper content? How do we replace that with
real value-added content, like the flexible printed circuit board technology that you're talking about? Which
overall is a part of our SVA solution. So that's technology that actually is under development, it's actually
technology that we're in discussions with multiple OEMs about. And as you know, we have relationships
with several of the leading OEMs, even those who I would say are less traditional OEMs who've been
evolving vehicle architecture and have been most aggressive as it relates to changing vehicle architectures
so that we can separate software from hardware. And there's going to be more to come there. We feel
like we're a leader given our position with the brain and nervous system. We feel like there's a number of
opportunities for us. As I mentioned, we've been in discussions in development programs with a number
of OEMs, and we'll keep you and others updated on our progress.

Operator

We'll now move to our next question over the phone, which comes from Joseph Spak from RBC Capital
Markets.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Maybe to start first question just on the free cash flow, which is really strong this quarter and the
guidance, [ $1.1 billion ] impressive, especially it still has $160 million restructuring in there. I'm not
sure if you consider that an elevated level or more in going to be a curse in your stocks there. But you
mentioned the conversion over 100%, even if you back out the Motional loss, it's still like around $90
million. So is that the right new level of conversion that we see that this company can start converting
that going forward?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Joe, do you -- why don't you take that?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

Sure. Yes. Yes, Joe. It's -- that has been the target for a while. We've talked about moving sort of -- even
if you go back to the Capital Market days in '17 and '19, about a steady march up to the 90%, and that's
where we believe we are, you're right. The Motional math gives us a bit of a boost there as well. But yes, I
think that's the right range.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Okay. And then, Kevin, just -- because this is like a question we've been getting increasingly as there's a
lot headlines flying around and we're seeing different automakers take different software strategies, right.
You have Volkswagen trying to move some of it in-house, you have others, partnering, we saw the Ford
and Google announcement, I know they revealed this week.

How do you view the role of a supplier like Aptiv, I mean I know you ship a lot of software to the OEMs,
but to date they're really more takers and sort of integrating -- integration of software all over the place
and you've mentioned a number of times, that changing the latest architecture and arranging maybe to
more software-enabled platform. So it seems like there's an opportunity for a player like Aptiv, but you'd
have to get involved even earlier in the work and work more closely with the OEMs. So there's a goal
for you, is that a correct assessment and maybe you could just update us on what Aptiv's doing and the
strategy there.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

No, I -- Joe, that -- it's a great question. And I think the point you make is right. So I think given where
we play, given where the industry is going, having a much more strategic relationship with the OEM
customer is a must, right. What we deal with, where we operate is a cross section that's highly complex.

And that's actually where we play. So we have the benefit of our legacy, kind of nervous system vehicle
architecture, combined with our newer capabilities in and around software that to your point, started in
areas like infotainment, user experience and active safety. All of those are coming together and merging
in what we have been talking about, in terms of Smart Vehicle Architecture, all of them. And given our
capabilities in both areas, we've been positioned to have strategic discussions and quite frankly, strategic
development programs with several of the leading global OEMs.

And I would say even strategic programs that we're on today, whether it's our Gen 1 ADAS solutions, or
our Gen 1 Integrated Cockpit solutions that ultimately lead to -- that lead to the SVA solution.

Clearly, there's an acceleration of the separation of software and hardware, it's happening as we speak. It
presents a huge opportunity for us. We talked about our Gen 2 ADAS platform where we give -- where we
can provide the full stack solution, but also provide OEM customers who want the ability to do more of the
software on their own, the ability to do so. For those who don't have the capabilities, we can provide the
whole solution. And we do that today.

And there will be a universe of OEM customers who want to do more, and we're going to enable that and
provide both hardware, software and integration services in those sort of scenarios. There's going to be
other OEM customers who really don't have that capability, aren't interested in investing in it, and we'll
do more of a full stack solution. And from our perspective, what's important is really to serve both so that
we have that revenue opportunity and make sure that we're the driver of change versus reacting to the
change.

So that's why we made the comments in our prepared remarks about continuing to invest during 2020,
which was a challenging year. We'll continue to invest during 2021 and beyond on all the solutions that
we're developing, the platforming of our various technologies and cannibalizing some of our traditional
product lines and replacing them with higher tech solutions that take out mass, that take out weight, that
provide OEM customers with more flexibility and really enable the technology that's going into the car.

So it's a long-winded answer, but I hope I've addressed it.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I know, appreciate the color.

Operator

We'll now move on to our next question over the phone, which comes from Chris McNally from Evercore.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Christopher Patrick McNally
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So one long-term question and one active safety question. So if we take the top end of your margin
guidance at 10.7%. And we actually look at some of the units you spoke about roughly 180 million
expected in '21, when we add that back we get almost that 12% bar that we've been talking about for
some time looking out. And that's still a couple of billion before we're back to the $90 million pre-COVID
production. I think that's pretty exciting to think about the underlying progress here on margin as we've
been waiting for ASUX to come up for some years.

Could you talk about sort of the margin progression and when you may actually formalize some of the old
margin targets and we get new ones? Because it looks like you're about to go into a strong period where
you hit those margin targets we've been speaking about for some years?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Joe, do you want to respond to this one?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

Sure. Yes. Yes, no, Chris, I think -- listen, I think you framed it correctly, you're thinking about it. We've
obviously spent a lot of effort over the last couple of years on the cost structure of the business, taking
out overhead. I know as we talked about last year, we didn't have any sort of big moment where we said,
aha, because of COVID, we can change things.

We felt that the business had been structured pretty well and would continue to take advantage from a
margin perspective as those product lines grew into their own and started to add increased volume. And
I think you're right, if you take out what are -- a fair amount of investment around COVID and now these
supply chain costs, and assume eventually, we work out of those over the coming couple of years, and we
continue to see the strong accretive product line growth and things like active safety, high-voltage and
engineered components. I think we're on that trajectory.

As far as a longer-term update, that will come as we -- at our next Capital Markets Day, which we plan on
for 2020. But I do think your trajectory and the way you're thinking about it is correct.

Christopher Patrick McNally
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. And then I guess the related question is in active safety, right? $4 billion of orders sort of on
average now. You had a strong year even despite COVID, we're seeing a lot more emphasis on Level
2+, where you have sort of a higher market share. So there's a lot of momentum there, clearly. Like 18
months ago, you mentioned that you needed to have a step-up in spend to keep up with the order pace
and the bid pace. Could you just give us an update, or do we -- will we maybe we see a second step up if
we start to hit $4 billion or $5 billion in orders? Or can we start to see some of the scalability? Because,
again, that's really important for driving ASUX margins?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Maybe I'll start. Our real focus, Chris, as it relates to our next-generation ADAS solution is leveraging
the software that's been developed to date, driving reuse of that software and really driving platforms
within the ADAS business. And that's really across the various ASUX product lines, right, on the journey to
ultimately an SVA solution.

So it's really about how do we drive more leverage. Listen, I don't think we foresee any real incremental
step-up like we talked about previously, that $90 million, which was really about how do we drive
additional pursuit opportunities, how do we better position ourselves as it relates to SVA, both from a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

hardware and software standpoint. Now it's taking advantage of that investment opportunity to drive more
scale and widening our competitive mode.

Now there may be within quarters, periods where we decide we're going to invest a bit more, given the
competitive dynamic or to drive technology advancement. But by and large, given we've introduced Gen 1,
we're rolling out or launching on several vehicle programs now as we speak and we're heading into Gen 2,
you should start to see a fair amount of scale come through.

Operator

We'll now move to our next question, which comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to start on the Advanced Safety business. And what the company is seeing around Level 2,
Level 2+ and Level 3? You're guiding for some really nice growth over market in that segment this year.
But as if we start thinking out to either the 2022, 2023 type of time frame, there's been an increased
number of announcements of deployments of those sorts of ADAS capabilities.

So if you could talk a little bit more on what Aptiv is seeing out over the intermediate term for Advanced
Safety? And what opportunities there could be to maybe sustain this kind of nice growth over market that
you're seeing in Advanced Safety?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll start with the qualitative, and then Joe can walk you through all the growth rates. I mean
our booking activity has remained strong. It was very strong last year and what was a very choppy
environment given COVID for bookings were close to $4 billion.

Advanced Safety for OEM customers is a solution that sells. So the focus on driving Advanced Safety
solutions from our customers is significant. Solutions that reduce the on-cost but provide the sort of
performance that consumers are looking for is in significant demand. So it will continue to be a huge
growth opportunity for us for the foreseeable future.

Joe, you should walk through all the numbers.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

Yes. No, Mark, it's very consistent with what we're talking about. This is a strong double-digit grower. We
expect to be a little shy of $2 billion by the end of 2021 in active safety revenue, but continue to see that
business growing at or above 20% from a CAGR perspective over the next 3 years. And when you get to
that 2022, 2023 time frame, we expect that -- we expect to be the largest, from an industry perspective,
we'll have active safety content over 20 OEs, different platforms on 20 OEs. So that strong sort of 20-plus
percent CAGR, we've talked about, continues to be in place. We obviously feel very good about it. There's
a little bit of a law of larger numbers, obviously, with the growth rate as the business continues to grow,
but a very strong compounding growth rate over the next number of years.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

That's helpful. And then my second question is on Motional and how to think about this level of equity
losses around $240 million for 2021? I mean, should we think about that as a run rate or maybe even
increasing in terms of the degree of loss as you're trying to bring your technology to market? And then
what -- as these programs start to ramp in 2021 to 2023 time frame as you were articulating in your
prepared remarks, I mean is that going to be enough to get these losses to start to decline? Or is that
really further out in time before we should think about equity losses and mitigating that from Motional?

Kevin P. Clark

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Yes. The real focus now -- and Joe can walk through the numbers. The real focus now is advancing and
accelerating technology adoption, right? So that's where our real focus is. We've completed the Gen 1
platform. You'll see that on the roads, Gen 2 for 2022 for sale to customers in 2022 on the road with Lyft
in 2023. So that's where our real focus is.

Now we have more than enough capital to meet our timetable and meet the tech road map that the team
has mapped out. To the extent we need capital, we view that as something to the extent we need capital,
and it reflects the value of the business. That's something that our partner will entertain. Joe, do you want
to add to my answer?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

Yes, no, just real quick. About half of the increase from prior expectations. It's just the finalization of the
-- finalization of the purchase accounting. So that's effectively noncash, obviously, coming through the
P&L. So the remaining half is the step-up in investment. And to Kevin's point, we'll see that increase over
the next couple of years, but it's still well within the plan and the original funding. When we formed the JV
back at the beginning of last year, I thought we had 4 to 5 years of funding in the JV, and that continues to
be the case.

Operator

We'll now move on to our next question over the phone, which comes from Emmanuel Rosner from
Deutsche Bank.

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I wanted to ask you about high-voltage electrification bookings. We're seeing all these announcements
from automakers that seem to signal massive acceleration towards EV, like they're saying pretty bullish
volume targets by 2025, some 100% EV by 2035 from GM. I was curious should we expect to see
inflection higher into your read of booking, I think it's been trading around -- trending around $2 billion a
year or so in electrification.

And then related to that, I think last quarter, you were talking about this fairly high win rates that you
have in high-voltage bookings, even 70% or so. Just wanted to see if this is something that you have seen
or expect to see continuing?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Emmanuel, it's Kevin. So yes, so from a win rate standpoint, our win rate continues to be north
of 70%. I would say we have to reiterate, we've talked about it previously, a very focused strategy as
it relates to high-voltage electrification. So we're very focused on a select group of OEMs, who have a
strategy that brings high-voltage electrification across multiple platforms. So we get the benefit of -- we
get the benefit, they get the benefit of significant volume.

A year or 2 ago, we were basically evaluating 15 programs on an annual basis. This year, we'll be
evaluating north of 40 programs. So bookings activity and dollar value of bookings will certainly kick up in
2021 and beyond.

It's important to note, the reason we're so successful is we are the only competitor, only player out there
that has the ability to bring the vehicle architecture, the connector component, the cable management
component, the electrical center component, and the wire harness component together and provide a fully
optimized solution to an OEM that takes out mass, it takes out weight, I mean, a significant amount of
mass reduction.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Adam asked that question earlier with respect to flexible printed circuit board technology, but reducing
mass by close to 40%, which takes out cost and gives the OEM space. And the value of what we deliver,
the packaging of that full systems has translated into significant win rates and a huge opportunity for
Aptiv.

Joe can walk through the numbers, but high-voltage electrication will be our fastest-growing product line
for several years to come.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

Yes. We're -- Emmanuel, we're expecting, just based on the bookings and the increased activity, to your
point, we had talked about that business growing at 40% through 2020. We expect it now to be growing
over 50% in 2021, and that's obviously on a larger number. We'll certainly be above $1 billion of revenue
in 2022. Our original target was to sort of get to or get close to $2 billion in 2022. So we'll now be above
that and continue to have sort of that same profit profile. It continues to trend above segment margins,
and it's accretive to the SPS segment. So I would say both within the bookings and the revenue trajectory,
the trends you're talking about from an OE perspective, about greater levels of electrification we're seeing
in the numbers as well.

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just one point of clarification on your overall outlook for growth of the market this
year of 6 points. I think back in the third quarter when you were sort of giving sort of an initial view into
2021, I think you were thinking 6 to 8 points or so. Can you maybe just give us a final point around what
has changed? Is it just the uncertainty of the environment? And to what extent it would impact the growth
over market versus the [indiscernible]?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Joe, do you want take that? Yes, you take it.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

Yes, Kevin. We remain very confident, Emmanuel, in the long-term 6% to 8% growth over market
framework. I don't think anything, I'll put out, sort of strategically changed there at all. We are at the
lower end, as you can imagine, the chip constraints obviously affect the tech-enabled product. So we
are at the lower end of the range as we go into the year. But long term, we still have a high degree of
confidence in that 6% to 8%. And as we've talked about a lot, that number doesn't shoot straight every --
perfectly straight every quarter, but very confident within that range.

And I wouldn't say anything material has changed from that perspective.

Operator

We'll now move to our next question over the phone, which comes from Dan Levy from Crédit Suisse.

Dan Meir Levy
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

A couple of questions. One on outgrowth and then another on Motional. First on outgrowth. And I know
you mentioned, Investor Day probably next year, but we did see your bookings accelerate in the fourth
quarter. Presumably, there's more opportunity into 2021 as you get some of this post COVID catch
bump bids. And we haven't really been seen anything related to SVA. But at the same time it's harder to
maintain growth as products mature.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

So maybe you can give us a sense of what the bookings say about your ability to meet that 6 to 8 points
of outgrowth beyond the 2022 time frame that you've talked about? So how do you think about the
bookings in 6 to 8 points beyond that 2022 time frame?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think -- Joe, I'll start. Listen, as Joe said, last year and then the first part of this year, giving the
semiconductor challenges or supply shortages creates a bit of a choppy environment and limits the
amount of near-term visibility. However, everything that we see going through COVID in dealing with
these challenges really underscores our view that you're going to see an acceleration of technology
adoption, right, whether that's high-voltage electrification, whether that's ADAS solutions or connectivity
that consumers want all those -- want those products, they want more of them.

So it gives us a high level of confidence beyond 2022 in the 6 to 8 points of growth over market. And
that's what's reflected in our bookings. And quite frankly, that's what's reflected in our long-term outlook
from a revenue standpoint. So management team is very confident in that level of outgrowth. Joe?

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

Yes. No, I'd agree completely with that. And Dan, as you know, we watch the sort of the longer-term
CAGR bookings grow carefully over time because that ultimately is what helps drive the outgrowth. And
when you look at the key growth areas around active safety, high voltage, engineered components, the
connectors element type business. Those bookings have remained at -- exactly at or above where we need
to be at that 6% to 8%. So we've got, again, a very high level of confidence in that outgrowth range.

Dan Meir Levy
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And of the SVA piece, when will you see that showing up in bookings?

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Well, SVA, you already -- remember, Dan, SVA is an evolving solution, right? So it's effectively -- and
we've talked about it previously, it started with the consolidation of compute with domain controllers,
Integrated Cockpit Controllers, items like that. It's now evolving or continuing to evolve to zone
controllers. We've already booked a program with a major global European -- European-based global OEM.

We have a number of potential program wins in front of us during 2021. So more to come on that. The
program that we were awarded previously will launch on a vehicle in 2020 and then there's a lot of
activity that our SVA team has focused on our PDC solution, where we separate hardware from software.
So I think over the next 12 to 24 months, you should get more visibility to the commercial wins, the
commercial opportunities and the progression of revenue.

Dan Meir Levy
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. And then maybe a follow-up just on Motional. Maybe you could walk us through the key
steps or milestones ahead between now and 2023 that we should watch out for between now and
commercialization. And then just broadly on commercialization, I believe that the goal in the past was to
really be a systems provider to others rather than if they want to operate their fleet suite rather than you
running fleet. So maybe you could just give us a sense in where the business focus is now? Because it
seems like, yes, it's on the Lyft network, but it seems like you are now running your fleets.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Yes. No, the overall strategy hasn't changed. So it's really about providing the full systems and software
stack for OEMs or fleet providers to put and place on their vehicles. So that strategy has not changed. To
the extent that we are partnering and operating rideshare networks, we get the benefit of validating the
technology in real-world situations and understanding -- better understanding ultimately the customers
who operate those networks or our ride-sharing providers.

So we have a great partnership with Lyft. There's a lot sharing, a lot of sharing of information as it relates
to technology as it relates to consumer experience, as it relates to fleet management solutions. So it
allows them to be better and us to be better. And we'll continue to do that. So it's almost -- it's validation
of the underlying technology. The key milestones over the next couple of years are the Gen 1 out on the
road, doing real-world testing, which you'll see -- which will happen very, very shortly.

Gen 2 out on the road or available for customers in 2022. So we're a little over a year away on that. The
team is making significant progress on that vehicle. It's an HMG battery electric vehicle platform. And
then during calendar 2021, more commercial announcements related to partnerships whether it be the
purchase of the underlying technology or plugging that technology into other networks. So there's a lot...

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

Expect a launch from Via year as well, this year.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'm sorry, go ahead.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

I was just going to say, we also -- we've announced one, Kevin, to your comments on the prepared
remarks. We expect Via to be launching this year as well in a city to be determined.

Operator

Due to time, ladies and gentlemen, we don't have time for any further questions. I'll now hand the call
back over to Mr. Kevin Clark for closing comments.

Kevin P. Clark
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Well, thank you, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call. We appreciate your support of Aptiv.
Have a good day and a good rest of the week. Stay safe.

Joseph R. Massaro
Senior VP of Business Operations & CFO

Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

APTIV PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

