Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 

NYSE:ADM
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.51

0.85

66.67

0.74

2.84

3.29

Revenue  (mm)

16445.23

16281.00

(1.00 %)

16758.12

65340.65

65893.88

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2020 10:05 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

0.71

0.73

0.56

0.51

0.77

1.42

0.64

0.85

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8.45 %

94.52 %

14.29 %

66.67 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Victoria de la Huerga
VP of Investor Relations & ADM
Ventures

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

David Francis Katter
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Eric Jon Larson
Seaport Global Securities LLC,
Research Division

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

Steven Kyle Haynes
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Thomas Marc Alfred Simonitsch
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vincent Alwardt Anderson
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the ADM Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor
Relations for ADM. Ms. de la Huerga. You may begin.

Victoria de la Huerga
VP of Investor Relations & ADM Ventures

Thank you, Amy. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings webcast. Starting
tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com.

For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's safe harbor statement,
which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect
management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions,
company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many
assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties.

ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should
carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable
law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information
or future events.

On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of
the quarter and important actions we are taking to meet our strategic goal. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray
Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results as well as the drivers of our performance and
our outlook. Then Juan will make some final comments. After which, they will take your questions.

Please turn to Slide 3.

I will now turn the call over to Juan.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Victoria.

Last night, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.85, up from $0.60 in the prior
year quarter. Adjusted segment operating profit was $804 million, and our trailing 4-quarter adjusted
ROIC was 8.1%.

I continue to be proud of how our team is performing under challenging and dynamic circumstances. We
are fulfilling our purpose by providing high-quality nutrition around the globe. And we are doing it while
remaining true to our values, protecting the health and safety of our colleagues, fostering a positive,
inclusive culture both within and outside of ADM, and safeguarding our environment.

Around the globe, ADM colleagues have continued serving our customers and supporting the global food
supply chain, with no notable disruptions to our operations. Our results are a testament to their dedication
as well as the resilience of our business model and the transformation we have made in our company.

Through good times and challenging times, we have kept a strong and steady focus on our strategy. We
are not done, but we can be proud of where we are today.

Let me share with you some of our accomplishments from the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

In our Optimize pillar, our Ag Services and Oilseeds team continued their work to enhance the return
structure of the business, identifying and executing on almost $50 million in capital reduction initiatives,
including the ongoing optimization of our global origination footprint and the decision to exit 2 Golden
Peanut and Tree Nuts businesses. We took further steps to optimize our North American milling operations
with the announcement -- with announced closure and sale of our Los Angeles flour mill and the sale of
office space in Kansas City. And finally, as we previously announced, we made the difficult but important
decision to temporarily idle our VCP dry mills in Cedar Rapids and Columbus, which has helped to rightsize
industry ethanol stocks.

In our Drive pillar, we continued to advance our 1ADM business transformation with the launch of
several new technologies, including applications to more efficiently manage spend and cash flow for
our noncommodity purchases and contract labor services. We'll be continuing to deploy new 1ADM
technologies in the second half of this year. And we expanded our ambitious efforts to make our
operations more efficient and environmentally friendly, adding to our previously announced greenhouse
gas and energy reduction goals, with new commitments to reduce water intensity by a further 10% and
achieve a 90% landfill diversion rate by 2035.

In our Expand pillar, our global destination marketing model continued to grow in export volumes and new
markets as ADM extended its product offerings in Asia, Latin America and Europe. We announced that we
are introducing high-quality USP-grade ethanol production in Clinton to complement production at our
Peoria facility as we continue to meet customer demand for hand sanitizer. And we announced another
expansion of our leadership position in the fast-growing plant-based protein market with the creation
of PlantPlus Foods, a joint venture with Marfrig, that will offer a variety of plant-based food products for
customers and consumers across North and South America.

Readiness continues to deliver excellence in execution, and its value has never been more clear than
over the past few months. Readiness initiative like consolidation of businesses, centralization of activities
and simplification and improvements of processes have significantly enhanced our resilience and
agility, helping us continue to serve customers and keep our operations running through fast-changing
environments.

We are never done improving, and our team has continued to identify and deliver on Readiness initiatives.
At the end of the second quarter, Readiness has allowed us to unlock a total of just over $1 billion in run
rate benefits on an annual basis since the program began. And based on our strong progress, we are on
track to exceed our $1.2 billion goal by end of 2020.

Now Ray will take us through our business performance before I come back to offer some final comments
before we answer questions. Ray, please?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Juan. Please turn to Slide #4.

As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.85, up from the $0.60 in the prior year quarter.
Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $804 million, up 18%. Our trailing 4-
quarter average adjusted ROIC was 8.1%, 235 basis points higher than our 2020 annual WACC of 5.75%,
and our trailing 4-quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $3.6 billion. The effective tax rate for the second
quarter of 2020 was approximately 14%, very similar to 13% in the prior year and in line with guidance
we provided last quarter.

For the third and fourth quarters, we continue to expect an effective tax rate in the range of 13% to 15%.
We generated about $1.6 billion of cash from operations before working capital for the first half of the
year, higher than 2019. Return of cash flow in the first half was $517 million, including a little over $100
million in opportunistic share repurchases in the first quarter to help offset dilution.

We finished the quarter with net debt to total capital of about 29%, just down from 31% a year ago. We
had cash and available credit capacity at the end of the quarter of almost $11 billion, a very solid amount
of liquidity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Capital spending for the first 6 months was about $360 million. We continue to expect capital spending for
the year to be around $800 million, below our depreciation and amortization rate of about $1 billion.

Slide 5, please.

Other businesses were also higher versus the second quarter of 2019 driven by improvements in
underwriting results from our captive insurance operations. In the corporate lines, unallocated corporate
costs of $194 million were higher year-over-year due to a larger delta in variable performance-related
compensation expense accruals and transfers of costs from business segments into corporate as we
centralized certain entities into our centers of excellences.

Other charges declined due to improved foreign currency hedging results on intercompany funding and
improved investment performance. Corporate results also included debt extinguishment expenses of $14
million related to a early retirement of a bond. Net interest expense for the quarter decreased due to
lower average borrowing costs related -- primarily to liability management actions taken in late 2019.

Looking forward, we expect unallocated corporate expenses to be in line with our initial $800 million
guidance for the calendar year and net interest expense to end similar to or slightly lower than the 2019
amount of about $350 million. Other business results in the second half of the year are expected to be
significantly lower than the first half and likely negative based on expected insurance claims settlements
and lower interest income in ADM Investor Services.

Please turn to Slide 6. Ag Services and Oilseeds delivered higher results versus the second quarter of
2019. Ag Services results were substantially better year-over-year. Strong execution by the team in South
America helped deliver record quarterly origination and export volumes in a significantly improved margin
environment driven by a weaker Brazilian real and strong farmer selling.

Global Trade delivered best second quarter ever, continuing to demonstrate the importance of our strategic
efforts to create value throughout the global supply chain. Destination marketing was a significant
contributor as countries look to secure stable supplies of food amid the pandemic. Lower interior grain
margins impacted results in North America.

Crushing results were lower year-over-year. The team delivered strong global crush volumes overall
and did a great job capitalizing on solid South American meal demand and the weaker Brazilian real,
along with the lack of Argentinian imports into EMEAI. In North America, margins were impacted by the
pandemic's effects on our customers.

Net timing impacts to the quarter were not significant as more crush gains were offset by basis losses and
our cash flow hedge program deferred additional positive timing impacts.

Refined products and other results were higher year-over-year driven by improved biodiesel volumes and
margins in North and South America as well as strong volumes and margins in refined and packaged oils
in South America. Demand was lower for biodiesel in EMEAI and for edible oils for food service in both
EMEAI and North America.

Wilmar results were lower year-over-year. Wilmar's core earnings were strong, but reported earnings were
impacted by mark-to-market losses on their investment portfolio in their first quarter. Fundamental global
demand trends continued to emphasize the underlying strength and resilience of this industry and our
business model.

Looking ahead, we expect the pace of Brazilian farmer selling to slow significantly following the aggressive
selling in the first half of the year. North American origination should strengthen throughout the second
half as we move into the U.S. harvest and export demand is supported by China's import needs. Global
crush margins are likely to remain pressured in the near term, but we expect tight soybean supplies in
South America to lead to an improving margin environment as we move through the second half of the
year.

RPO should continue its solid performance. All told, we currently believe the third quarter will be
sequentially lower than the second quarter of this year, followed by a much stronger fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Slide 7, please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were similar to the year ago quarter. Starches and
sweetener results were lower year-over-year. COVID-19-related impacts on foodservice demand in North
America pressured sweetener volumes.

Mark-to-market losses on corn oil contracts indexed to soybean oil also impacted results, similar to
what we saw in the first quarter. These impacts were partially offset by lower net raw material costs and
positive risk management results. We also continue to benefit from the improvements we made in our
Decatur corn complex and a continued turnaround in EMEAI.

Wheat milling had another strong quarter, as increased levels of home baking and store sales helped drive
solid retail demand, and footprint optimization initiatives, which reduce costs, continued to drive results.

Vantage Corn Processor results were higher than the second quarter of 2019 driven by favorable risk
management results on inventory positions and strong demand for high-quality USP-grade ethanol used
for the hand sanitizer market. While average industry ethanol margins were down versus the prior year,
prices and margins improved throughout the quarter as lower production, including 2 dry mills that we
idled, and some recovery in dry mills led to falling industry ethanol stocks.

Looking ahead, we expect the third quarter results for Carbohydrate Solutions to be similar to the second
quarter, assuming sweetener demand continues to recover, demand in wheat milling remains solid and
average industry ethanol margins over the quarter remain in positive territory.

On Slide 8. Our Nutrition business continued to deliver significant growth, with 35% year-over-year profit
improvement for the quarter. Over the first half of the year, adjusted profit for Nutrition is up more than
50%. And despite some COVID-19 impacts, revenue is up about 8% on a constant currency basis, with
growth spread across the entire broad portfolio. Human Nutrition results were substantially higher in the
second quarter of 2020 versus the second quarter of 2019.

Flavors continued to deliver solid results, as favorable sales mix and margin expansion in North America
was offset by some softness in EMEAI. In Specialty Ingredients, our team's strong execution and
operational excellence, including at our soy protein facility in Campo Grande and our pea protein plant in
Enderlin, enable us to continue to meet rising consumer demand for plant-based proteins and edible beans
driving substantial year-over-year growth.

Health and Wellness delivered higher performance on strong sales for probiotics, improved volumes and
margins in fiber and additional fermentation income. Animal Nutrition results were again higher year-
over-year. Despite impacts from COVID-19 on demand in some regions, continued execution on Neovia
synergies, robust demand for pet food and treats and improvement in amino acids drove our ongoing
profit growth. The investments we've made in Nutrition and our unique value proposition have positioned
us well to support our customers as they continue to innovate and adapt in the current environment. We
are winning new business. And our pipeline today is strong and growing.

We've also equipped our teams with new digital tools and technologies to continue product development
work in a virtual environment, ensuring that products advance even in the current dynamic climate.

Looking ahead, Nutrition should be around 20% higher in the back half of the year compared to the
second half of 2019, with similar rates of growth in profits in third and fourth quarters. We expect strength
in flavors, plant-based proteins and probiotics continue to drive Human Nutrition and Neovia synergies and
improvements in amino acids to support Animal Nutrition results.

Now please turn to Slide 9. And I'll turn over back to Juan. Juan?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Ray. From our work to optimize our footprint and improve our capital position to our new
technologies and improved processes, to our growth efforts to become a world leader in nutrition and
expand margin opportunities across the value chain, the team has done excellent work executing the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

strategy. And as we continue on this journey, we are increasingly seeing growing benefits flow to our
bottom line.

That does not mean that we are immune to external conditions. This has been an unpredictable year, and
we're only at the half point. Our team has done a great job moving quickly and adapting to the challenges
of COVID-19. And we are continuing to monitor and analyze purchasing and consuming habits to ensure
we can continue to anticipate and meet our customers' needs.

We are seeing consumers still largely relying on retail and e-commerce to feed their families. And demand
is expanding in wide spectrum, from comfort foods to healthy choices. In-home eating and baking has
dramatically increased the demand for both flour and baked goods.

Healthy eating has significantly accelerated the purchase and consumption of alternative proteins. And a
focus on nourishment and wellness is pushing microbiome solutions to the mainstream. We are meeting
this wide variety of customer needs and will continue to do so as many of these trends advance in the
future.

For the second half of this year, we'll remain focused on optimizing business performance, advancing
Readiness and harvesting the benefits of strategic growth investments, especially in our Nutrition
segment. We are continuing to pull the levers under our control across the enterprise, with our team
currently exceeding our midyear targets by achieving more than 2/3 of our $500 million to $600 million in
targeted operating profit improvements for 2020.

Looking ahead, we remain confident in our positioning, our capabilities and our strategy. And we are
excited about the second half of the year and delivering strong earnings and returns in 2020 and beyond.
With that, operator, please open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So I guess, first, just thinking about how you've kind of framed some of the second half outlook for the
different businesses. Is it fair to say that the biggest wildcard are pace of U.S. exports and what that does
both on the origination and crush side and just underlying kind of food ingredient demand? I'm just trying
to think about kind of the range of outcomes as we think about forward business momentum into the
second half of the year.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thank you, Adam. Listen, as we think about the second half of the year, we expect, in general,
businesses to perform better than in the first half, so as overall results. When we think about the different
businesses, with the aggressive selling in the first half of the year of the Brazilian farmer, we think that
the U.S. were having a big crop like we're going to have going into harvest will be the most competitive
source. And China still needs to import a lot in the fourth quarter. So we feel good about that. We
feel good also about destination marketing. Don't forget that from an Ag Services perspective results,
basically, the results of the Global Trade were equally contributing as the results of origination in South
America for the results this quarter. And although South America will shift to North America in terms of
grain results, we see destination marketing and the Global Trade effort to continue to contribute in the
second half.

We see probably -- so far, if we look at all the way to July, we see that the worst of the demand
destruction due to COVID was behind us. I mean we saw that in April, and then we saw improvement in
May, June, July. It will probably be uneven and would -- starts and stops for the rest of the year, but we
think that the worst is behind it. So I would say that that's how we characterize.

And then Nutrition continues to go strong. There are many opportunities for Nutrition, and we had a very
strong beginning of the year. The second half of the year is seasonally a little bit softer for Nutrition, but
that's the way that the demand pattern goes every year. But we feel very strong about the second half of
the year at this point.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful color. And then if I could just ask a second question on capital allocation. Just
help me -- help us think about with kind of the balance sheet where it is and what seems to be a pretty
strong position, what it would take or what you would want to see before you took a more offensive
posture on whether it's capital return to shareholders or maybe there's opportunities in the M&A market
that might be emerging.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Yes. Listen, as we have said it all along and at the beginning of the year, our priority remains to
delever our balance sheet to the low 2s. And protecting our single A rating is very important to us. And we
have aggressive plans in the businesses to, you heard me in the accomplishments of the second quarter,
to monetize assets. And to the extent that we continue with that and monetize assets, we will think about
increasing our share repurchases. But I think the priority is delevering. But we've been doing very well
in this divestiture, and we continue to look for our large company and what are the things that we can
monetize so we can apply to that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

With regard to M&A, we have a very disciplined process of doing bolt-ons and organic growth. And you see
how we pace ourselves. We did WILD in 2014. We did Neovia in early '19. And I think that, that allows us
to recover the ROIC impact.

If you think about ROIC at the end of '18 was 8.3%. We acquired Neovia, and now we are back to that
range, 8.1%. So I think that, that allows us to go. And by the way, we need to buy, continue to grow
Nutrition jointly with all the harvesting that we're doing in Nutrition, with the organic growth, with Campo
Grande and Enderlin and all that. So I think we have that model, and we like it. And I think you're going
to see that we continue to deliver what we said we were going to do, and it's a very predictable pattern in
that sense.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research.

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

So just a detailed question first. Could you explain to us -- I mean the results from Vantage Corn was
very impressive. Was there a lower cost or market inventory adjustment or something? Could you help us
understand what drove that performance besides the industrial alcohol sales?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Heather, it's Ray here. Yes. For Vantage Corn Processor, remember, for VCP, not only are they
producing the ethanol from the dry mills, but they're also the distributor of the ethanol that comes out of
the wet mills. So over the course of the quarter, we actually -- as we indicated, we had very, very good
risk management on our inventory positions. We knew coming in the quarter that the fact that we're
going to cut back on ethanol production, shut down or idle the 2 dry mills, we had a pretty good sense of
margins should improve throughout the quarter.

So the inventory that VCP had as we went through the quarter, which includes the dry mill -- the wet mill,
ethanol, we basically more or less left that unhedged, whereas we actually did hedge the corn position at
a very, very low cost. And so we benefit from favorable risk management in terms of both the input side,
meaning, the raw corn, and the output side, which is the ethanol within the distribution system.

And so therefore, we had very, very good risk management results based on our inventory position.
So that was an important driver. But don't underestimate the industrial ethanol business. We actually
increased the capacity of our Peoria plant. It was like 85 million gallons entering the year. And we were
able to debottleneck many aspects of that plant and actually get that thing closer to 100 million gallons on
an annual run rate basis. And so -- and we ran the plant full out over the quarter.

And as you would appreciate, industrial ethanol margins improved also throughout the quarter. So
VCP also benefited from a very favorable environment in terms of the aspects of the industrial ethanol
business.

And then lastly, I mean, again, as we indicated, we idled the plants. We did a pretty good job in terms of
reducing the amount of stranded costs associated with those dry mills. And that also contributed towards
our overall results. So overall, it was actually, from our perspective, a good quarter for VCP in terms of
how we managed the situation.

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

Yes. It sounds like it. My second question is your -- wanted to -- hoping you could elaborate on your
outlook for crush margins. So in the U.S., they're clearly pretty soft right now. And you noted that the --
over the near term, they'd be sold, but then you articulated a more constructive outlook further out. I was
wondering if you could flesh out for us what you're seeing on the demand and supply side that gives you
confidence that it should improve as we move into Q4 and 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thank you, Heather. As you said, they are soft at the moment in North America but improving. And
we're going to see that improvement over the end of -- through the quarter.

Basically, we're going to have -- we've started to see a little bit better farmer selling. And I think as we get
to the harvest, we're going to have less pressure on that side. And we are seeing from the demand side
that the customers -- our customers for soybean meal are coming back. And then we're seeing also a little
bit more pressure on the oil side. So the oil story is getting a little bit better.

So in general, from crush margins, we saw good crush margins in Europe with the absence of, of course,
of Argentine mill, a more aggressive Argentine mill. We saw good crush margins in China. And now we're
seeing improving crush margins in the U.S. for the rest of the year. So we feel very good about that
business. And we can debate numbers here or there about growth rates. But in general, we see growth
going forward. And that's what we're hearing from our customers.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Can you talk about the elevation margins and what you're seeing there? And how meaningful will that be
for ADM? And how are you executing on that?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Yes. So the U.S. export market is setting up to -- for very good times on very solid global demand
and competitive prices. And of course, with the tight supply demand, as I referred before in South
America. So we do expect large programs for corn, soybeans and as well as wheat and soybean meal for
Q4.

So I would say, short term, in Q2, Q3, it's about $0.10, $0.15, and forward, we are seeing numbers more
in the $0.30 range or even slightly better. So again, we have big volume expectations. And we're looking,
Ken, at the full value chain, so elevation margins and also transportation margins. So we're seeing the
whole thing. So we care about the full range of margins. So we feel stronger margins are coming ahead of
us for the Q4.

And to be honest, every evidence out there, it's pointing to that direction as we go around the world and
we talk to our teams. So we feel confident about that.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And then just switching to Nutrition for a second. You -- so 2 parts to this. One is, obviously, your growth
rate has been very strong. How long into the future will that last? Is this a good run rate for a little
bit of years? And then you also mentioned that you're winning new business. Can you quantify or give
parameters to how much that is? Is that -- is it just typical winning a little business here and there or
we're talking about larger than a breadbox but not quite game changing? How do I think about those 2
things? And I'll leave it there.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Ken, listen, the thing you need to remember is that Nutrition is still in early stages. So we were
building this business, and we've been doing it for 4 or 5 years versus other businesses that we've been
running for 100 years. So even as good the results as we're getting, we are not even close to fulfill our
potential. And we continue to see that in the pipeline. The pipeline continues to be very strong.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

And again, we measure the value of the pipeline to see the impact of 2021 sales, 2022 sales, and as
I said, that continues to grow. But we also look at the win rates to see how we're doing today, and
the win rates continue to increase. I can't disclose exactly the win rates because that's confidential
information and it's very valuable to us, but -- and I think the important thing of Nutrition that sometimes
is underestimated is the breadth of our product offer.

And when we're talking here, we are talking, Ken, about we're bringing fibers to a lot of products,
whether our beverages or yogurts or cereal. We are bringing probiotics to a lot of products. We have
specialty proteins. So I think -- of course, we have flavors going into a myriad of publication. So I think
the versatility that this product mix gives us -- again, even if you go to specialty protein, we have soy
base, we have pea base. So -- and when you combine all these things into systems, it gives us incredible
possibilities, and customers are reacting very well to their -- to that value proposition.

I have to give credit to the team in this difficult circumstance that you could have thought that maybe
innovation could have been impacted because of the remoteness of our operations. And our team pivoted
very quickly into establishing virtual tasting rooms, virtual innovation and prototyping sessions. And that
has been very successful and has been able to keep the growth rate of our pipeline. So I don't know how
long can we predict the 20% rate. But at this point in time, we continue to see into the immediate future.
So we don't see any slowdown of that.

And as we -- as I was explaining to Adam before, we're going to continue to do our bolt-ons M&A.
And we've been getting better at this. We integrated and we absorbed Neovia and the results and the
operations much faster than we did obviously with WILD because this is the second time and we have
perfected the system. And I think we're going to be able to keep this pace a little bit more accelerated into
the future. So the possibilities of this business are enormous, Ken.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

Steven Kyle Haynes
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Steve Haynes on for Vincent. Just wanted to come back to the Carb Solutions. The second quarter
result was quite a bit better than what you had guided, and I appreciate the commentary around risk
management. But you also mentioned a number of other buckets. So could you kind of just bucket out the
rest of the details so we can get an idea further from what drove that delta?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

You're referring to Carb Solutions in general for the quarter?

Steven Kyle Haynes
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes.

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean I think if you look at starches and sweeteners, the other big subsegment here, we had good
results. I mean, naturally, for this segment, as Juan talked about earlier, probably the trough in terms of
demand for sweeteners probably was the second quarter. It was probably in the April-May time frame. And
so therefore, we did experience reductions in volumes on the basis of corn sweeteners during that period.

But what was interesting is when you looked at starch and sweeteners segment, there were clearly
strength there as well. Number one, for example, wheat milling. The demand for flour continued to be
strong in the second quarter. And in fact, when we look at our global wheat milling results, our profits in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

the second quarter were up 50% versus the prior year. So that was a big contributor towards the starch
and sweetener results.

Secondly, I did outline in my remarks that we did have mark-to-market losses in our corn oil contracts,
just like we had in the first quarter. The fact I didn't highlight a number indicates that the number was
actually much smaller than what we had in the first quarter. But we were also able to offset that impact
with good risk management from the wet mills there as well. So that's -- on a net basis, that was really a
neutral impact.

And then thirdly, it is important to also highlight in starches and sweeteners the turnaround efforts, the
improved efforts that we launched last year in the Decatur corn complex in the European business. They're
truly paying off this year and also in the second quarter. So they're all positive deltas that help neutralize
some of the negative effects that we saw in terms of starches and sweetener volumes in the second
quarter.

And then I already talked about VCP, which, again, stable risk management on inventory position. So
overall, I would have to say that, yes, it was actually a very strong quarter for starches and sweeteners
in the second quarter compared to even what our initial expectations were as we entered into the quarter.
But I have to give the team a lot of credit in terms of the efforts that they executed in order to help
deliver the results here.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tom Simonitsch with JPMorgan.

Thomas Marc Alfred Simonitsch
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So you noted in your press release some COVID-19 impacts on your Animal Nutrition business. Can you
elaborate on that, please?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Yes. I think when you see these consumer shifts, of course, Aqua is consumed a lot in the western
hemisphere in dining out, and so we see a little bit of impact on that -- a negative impact, I mean.

Of course, when some of the large animals feed, we saw a little bit of softness there in North America and
Mexico when some of the meat packing plants have to slow down. And -- but we see positive benefits in
pet, pet food and pet treats, very positive as well.

And I think that in general, there have been countries where we are strong, that their demand has
continued strong, like Brazil has continued, Vietnam has continued. So -- and then we also saw lysine
prices, and lysine performance actually came back in the quarter. So those are kind of the puts and takes
of COVID impacting us in Animal Nutrition.

Thomas Marc Alfred Simonitsch
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And you noted immaterial mark-to-market impacts in Q2, which was a bit of a surprise to me at
least particularly on soy crush. So can you elaborate on your hedging strategy and clarify any deferred
gains you are carrying into the back half?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Tom, recall, the objective of our hedging program is really to manage margin risk on our products and
to dampen volatility of earnings and cash flow.

And we'll call any impact when it's greater than $50 million. I mean that's what we've done in the past.
Now -- so we entered the second quarter with about $80 million of favorable timing effects that would be

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

recognized in the future. And as you see in the supplementary data, we exited second quarter with about
$95 million of favorable timing effects. So on net, we had actually $15 million of unfavorable timing effects
in the second quarter.

Now with board crush falling dramatically in the second quarter, we naturally did have hedge gains on
crush. Now some were deferred due to our cash flow hedge program, which we put in place several years
ago, right? And so for these gains that are basically under our accounting, cash flow hedge accounting,
you don't have to mark-to-market. They're just simply deferred in the future, and we'll recognize that.
But we did also recognize some timing effects related to basis movements on oil, meal and beans, right?
So therefore, the favorable effect on board crush was offset by some of the unfavorable timing effects on
basis movements. And as a result, we had a slight negative impact of $15 million. And again, we didn't
call it out in our prepared remarks, but you can actually see that in the data there.

The other thing just to know also, we also had some bunker fuel hedges, and we called that out in the
first quarter, right, some unfavorable effects on bunker fuel hedges that should reverse out in the second
quarter, and we did. We did have some favorable reversals. But again, nothing significant in terms of size.
And that's the reason why we didn't call it out.

So -- but in general, I will have to say our cash flow hedge program is actually something that helps
smooth out some of the fluctuations that we have on our hedging. And then there's also some other
impacts that actually impact the net amount. But again, I think the key is that we still have about $95
million of favorable timing effects that will reverse out over the future quarters.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens.

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I wanted to revisit the Vantage segment. I know in April, when you guys decided to close your 2 dry mills,
you talked about kind of a 4-month time line. Recognizing you might not want to telegraph too much the
timing of the reopening, what are you looking for from a market perspective as you think about reopening,
either sticking to that time frame or oscillating around the original time line that you laid out?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. We did indicate that when we temporarily idled the 2 facilities. We said that we'll probably keep it
down for about 4 months, which will frankly bring us to the end of third quarter. I think the data that we're
going to look at includes things such as industry ethanol levels.

And it's actually very encouraging, what we've seen recently, where EIA data on ethanol industry stocks,
inventory, they've come down from the peak of 27 million barrels, down to about 20 million right now. So
that's actually very, very encouraging. And you have seen ethanol margins respond accordingly with that
particular reduction in terms of inventory.

The other key variable is just recovery of driving miles, and you're actually starting to see that. We were
down as much as 40% during the trough of the state -- shelter-in-place. In terms of gasoline demand,
we're starting to see some level of recovery. We're probably down as an industry about 15% right now.

And so I think that some of the key data that we're going to look at is how that recovery continues,
how the inventory levels get maintained as we go through the next several months and how the margin
environment evolves. And that will guide us also in terms of the appropriate timing to kind of restart those
dry mills here. So it is a dynamic situation, but we're going to be very data-driven as we look towards the
strategy here.

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Okay. Following up on just the question around hedging. How exposed are you to the cash market? How
much of 3Q have you hedged? And have you hedged any of your 4Q crush commitments?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Normally, I mean our normal -- in terms of crush, we normally kind of hedge the fourth quarter
significantly, not 100%. But normally, we're hedged, I think, 50%, 75% normally.

We're always opportunistic, by the way, too. We'll look at the levels, and we'll determine when we layer in
the levels. And then as you get into the future quarters, there's less. And -- but we also do have hedges
already in 2021 based upon the favorable levels that we saw earlier in the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

I just wanted to get an update a little bit in terms of how you sort of see the U.S.-China trade situation
playing out. Do you think that China is going to be able to meet all the Phase 1 commitments? And then
just sort of any update you have on ASF over in China and how quickly they're rebuilding and what that
means for meal demand over there?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Mike, listen, we see -- I think you heard me saying before, I think that China is taking all the actions
that reflect their intention to comply with this. Despite the rhetoric, we continue to focus on the facts, The
facts are that they have imported more from the U.S. if you look at corn or if you look at soybean so far
versus last year.

And the reality, there is also a supply-demand reality here. Brazil is out of beans. The Argentine farmer
is not going to sell their beans. So the U.S. is going to be having a big harvest. And I think China, if you
think about, they're going to import 95 million, 96 million tons. And they have import already 70 million,
give or take, from South America. So they need to import about 25 million, 26 million tons, of which, they
have already committed half of that. So half is still to be done, which I think is going to be done from the
U.S. in the Q4.

So we feel good about that. And as I answered before to Ken in elevation margins, I think that's going to
be corn, it's going to be soy meal, soybean meal, it's going to be soy and it's going to be wheat. So it's
going to be a good program for the U.S. in terms of volumes.

In terms of ASF, I think the ASF has been evolving as we predicted early on, in which that created 10
million tons gap of protein in China. China has covered some of that with imports, and we've seen those
imports up around the world. We enjoy that, especially from Brazil this second quarter. And I think we're
seeing that growing into the U.S. as well. We also saw the professionalization of animal processing in
China. And with that, we've seen the increase of soybean mills in the rations and more efficient rations.

So will it be linear? Probably like COVID, this will not be linear. There are going to be ups and downs.
There are going to be a surge here or there that's going to be squashed. But I think that overall, we've
seen the worst. And I think that we're going to see probably full recovery by sometime later 2022 or
something like that, but it's going to be an in crescendo from here.

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

Great. And then last up is just on the destination marketing increases that you guys talked about. I mean
when can we start to see that accrue to the P&L? And what does the margin profile look like on destination
marketing compared to your North American operations?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Yes. Destination marketing here has been impacting us already. As I said, when I said global trade
had a record second quarter, that's what's driving a lot of that. This is a strategy we put 3, 4 or 5 years
ago. And to be honest, it's been emphasized now with people around the world more concerned about
the stability of the supply chains and the ability to move product around, which we've been able to move.
But having product locally has been very valuable for a lot of customers around the world. So we made
acquisitions in Egypt, in Israel. We opened some offices, and we continue to expand the number of
countries in Asia, in Europe and in South America that we are covering with that. So at the beginning,
we saw an expansion in volumes. We doubled the volumes. Now volumes are growing a little bit more
geographically, not in the same place, I would say. It's more by geographic expansion.

Our margins continue to increase. So we feel good about it. And it's a big contributor, and it was already a
big contributor of Ag Services for the first half of the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Katter with Baird.

David Francis Katter
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Quickly wanted to clarify or get an update on your strategic review for ethanol. Where in the process are
we? And kind of how has COVID impacted that? And what options are being considered?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

The review is continuing. We have interested parties in the assets. Naturally, in the COVID-19 environment
when the dry mills are shut down, the credit markets are basically shut down. We've taken a little bit of a
pause. But clearly, the process -- we expect the process to recommence as we kind of move through the
back part of the year as the markets start recovering back to more of a normality.

David Francis Katter
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Got it. And then one more, I just kind of want to hear your thoughts on the Readiness initiative. It's on
track to exceed its goal, I think you mentioned. But how does the focus shift? Or how does your mentality
change once you achieve that $1.2 billion goal? Kind of what's the next step for ADM's Readiness?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. This is a large company and a growing company. So as we continue to look for opportunities or
buckets of opportunity, we continue to find more. So everything that we do, David, is run into Readiness,
which is a way to execute better all our initiatives.

So I think that the first stage, if you will, was more on efficiencies. We are shifting a little bit more to
growth and innovation and to make sure that our growth and innovation has the same capabilities and
power to execute that efficiencies gap. But I will say, from a numbers perspective, we feel very good about
the $200 million to $300 million of net impact that we get every year. And we don't see any reason for
that not to be in the forecast for next year, maybe even a little bit better. So we feel good about that.

I will say if you look at -- if I take the opportunity of your question to speak a little bit about the algorithm
and how we're thinking for next year, the harvesting part, there's still more in front of us, and we continue
to see impact of that and probably growing. Maybe hopefully improve will be less so because we are
improving those businesses, and we don't have that many more businesses to improve maybe. And
Readiness continue to enlarge the scope, so the impact of revenue should continue to grow over time.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Ben Theurer with Barclays.

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I hope you're both well. Just one quick one and a follow-up. So within the Carbohydrate Solutions
segment, you've also mentioned that wheat had a very strong performance. And I think you said on
the call something like it was up 50%. I know it's small, but just out of curiosity, what are you seeing in
the month of July and into the rest of 3Q and maybe a little ahead into 4Q on the wheat part within the
Carbohydrate Solution business?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

No. The demand for flour continues to be strong. I mean probably first quarter, we saw a little bit of a
surge because of pantry loading, but the demand effects continued to be solid for wheat. And hence, our
mills are actually running very, very hard.

The contributor, don't forget, it's just the optimization initiatives that we had in our wheat processing plan.
So we actually shut down some inefficient mills and opened up new mills. The timing could not be more
perfect for that, right? And because the demand is there for our products, and now we actually produced
a flour from very efficient operations, and that has been actually an important contributor towards our
overall improvement in terms of results for wheat milling. So we're actually very, very pleased in terms of
how this strategy has unfolded here.

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And then a little more medium, long term. I mean, clearly -- and you've talked a lot about
Brazilian farmer selling was very strong, and I think you had in the presentation the state of where they
stand. So what are you seeing on the ground? What's your expectation into the second season in Brazil?

And then maybe into next year, what are you seeing on the ground in terms of intention to plant just
because of what they've been selling so strong right now? Do you see any significant uptick in volume in
Brazil that could become the competitor for U.S. in a more relevant way maybe looking into 2021?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think, Ben, we will continue to see Brazil adding a little bit of area. And I expect to have a large crop
next year in Brazil, weather-permitting. So I think that we will continue to do -- to see that. And we have
a strong origination team and crush team in Brazil, and I think we're going to continue to profit from that.

I think there is a place for U.S. and for Brazil. So I think it's just the -- I would say the short-term
dynamics depends in South America, a lot of what happened with currency. And you see the stark contrast
between an Argentine farmer that see no benefit in parting ways with the crop with the Brazilian farmer
that due to the weak real was an aggressive seller even of the new crop.

So I think those dynamics will happen. But I think over time, Brazil will try to continue to increase
production.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Anderson with Stifel.

Vincent Alwardt Anderson
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Nice quarter. I did just want to clarify a little bit more on the positive mix shift in Nutrition. You called out
growth in flavors and probiotics. Are those generally going to be higher-margin contributors? And then

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

also on plant proteins, was that also representative of a positive to mix or was it more that margins in the
protein business were improving as you fill the Campo Grande facility?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. A little bit of both. Certainly, Enderlin and Campo Grande are both new facilities, so they are both
getting better every quarter on what they do. The EBITDA percentage of sales, as you know that I follow
that, in the business continue to evolve favorably. If you look at the previous year quarter, it was 11.3%,
and this quarter, it was 15.1%. So of course, our team is very agile into bringing new products and the
new products that bring new opportunities for -- margin up the business. So we have those benefits.

Probiotics are -- of course, microbiome was a trend. That was incipient, if you will. And COVID has put
it right into the mainstream as people think about more health and wellness and immunity concerns. So
I would say probiotics that are science-based like ours are being added as supplements to many, many
products. And those products are highly technical. As I said, they require clinical trials and things like that.
So of course, they command higher margins. So we feel very good about those products.

And flavors, listen, flavors are incredibly important. All these things have to be taken by people and
they have to take good. So the combination of our scientists creating these flavors and masking maybe
different notes than maybe people don't appreciate is critical to this. And that's one of the reasons we
acquired WILD Flavors at that point in time because of those capabilities. When you combine those
capabilities with the fact that all our flavors or 95% plus of our flavors are natural, that makes this the
preferred solutions for most of our customers and certainly for the consumer. So we feel very good about
that.

Operator

Your final question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Seaport Global.

Eric Jon Larson
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Yes. Congratulations on a great quarter, guys. So just one really kind of technical question. It comes to the
-- and then I have a broader question. But the technical question is we've got elevation margins right now
in the Gulf ports that I haven't seen in quite some time. And just quit China aside for a minute, there's
good demand for -- there are a lot of other places outside of China. Obviously, the U.S. dollar is helping
a little bit. But do you think that COVID-19 has maybe put some scare into some other countries? Maybe
they've loaded some inventory to make sure that they've got enough grain and supplies for their people,
et cetera and that some of that demand might taper off. Or are they actually using the products that
they're shipping? I'm curious on the demand factor outside of China.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I would say probably at the beginning of the year, we saw a little bit more of that, Eric. I think now is
through demand that is coming through. I think that even through all the peak of the crisis, we've been
able to manage every port. We've been able to keep our operations running. The protocols that we have
with the crews of the vessels and the different ports have worked well. So I would say, probably early on,
maybe March, April, maybe people to -- people thought a little bit more about hoarding product. I don't
think that's true anymore. I think now we're seeing true demand. What is happening with that demand is
that -- is looking like strong demand and strong volumes for the U.S. So potentially, we could have record
profits in Q4 when you look at the volumes, plus the attractive prices, because we're going to have a big
harvest in the U.S. We are talking about large volumes for North America and we are talking about large
crop and maybe even early corn crop. So we feel very good about that progress.

And that's what you heard me saying before. In general, we look at the second half and I look at my
businesses, and I think my businesses are going to perform better in the second half than in the first half.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

So overall, the profit coming from the businesses should be stronger in the second half than in the first
half.

Eric Jon Larson
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Yes. We are going to have an outstanding harvest this year, and it's going to make us very competitive
globally. I would agree with that. So the other question here that I have -- I have 2 small questions.
One, we're starting to see estimates for Brazilian -- for next year, for Brazilian soybean production -- I'm
starting to see estimates north of 130 million metric tons. I mean we're seeing -- continued to see global
production expansion across all of the major production countries.

And my real question here, obviously, the world is growing as well. Are we going to have enough demand
over the next, let's say, 3 to 5 years to help -- to sell all this product? Or are some countries going to have
to seize some share, export share, as this production continues to grow pretty rapidly? It's a longer-term
question, but does demand and production match?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

I do believe so. When we look at the -- we've been adding like 2 billion people every 30 years here in the
world. And so -- and when you see how China is recovering, I mean, remember that we -- this virus hit us
from the east coming west. So we've seen how China is recovering, how Europe is recovering. Of course,
still the Americas are in the middle of the pandemic. But we need all that.

I think my concerns are not are we going to find enough demand for that volume? I think we still on --
the biggest issue for China and a lot of countries is food security, Eric. And when we -- when I go around
the world and talk to mandatories and all that, the biggest concern is that, are we going to see -- are we
going to -- do you have enough investments in infrastructure? Do you have the ports ready to bring all
that -- all those products? So we are not hearing a lot of issues with demand.

Eric Jon Larson
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then the one last question, and I'm sorry to ask so many. Obviously, Nutrition is just doing
exceptionally well, and you've had a lot of investment in there, and it's actually performing the way you
have said it's going to.

Not to pin you to any kind of a guidance number, Juan, in the past, you have shared what you thought
Nutrition could be as a contributor to the overall company over the long run. Could you give us an update
on your thoughts on that, because that's truly a new delta for the company?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Strategically, Eric, I always have -- we always have 2 north, if you will. One is we want to get to the
10% ROIC. And the second is we saw the opportunity to bring growth into the company with extending
our value chain into Nutrition. And we always say, you heard me saying, we think that that's a business
that could get easily to 25%, 30% of our profits, and it continues to move into that. And to be honest, it's
moving probably accelerated -- has accelerated into that number. So we might revisit that number. So we
don't have a specific number. But all I wanted to express at that point in time is it will be a meaningful
contributor because we saw the opportunity. We saw the potential for that business. And now I think that
everybody else is realizing.

At the beginning, we were in an investment phase. So to a certain degree, some of that performance
was masked. But now we're looking at what we are doing in -- look at WFSI. WFSI grew 27%. Of course,
Animal Nutrition grew much more than that. And when we look at all the microbiome potential there,
that's an incredible accelerator that is still very small. So I think I answered all before to Ken. You have to
remember, this is at the beginnings of what we can uncover in terms of profitability. We are just delivering

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

while we are building the business. But there is much more that will come from Nutrition. And I think that
if our track record serves us in giving you confidence, trust us, much more is coming from Nutrition.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Victoria de la Huerga
for closing remarks.

Victoria de la Huerga
VP of Investor Relations & ADM Ventures

Thank you for joining us today. Slide 10 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating.
As always, please feel free to follow-up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day, and
thanks for your time and interest in ADM.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

