AT&T Inc. NYSE:T
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 23, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.79

0.83

5.06

0.80

3.17

3.27

Revenue  (mm)

40977.20

40950.00

(0.07 %)

41898.87

170406.20

174519.27

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-22-2020 6:54 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.92

0.87

0.85

0.79

0.94

0.89

0.84

0.83

2.17 %

2.30 %

(1.18 %)

5.06 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor
Relations

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Michael L. McCormack
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the AT&T Second Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Amir Rozwadowski, Senior Vice President,
Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. I'm Amir
Rozwadowski, Head of Investor Relations for AT&T.

Joining me on the call today are John Stankey, AT&T's Chief Executive Officer; and John Stephens, our
Chief Financial Officer. John will provide opening comments followed by John Stephens, covering second
quarter results and our liquidity and capital position. After that, John Stankey will come back with a
business transformation update and discuss the HBO Max launch. Then we'll take your questions.

Before we begin, I need to call your attention to our safe harbor statement, which says that some of our
comments today may be forward-looking. As such, they're subject to risks and uncertainties. Results may
differ materially. Additional information is available on the Investor Relations website. And as always, our
earnings materials are also available on the Investor Relations page of the AT&T website.

I also want to remind you that we are in the quiet period for the FCC Spectrum Auction 105, so we cannot
address any questions about that today.

With that, I'll turn the call over to John Stankey. John?

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Thanks, Amir. I'm delighted to have you on board. You delivered that safe harbor statement much better
than Mike Viola ever did. Seriously, we appreciate the great job Mike did, leading our IR team for many
years. And working side by side with him, I'm going to miss seeing him around, and wish he and his family
all the best in their retirement.

So good morning, everyone. I hope you're all doing well as we continue to live with the impacts of
COVID-19, which I expect are going to be with us for some time. We're planning and operating under the
assumption that significant accommodations for COVID will be the business norm well into next year. The
unfortunate reality simply sharpens our focus and strengthens our resolve on the business transformation
path we chartered and the investment focus we've adopted.

Given that, let me walk you through our priorities moving forward. As a company, our purpose is to create
connection. We create connection with each other, with what people and businesses need to thrive every
day and with stories and experiences that matter. That purpose leads us to our market focus.

First, as a broadband provider, our high-speed fiber and wireless broadband networks connect the people
and businesses that form the foundation for how we live and work.

Second, as a software-based entertainment provider, we deliver compelling entertainment experiences
through HBO Max and AT&T TV, giving us the opportunity to establish meaningful relationships with the
majority of U.S. households.

And third, the fantastic stories we tell and share in our platforms drive direct customer engagement and
insights and create emotional attachments that can drive long-lasting customer loyalty across our product
set.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

We're executing our plans to provide great connectivity and great content, along with better value and
service to drive more customer engagement across all of AT&T. Our goal is to give our customers a reason
to actively engage with us every day, in fact, multiple times a day. Every touch point represents a chance
to learn more about what they want. And bringing connectivity and engagement together will allow for the
crucial insights to guide future investment and open new opportunities for subscription- and advertising-
supported products. So that's our setup, and that's the way you'll hear us talking about things going
forward.

To grow, we know we have to be more effective and efficient in our execution. As part of our
transformation initiative, we have more than 50 different work streams underway that will enhance
not only how we work together, but how we deliver improved service levels and greater value for our
customers, including competitive pricing that drives market momentum and targeted investment to
achieve growth in those key products I mentioned.

Our success relies on AT&T becoming a more agile and efficient company that's able to meet our
customers' needs in the highly competitive and quickly evolving markets. Our transformation began
with the new operating model we put in place at WarnerMedia last year to organize our teams around
entertainment networks, live programming, content production and affiliate and advertising sales. That
allowed us to work together across WarnerMedia and all of AT&T to successfully launch HBO Max.

A few months ago, we took the next step and moved Xandr to WarnerMedia, so we could accelerate
our progress in building software-based entertainment platforms, supported by both subscription and
advertising, like the AVOD version of HBO Max we plan to launch next year.

Last month, we made changes on how we're organized and operate at AT&T Communications to improve
our focus on customer service, simplify and rationalize our product portfolio around our growth areas and
operate with more speed and efficiency.

I fully expect that the AT&T that emerges from this transformation work will look different than what
we know today. We couldn't make this transition without a solid balance sheet and a deliberate capital
allocation plan. We have strong cash flows that allow us to allocate capital effectively. We're continuing to
invest significantly in our growth areas of fiber; 5G, which is nationwide as of today; FirstNet; and HBO
Max.

We remain committed to our dividend, which we've increased for 36 consecutive years. We finished the
quarter with a dividend payout ratio of about 50%. We expect to end the year with our payout ratio in the
60s, likely at the low end of that range.

We continue to reduce our near-term debt obligations and maintain high-quality debt metrics.

Finally, we remain committed to an ongoing disciplined review of our portfolio of businesses and assets to
identify those we can monetize because they're no longer core to our business.

Now let me offer my perspective on the quarter before I turn it over to John Stephens to walk you through
the details. Our core subscription businesses proved to be resilient in the face of the economic downturn.
Our Mobility and Business Wireline segments performed well, and we grew EBITDA margins in both areas.
We continue to add new fiber customers, though COVID limited our ability to go into some customers'
homes for installs.

Our software-based entertainment business has performed well. AT&T TV subscriber growth in its first
full quarter was better than we expected, and it's our highest-performing video product on customer
satisfaction, double the level of our legacy TV services.

HBO Max had a strong launch, on track to hit its targets we laid out for you last fall. We're already seeing
how HBO Max can increase our broadband adds and increase wireless ARPU.

Obviously, COVID had a significant impact on our WarnerMedia segment with advertising revenues,
content production and theaters all shut down. We'll talk more about that a little later in the presentation,
but I cannot imagine being at this moment, absent the moves we made last year, to reconfigure our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

WarnerMedia operations and refocus the business on the growing and important direct-to-consumer
opportunity.

With that, I'll turn it over to John.

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone.

Our financial summary for the quarter begins on Slide 5. Adjusted EPS was $0.83 a share. That included
COVID impacts from incremental costs related to compassion pay and production delays and lost revenues
from forgone international roaming and delayed theatrical releases. Combined, COVID had a $0.09 a share
impact to second quarter EPS.

Adjustments for the quarter include an overall accrual for severance and a noncash write-down of real
goodwill based on the overall economic conditions in Latin America, foreign exchange rates and COVID
impacts. The severance accrual reflects the workforce adjustments we're making as part of our cost
reduction and transformation plans. Cash impacts on these severances will occur over the next several
quarters.

Revenues were down from a year ago, including an estimated $2.8 billion of lost or deferred revenues
impact from COVID. This was mostly due to the absence of theatrical and television releases and lower
advertising from delayed sports programming and a slow economy. Lower international rolling revenues
impacted Mobility.

In our reported results, foreign exchange had an impact of about $500 million in lower revenues, primarily
in our Latin America segment. Corresponding expense reductions offset most of the impact on operating
income. In fact, adjusted operating income margins were essentially flat, but were up when excluding
COVID impacts.

Cash flow was impressive even during the pandemic. Cash from operations came in at more than $12
billion, and free cash flow came in at $7.6 billion. A variety of items supported cash, including solid
accounts receivable collections and some benefits from CARES Act, and we continue to invest in our
growth areas.

CapEx was $4.5 billion, with gross capital investment at around $5 billion, a difference primarily
attributable to the timing of underpayments. Plus, we invested an additional $1 billion in new 5G spectrum
in the quarter, and we invested nearly $400 million in HBO Max, in line with our full year estimate of $2
billion.

We were active in the debt markets during the quarter, managing our towers for financial flexibility and
allowing us to take advantage of historically low interest rates. We'll talk more about that in a moment.

Let's look at our segment operating results, starting with our Communications segment on Slide 6. Our
subscription business, led by Mobility, broadband and Business Wireline, remain resilient. Mobility had
another good quarter, even with the impact of COVID. Equipment revenue helped offset declines in service
revenues, which were down due to a decline in international roaming revenue and waived overage and late
fees. Without those COVID impacts, we estimate service revenue would have grown more than 2%.

Even with many of our stores being closed during much of the quarter, Mobility equipment revenues grew,
with growth in digital sales and a strong rebound as stores reopened late in the quarter. Mobility EBITDA
continues to be a solid story. EBITDA of $7.8 billion was up year-over-year, with both EBITDA margins and
service margins expanding, and that's inclusive of COVID impacts.

Our total reported phone growth was essentially flat. We had more than 135,000 prepaid phone net adds
that helped offset the decline in postpaid phone. Our quarterly subscriber counts for the postpaid wireless,
video and broadband reflect an estimate for customers who will likely disconnect service once the Keep
Americans Connected Pledge ends. In short, we're treating these subscribers as disconnects in the second
quarter. While this impacts net adds, churn and service revenues, we believe this is the most transparent

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

and accurate way to account for this. About 340,000 of our postpaid phone subscribers were counted as
disconnects, even though they were still on our network. If you add those back to our results, we would
had about 190,000 postpaid phone net adds and much lower churn. Postpaid phone churn was down 2
basis points, even with the Keep Americans Connected accrual. We also had a record low prepaid churn of
under 3%.

The popularity of our unlimited plans also increased, thanks in part to our Elite package, that includes HBO
Max.

In our Entertainment Group, we had lower video and advertising revenues. This includes an estimated
$300 million impact on both revenue and EBITDA from COVID, from lower advertising demand and lower
commercial volumes.

AT&T TV gains helped offset premium video losses and, at the same time, had about a 90% attach rate
with our broadband services. Premium video losses remained about the same as the first quarter.

Broadband customers continue to look for faster speeds. We added more than 220,000 AT&T Fiber
subscribers, and a number of customers opting for gigabit speeds increased by more than 750,000 in the
quarter. We now have 4.3 million AT&T Fiber customers, with nearly 2 million of them on 1 gigabit speeds.

I should point out, our total broadband numbers do not include 159,000 subscribers who are counted as
disconnects, even though they remained active on our network through the Keep Americans Connected
program.

We continue to drive ARPU growth in both video and IP broadband. In fact, premium video ARPU was up
more than 6%, as we continue to focus on long-term value customers. Business Wireline performance was
solid, as enterprise customers trusted the reliability and flexibility of our network.

EBITDA was essentially stable year-over-year, and margins expanded by 90 basis points. Revenues were
consistent with recent trends, as slower declines in legacy products were partially offset by a growth in
strategic and managed services. This EBITDA strength was even more impressive when you consider
that a year ago, we had an IP sale, which helped both revenue and EBITDA results. If you back that out,
revenue would have been down just 1.7%, and EBITDA would have grown.

Let's move to WarnerMedia and Latin America results, which are on Slide 7. As John mentioned, the
COVID impact is most evident in our WarnerMedia results. Altogether, COVID had about $1.5 billion
revenue impact in the quarter. Lower expenses resulted in a favorable impact on EBITDA. The biggest
news of the quarter for WarnerMedia was the successful launch of HBO Max, which John will cover in more
detail in just a minute.

Turning to our Latin America operations. Foreign exchange was a major factor as were slow economies and
the onset of COVID. Mexico was impacted by lower equipment sales from COVID-related stores closures.
This also impacted prepaid customers' ability to renew their service. Even with this, Mexico EBITDA
improved year-over-year.

Vrio also continues to work against significant economic and foreign exchange headwinds, which have
become even stiffer with COVID. But even in this challenging economic environment, Vrio continues to
generate positive EBITDA and cash flow on a constant currency basis. We closed our Venezuela operations
in the quarter to comply with sanctions of U.S. laws. This had minimal impact on Vrio's financial results,
but did reduce its subscriber base.

Now let's go to Slide 8 for an update on capital structure. We exited the quarter with a very strong
financial position. Cash flows were strong, our capital allocation remained focused, and we made large
strides in effectively managing our debt portfolio. Our strong free cash flow in the quarter gives us even
greater confidence that we'll hit our full year goal of a total dividend payout ratio in the 60% range, likely
at the low end of that range. We also continue to invest. We now expect gross capital investment to come
in at the $20 billion range for the full year, consistent with our original 2020 guidance.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

The FirstNet build continues to run ahead of plan. We expect additional network benefits as our 5G build is
expected to reach nationwide coverage today. The network and the entire FirstNet team has done a great
job in building out our 5G network.

We've been active in the bond market. Rates are low, demand is healthy, and we used this opportunity to
issue about $17 billion in long-term debt at rates significantly below our average cost of debt. This allowed
us to materially reduce our near-term debt towers, making our debt obligations for the next few years
very manageable. We'll continue to be disciplined with debt management. Ongoing liability management
strategies are actively being considered to maintain and improve flexibility and reduce risk. We have
several other levers we can pull to optimize our capital structure. We expect to close about $2 billion in
pending sales from CME, real estate and tower monetizations this year. We also expect to close our Puerto
Rico wireless sale soon, with those funds used to redeem some preferred interest. And you should expect
us to continue exploring other opportunities.

I now would like to turn it back to John for an update on our business transformation and HBO Max. John?

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Thanks, John. Let me give you more detail about our business transformation on Slide 9. If anything,
COVID has led us to ramping these efforts. We're moving forward on the 50 work streams I mentioned
earlier, which we believe can generate $6 billion in savings over 3 years. We've made good progress in
hitting our short-term objectives, but there is much to do over the next couple of years. Our workforce
realignment and reduction of labor cost is underway. We restructured some of our benefit plans earlier in
the year, and we made several moves to streamline operations.

Within the Communications business, we're also streamlining our distribution. The closure of retail stores
during COVID gave us unique opportunity to review our retail and third-party distribution capabilities.
Some of our least productive stores won't reopen. Other locations will shift to independent distributors,
and we're enhancing our online and omnichannel capabilities to align with how customers want to do
business with us.

Our market and product focus will drive simplification into our operations and resize our operating and
technology footprint, all while taking further advantage of our evolution to cloud and virtualized services.

Our shift to software-based entertainment with AT&T TV is validating our assumptions on customer self-
install. We expect this, coupled with the growth of our fiber-based broadband subscribers, will improve
service levels and reduce field operating costs.

We're also giving our call center representatives improved capabilities to streamline and enhance the sales
and service function. And we're rationalizing and modernizing our billing and collection systems.

Last, we're pursuing incremental opportunities to take out additional costs around corporate functions
across the company. As I mentioned earlier, we've had some success in this regard. Work remains to
further streamline the functions that support those directly serving customers.

Bottom line, we're off to a good start on our transformation work. We have management teams in place
on each of our major initiatives and the senior-level governance structure to guide and resource this work.
We're in great shape to do exactly what we said we're going to do.

Now I want to provide you with an update on the success of our HBO Max launch on Slide 10. First, I
want to give full credit to the entire HBO Max team, which put together a flawless launch. I'm extremely
proud of their efforts and accomplishments. We effectively established a new distribution framework for
WarnerMedia. The platform performed superbly, activations were strong, and the content is world-class.
And the team developed and launched the service in a short time frame and managed to get it all over the
finish line in the middle of a pandemic.

We're right on track with the targets we discussed with you last fall for HBO Max subscribers, activations
and revenues. HBO Max's diverse library of content appeals to everyone in the family, letting us reach a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

much broader demographic than our traditional HBO service. And with that broader appeal, we've been
able to expand beyond the traditional HBO subscriber base. We finished the quarter with 36.3 million U.S.
subscribers to HBO Max and HBO, up from 34.6 million at the end of last year.

Customer engagement has exceeded our expectations. It's the early days, but the average number of
weekly hours spent viewing Max is 70% more than on HBO NOW, clearly demonstrating the strength
of our library and our success broadening the appeal of the product to more family members. It's our
WarnerMedia-owned content that's at the top of the viewing list, and that's driving the majority of the
total hours consumed on the platform. In the streaming business, your content library is the key to
keeping customers, but it's the new originals that drive subscriber acquisition.

With COVID shutting down content production in March, we've been challenged to get all the originals on
the platform that we planned, but we like the early reception of what we've been able to get in front of
the customer base, thus far. We launched Max with 6 new originals, all were found in the top 25 viewed
series on the platform. By August, we'll have 21 new original series on Max, which we expect to sustain
our near-term acquisition efforts.

Like everyone else in the industry, we're working on ways to resume production, and we hope to see that
engine start to fire back up next month. Having said that, it's one of our more challenging things we're
doing to respond to the pandemic, and it's going to take time to return to our February production levels.
We view getting our production back online as critical to making our 2021 subscriber plan.

One month after launch, HBO Max had about 3 million retail subscribers, and 4.1 million subscribers had
activated their Max account. Of those, more than 1 million were wholesale subscribers through AT&T. As
you might expect, we're seeing more rapid activation with subscribers who are active users of the HBO
digital offers, but we still have work to do to educate and motivate the exclusively linear subscriber base,
and we'll continue to work with our wholesale partners to drive these activation rates.

We're also bundling HBO Max with some of our premium wireless and fiber plans. We're seeing a positive
pull-through that's at or better than the wireless unlimited plan step-up assumptions we shared with you
in October. You'll recall this, coupled with the 5G handset upgrade cycle, was one of the key drivers to
growing wireless service revenues in the latter half of the year.

Finally, we worked hard to make HBO Max available to consumers through nearly every content distributor
in the United States. We've tried repeatedly to make HBO Max available to all customers using Amazon
Fire devices, including those customers that have purchased HBO via Amazon. Unfortunately, Amazon has
taken an approach of treating HBO Max and its customers differently on how they've chosen to treat other
services and their customers. We're glad to have agreements in place with, among others, Apple TV and
Google Chromecast to give customers the right to stream HBO Max on those devices.

Amir, that's our presentation. We're now ready to go to the Q&A.

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations
Operator, we're ready to take the first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Hodulik from UBS.

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe if you could drill down into the entertainment segment a little bit. John Stephens, I think you
mentioned something about sort of the noncash piece that may have affected sort of EBITDA on a year-
over-year basis, if we could get more color on that. And then anything you guys can tell us on volume
trends? I realize there's a real lack of visibility as we look into the second half. But the video losses got a
little bit better, even with the KC pulled out, but just how you see sort of video and broadband trends as
we look out into the second half of the year would be great.

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, John. Thanks for your question. Let me give you a couple of thoughts and let John join in. One
point is we did get a little bit better on the customer trends. And that did include, I think it was 91,000, if
you will, accrued disconnects, customers we're still providing service. So if you back that out, it was a step
down, it was an improvement. But we're in the middle of a pandemic, and so we're being real careful with
how we address the situation.

Secondly, we were real pleased with the AT&T TV rollout. It is -- it has been successful that comes and is
working -- or once again, because of the pandemic, some of the in-home installs and some of that activity
has been limited. So once again, we're cautious as we come out of that.

Third, to specifically reference, we amortized installment costs, like the whole industry does. And because
of AT&T TV, those installment costs from a cash basis are going down, but the amortization of prior years'
installment costs are still here. And we've taken a more conservative view on the lifting of those, so those
costs are up year-over-year. So when you adjust for that, we actually had cash EBITDA actually grow
when you make that adjustment. But for COVID, we would have saw an increase.

So it's a challenging business. We continue to focus on cost savings and continue to generate a lot of cash
out of it. But the important piece is this utilization of AT&T TV now and taking into that overall strategy of
software-based entertainment programs. John, do you want to add anything to it?

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

John, there's clearly gross pressure, and I'd offer a couple of thoughts around this. Our churn on the base
improved again sequentially, and that's even with the Keep Americans Connected adjustment in there.
And so the base dynamic is actually getting better, and the team is doing a nice job of keeping the right
customers and servicing them in the right way. But the gross pressures are pretty significant. I would
say, to the extent the reason comes back for people to engage on pay TV, such as sports returning, where
there's some feeling of something that they're missing, if that doesn't recover, it's going to continue to
pressure throughout the balance of this year.

Now what I really like about what I see about our opportunity, if we start seeing that growth recover, as
we shared with you, the AT&T TV response has been really strong. Customers like the product. It's a much
better product to use. It's clearly something that allows us to attack more of the market given the lower
SAC cost that John described. And the broadband attachment has been far secured than where we were
with the previous product set, and I think that's one of the reasons you saw a sequential improvement in
fiber as we move forward here.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

So I think that dynamic is going to be good for us as we move through the year, but I really need to see
some reason for a customer to want to get into the pay TV product, and that's going to probably correlate
to what we see on the sports portfolio.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick from JPMorgan.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So still on the pledge, what's been the response from those customers in July as you ask them for
payment? And can you quantify at all how much revenue you didn't recognize from those customers in the
second quarter?

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Let me give you this cheat-sheet way of doing it. I think about it as -- I think the most conservative
way is just taking amongst revenue on a postpaid customer, and you guys have the ARPU numbers, so
you can understand what that revenue would be like. I'd also tried -- I give you that focus. In our detailed
schedules that we provided, we provided a reconciliation of what we saw, and so revenue pressure in
Mobility from COVID, it's included in there. And I think that revenue for the quarter was $450 million,
inclusive of International roaming and these kinds of payments. So what I would suggest to you is that's
the easiest way to calculate it.

Couple of things. One, we're actively contacting, working with and trying to retain these customers. And
certainly, we haven't given up on them, and they haven't given up on us. So clearly, we are hopeful of
retaining many of these customers. But since they're not paying us, our rules would -- our accounting
processes, our transparency processes would tell us just to treat these as disconnects. I know that some
others in the industry have different views on it. They may push this off to the third quarter, later in the
year or may make base adjustments and so forth. We're just not doing that. We're just taking it upfront
and laying it out for you, not only on wireless, but on video and on broadband. And I'd point those out
because the video and the broadband numbers are measurable also, 91,000 video and almost 160,000 on
broadband.

I hope I explained -- I mean, if you think about that postpaid number, 1 month's revenues at a normal
ARPU kind of gives you an indication of the kind of money we're talking about.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. So I'm just curious, so 3 weeks into July, as I expect you've been contacting these customers, what's
been the response? Can you give us any kind of hit rate or what they look like in terms of responding with
some ability to pay?

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So there's been generally a positive response. I would tell you, we assume that we'd get some of
these customers back in this accrual, just so you know that. I mean, there's this utmost goal that we
would win some of those back. Yes, we're doing a little bit better than that accrual, but we'll -- but it's still
too early. We still have a significant number out there. And quite frankly, I want to point out, we refer to
this as the Keep Americans Connected programs or pledges. There's a number of them out there, there's
-- not only at the federal FCC level, but there's a number of them out there at the state-by-state level.
So this is something that will be with us through the whole quarter. I'm not going to give you a specific
number, Phil, on it, but I just would tell you, in all 3 segments, we are working really hard to retain those
customers.

Philip A. Cusick

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. But doing a little better than your accrual, that's good. One other, if I can. Can you quantify at all
the sports cost amortization that will probably come back given the league's plans for the third quarter? I
just -- we saw a really great margins from Turner this quarter. I just -- I want to make sure I understand
where we should be ready for that to go in the third quarter.

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think if you look at what we spelled out in the -- the best indication that's going to be what we
spelled out in the COVID schedules, where we listed out those impacts. But you're right, Phil. We will have
sports costs come back in for the NBA, particularly, and we'll have those revenues come back. And as
we expressed to you, those just 2 pieces of direct costs generally leave a pressure on the business. And
we've got relieved of that pressure the second -- in the first quarter because of the delays. And now we'll
recognize that accounting in the second -- in the third quarter here, so we will see that. And I think you
see the biggest piece of that really showing up in the COVID schedules on -- that we disclosed.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Simon Flannery from Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Great. John, I think you said COVID's going to be with us for a while. Could you just give us a little
color on what's happening in the wireless stores today? How are sales comparing to year ago levels?
Are you getting back even with maybe some of the rollbacks we've seen in a couple of -- some of the
Southern states as well? And what's going on, on the Business Wireline side? Those results are very
strong. How are those conversations going? And then you outlined the transformation benefit, $6 billion.
Perhaps just help us understand how -- is that going to be fairly ratable over the next 3 years? Any color
around timing would be great.

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Sure. Simon, first of all, traffic has bounced back in the stores. It's pretty well. It's still not quite entirely
back. You have pockets where it's maybe back to normal, other pockets where it's suppressed a bit. Part
of it is, as we've shared with you, we're now giving customers other options on how to fulfill, so in some
cases, using omnichannel capabilities. They're doing work online and then simply rolling by the front of
the store to pick something up. But I'd say, by and large, I don't feel in any way, shape or form we're
impeded in retail relative to what customers wish to do with us. And it's just a matter of what we're seeing
generally in the broader population of people being out and about.

We're starting to see a little bit of life coming back into the handset cycle right now. I'd expect a little bit
later this year, there will probably be some new product in the market from certain manufacturers that
is going to further stimulate some store traffic, and feel like we're dealing with it fairly effectively. So not
really worried about the retail dynamic at this point, and I think it's recovering reasonably well.

The biggest wild card on that is what's happening in states that are pressured a little bit with COVID.
Hopefully, as people try to get the infection rate under control, it's not an entire lockdown again. From my
point of view, that doesn't seem to be necessary. My observation is we're able to manage the dynamics in
retail pretty well in terms of safety and how people do business. There's other activities that are probably
the higher-risk things. But who knows? As we all know, the decision making is not always as clean and
factual as it needs to be on those cases, so we're going to have to see where that goes.

On the business side, we had a strong quarter. And I would say that I would expect that it will be hard
to sustain that level into third quarter, and we've expected -- we kind of forecasted that and how we've
characterized for you how the year shapes up. We're going to see pressure, especially in the lower end of
the business market. We've already taken a fair amount of it. If you look in the Entertainment segment,
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

we were really heavy in bars and restaurants and some of the pay TV services that we have. And they've
been hit really hard, and a lot of them have not come back. And then in the data services side and
telephone services side, for the small end of the market, I expect there's going to be continued pressure
there. Now if there's a silver lining relative to our portfolio, I think, as you're aware, our Enterprise
segment is probably more oriented to mid- and larger businesses, generally speaking, overall. I think
they'll be in a better position to sustain what's going to be a tough economic environment. But that
business does cycle with how the economy moves, and we're going to see some pressure on that as we
move into the third quarter and what that does for our performance there. And I think we've got -- it's
hold pretty well relative to how we set expectations with you on cash moving through the year.

On where we are with our $6 billion efforts, I think what you -- I wouldn't say it's ratable. The way I would
say is we've got probably some short-term things we were able to do early in the cycle. You're starting to
see that momentum come in. You clearly see we're doing some work right now on the reserves we set up
for some restructuring we put out that is directly tied to our plans around what we're doing for some of
the efficiency work and restructuring that's going on. You kind of see the midterm, or maybe it drops off a
little bit as we're working some of the technology initiatives and business improvement initiatives that take
a period of cycle as you move through software development that's necessary. And then as you get into
the latter part, those bounce in and start to occur. So I'm not going to call it an inverted V. It's not that,
but you get a lot upfront. You see a little bit of softening, and then it pops up in the tail end that comes
back in. So it may be risk adjusted in that fashion.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of David Barden from Bank of America.

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

This one might be for either one of the 2 Johns. Could you guys address the timing and/or criteria and
some of the kind of political considerations about restarting the buyback program, and whether it's a
certainty that, that buyback program comes back in '21 or not?

And then the second question is, I guess, related to the wireless business. I guess, maybe this one's for
John Stephens. The 2 forces are the pressure from overage and roaming at the revenue line, offset a little
bit by the equipment -- on the lower equipment velocities. And then also you had this hazard pay for the
union forces. Could you kind of talk about which of these forces is going to be stronger? Is the hazard pay
going away, and that's going to give you a lift? Is the equipment going to accelerate, and that's going to
be a pressure? When does the roaming come back? If we could get some color on those moving forces, it
would be helpful.

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

Dave, thanks for the question. Let me take the second one first. With regard to Mobility, think about it this
way. John just mentioned that we felt good about our retail space. If you look at the equipment revenue in
the second quarter, it actually grew, and that was from a rebound in our retail stores and our equipment
sales in rebound. That's because they're open. And this hazard pay and some of the issues with regard to
what we've done on Mobility are ebbing, and we're opening.

Secondly, I would tell you that on the overall Mobility, we grew EBITDA, even with those costs of the
pandemic, even with the pressure from international roaming, the pressure from waiving light fees or
overage charges and pressure from the Connect America. So from my perspective, we're in very good
shape in those things to work through those even currently, but going forward.

And the big piece of that is we've had a lot of cost initiatives that allow for us to grow that. Even with
those additional costs from COVID, as you say, the battle pay, so to speak, we were able to keep costs
aligned and grow EBITDA. So from my perspective, I think we're in a very good position. And as we
work through the Connect America -- Keep Americans Connected groups, as we get to more stable

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

environment, we feel very good about where the Mobility business is going. It's been a tremendous cash
generator, so feels good about that.

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

On the question, Dave, regarding where we are on stock buyback, I would tell you, it's too early to call
anything, and the Board is going to sit down on their annual planning cycle in September. And broadly
speaking, we're going to look at capital allocation. And we've shared with you that our concerns around
visibility remain. Clearly, as I indicated in my opening remarks, with COVID being with us for a long period
of time, and we're going to be in this up and down dynamic, it's too early to tell exactly what's going to
occur. And I expect, as we get into the latter part of the third quarter, maybe we have a little bit better
visibility of what '21 looks like and what the circumstances are. And we'll spend time at the Board in
September talking about that broadly and looking at the investment opportunities that are in front of us
and how we want to deploy capital and the best way to give the right returns back. But I'm not going to
prognosticate one way or the other on that at this point.

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

Yes, and one thing I'll add. We've been really successful in managing the debt towers and managing the
cost of our debt. We did about $17 billion of issuances in the last month and using that to retire previously
issued debt at better interest rates with better timing and spreads, much more manageable towers. So
we're very active. And quite frankly, the bond market has responded quite well. Our yields are as low as --
it is competitive for us as I've ever seen. So I would tell you, we're very active in the capital markets, just
on managing that debt side. And I think the markets have responded well to that. So I'd just add that in.
That's been a real focus, and it will continue to be a focus of ours.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rollins from Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to return to some of the priorities, John, that you discussed at the beginning of the call, and
just 2 questions on that. First, you described broadband -- being a broadband provider is the first priority.
What does that mean for the pace at which you want to expand fiber to the home or gigabit access to the
home if you can use other technologies such as 5G?

And the second question was on your second priority, which was the focus on being a software-based
entertainment provider, and you mentioned AT&T TV as part of that opportunity. To be successful with
AT&T TV, does AT&T need to own the DIRECTV satellite video business?

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Mike, thanks for the question. So on the broadband side, look, I have an appetite to get back to building
footprint on fiber, and I think I've indicated that before. And I wouldn't quite pigeon hole it in the way
you asked the question relative to households. I have an appetite to build fiber that serves a combination
of our needs in the consumer space, what we need to do to deploy 5G and what can help our business
segment. And really, the unique position we're in as a business is we have lines of business in all those
areas, and that should give us leverage in fiber deployment that I think others that are either only a fixed
line provider and reselling wireless services or those that are only wireless providers and trying to deploy
more fiber-intensive 5G networks don't enjoy. And my investment thesis and my point of view on our
company is that if we do our engineering correctly, and we think about our planning properly, we should
be getting yields off of every millennial foot of fiber we put in that nobody else can achieve.

And so as I think about this, and as we're working them through from a planning perspective right now,
it's how we get the leverage across all 3 segments, not just the homes that we pass. Although, ideally, the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

net effect of that will be there will be communities that we build. I personally do not believe that 5G is a
replacement in the near term for suburban, residential, single-family living units. It is an optimal strategy.
I think it's going to be a tough one to beat when there's embedded gigabit-capable fixed line networks in
place. And so I think there's clearly going to be stuff on the margin that makes sense around that. But I
don't believe in the near term that 5G is the right fixed line replacement strategy in what I would call a
typical single-family home infrastructure. And look, if it ultimately moves that way, and we start to see the
technology stabilizing, we're as well positioned as anybody to pivot to that. We certainly got the spectrum
and the assets to make that happen; but I'm just not of the mindset right now that, that's the optimal
place to win in the market.

On the software-based side, I think what I've shared with you is that my belief is that, ultimately, you're
coming together with one distribution platform for entertainment. Today, we've kind of seen SVOD and
pay TV platforms grow up independently, and there's good reasons why that's occurred up to this point in
time. But there's no reason we should think that over the long haul that once customers are aggregated
on one platform or the other that live stays separate from on demand, general entertainment content,
and that we're going to see these products ultimately come together. So when I talk about software-
based entertainment, I think about the fact that we want a platform with a lot of customers on it that
is capable of either delivering general entertainment content under an SVOD construct or whatever is
that appropriate mix of live linear moving forward. And I think that's probably the optimal way to meet
customer needs as we go forward.

Do I think that satellite is necessary to respond in that area? I mean, you can go back and look at
comments I made, I think, very early on and post transaction of DIRECTV that we didn't necessarily
make that move because we love satellite as a technology to deliver premium entertainment-based video
content. We like the customer base. It was an opportunity to move that customer base into the right
technology platforms moving forward, and that's clearly where we're investing and what we're doing right
now, which is building those software platforms that can deliver either live or on-demand entertainment-
based content and have that relationship with the customer, use the data and the analytics we pull from
that and, hopefully, bridge off other services that those platforms can ultimately deliver. And I don't
necessarily view satellite technology as the place that's necessary to make that happen.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs.

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

One of the areas where we've seen a real difficulty driving a reopening is in moviegoing. You've already
had to adjust Tenet a couple of times. You've acknowledged it's going to be a very different release than
we've historically seen. In light of the uncertainty around getting back to normal with that experience, and
also with the direct platform you now have in HBO Max, can you talk about whether you think there's an
opportunity or a need to evolve your film release and windowing schedule and, in particular, whether you
think HBO Max could be a much more important launch point for your films going forward?

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Sure, Brett. Look, I think I said last quarter that I fully expected that coming out of COVID that I would
be surprised if the industry as a whole didn't see some adjustment into the -- in the theatrical construct.
And I also made the point that, look, I think theatrical still has an absolute important role moving forward.
There's just some content that is going to be more enjoyable and better to see in theaters than in the
living room. And we fully believe that, and we want to work with our theatrical partners and our exhibitors
to ensure that we work with them and try to get through this very difficult period. However, I don't know
when theaters are going to reopen, just like I'm not sure I can say I know exactly when schools are
going to reopen and what the circumstances are going to be around it. And there's no question that the
longer this goes on, there's going to be some content on the margin. If we look at and say, it may be
better served to be distributed in another construct or a different construct, I love the fact that we have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

that option now. I love the reality that we've been able to build a platform that we can get leverage and
capabilities out of any content we build, theatrical or otherwise, and pick the platform and where we go
with it.

So do I think that there could be some things that we had originally chartered and built for theatrical
release that maybe migrates into an SVOD construct? Sure. I think that could occur. Is it going to happen
on a movie like Tenet or something like Wonder Woman? I'd be very surprised that, that would be the
case. In fact, I can assure you on Tenet, that's not going to be the case.

So I think we're just going to take it a piece at a time. It's nice to have the optionality. And as I shared
with you in the last earnings call, when we looked at the slate, we already have moved some of our future
production slate, where we've retooled it for what would have probably been a theatrical release that
we're choosing to execute the movie as what's going to be a direct to streaming construct. So yes, I think
there are going to be some shifts as we move forward here.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack from Guggenheim.

Michael L. McCormack
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Maybe just a quick one on the wireless revenue/ARPU. What are you guys seeing out there as far as
customers potentially trading down to lower plans given the work-from-home environment and most
things being WiFi-based instead? And then back on, I guess, on the Business Wireline side. Are you guys
seeing any slowdown in decision making on the enterprise side? We've seen that historically in economic
downturns and getting some whispers out there on that. Just wondered what you're seeing. And then
if you don't mind, John Stephens, on the working capital side, but just the pacing in the back half on
working capital.

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Let me just take the front end of that, and then John can come in and do the cleanup here. Frankly, quite
the opposite right now in our postpaid business, what's occurring. We are -- I think we indicated in some
of the comments, we are already seeing the dynamic of the attach rate of the better unlimited and the
higher ARPU unlimited plans increasing. And I made that point deliberately because this is where HBO
Max and wireless come together nicely. We're giving customers a reason to go up in the more robust
unlimited plans, and we're already seeing that penetration increase. We shared with you in October that,
that was an important driver through a combination of the incentives we would give people on the 5G
network to buy into the upper-end unlimited plans as well as how Max complements those. And we are
seeing that success with Max. So check the box on the front end of that. And once we have the right kind
of equipment showing up on the 5G side, I think we will see that momentum continue and carry forward.

So I think wireless has become more indispensable to customers in the work-at-home environment, not
less. They're relying more on their devices. They're using them more. It's an important utility and tool for
them to execute the mix of their personal and business lives. And so the trend has actually been really
good around that.

On the enterprise side, as I mentioned earlier, I think that it's going to directly correlate to what happens
in the economy overall, as we move forward. The good news is we service a lot of important economic
segments in our enterprise business, and we are skewed heavier to the mid-market as I talked about.
And as the airline industry continues to move through its challenges, our customer base is going to move
through its challenges. As the hospitality industry moves through its challenges, our customer base is
going to move through its challenges. And we're going to work with them in going through that dynamic
because they're important customers to ours, and we have longstanding relationships. And as I said, I
would expect that in the third and fourth quarter, we're going to see some pressure in that segment as a
result of that. I think we've done a reasonable job of trying to forecast what that's going to look like. But

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

I can't believe that we're going to see tailwinds as we kind of get through that dynamic. And John, if you
want to…

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

Yes, let me just take a little bit -- if you look at the postpaid ARPU, we're seeing the growth that John's
talked about when you take into account the fact that the international roaming had the COVID impacts.
So that's how you see it. And then HBO Max has been a good attachment, a good opportunity for us to
grow those Elite packages and people moving up. So we've been really -- we've been pleased with the way
the wireless business is going.

With your question, Mike, on working capital, we're -- traditionally, we're second half of the year weighted
towards free cash flow and so forth. And I wouldn't expect this year to be any different other than the fact
that everything this year is different because of COVID. We continue to have a really focus on working
capital and free cash flow. I would tell you that in the second quarter, we saw some good activity on
accounts receivables and collections and so forth. I wouldn't suggest that it's better than any prior years.
But it was, I will say, better or as good as I would have expected in a pandemic situation.

With that being said, we're continuing to watch things carefully, continue to focus on working capital
generation ideas, and we're kind of watching every nickel and watching our receivables. All that being
said, we're on good track. We had a 50% dividend payout ratio this quarter. We're on track for full year.
Year-to-date, we're on track already. And we usually have a better second half than we did first half, so
feel really good about the commitments and are really targeting the low end of the 60s for the payout
ratio. We're striving to beat that target.

Last thing I'll tell you that is still with $20 billion of CapEx investment. And I want to make sure we
reiterate that the cash flows that we're getting are coming from the operations of the business, not from
cutting CapEx. We're staying in line with CapEx. And so…

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations

Thank you very much, Mike. We'll turn it over to John for some final remarks.

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Thanks very much, everybody, for being with us today. I appreciate the discussion and the questions.

And what I would say, overall, the quarter represented what I thought was some solid execution in a really
challenging environment. And I don't expect we're going to see much change in the third quarter around
those challenges that are in front of us. But the cash flow numbers were very, very encouraging and,
certainly, what I take a lot of heart in. I thought the team did a great job on the launch of HBO Max, and
I think that puts us in a unique position to have a lot of optionality as we move forward and reshape the
media business.

I expect we're going to be dealing with some of these economic challenges in the COVID environment as
we move forward here. And as you've heard, we're operating accordingly, including pushing a lot harder
on what we need to do on the cost and efficiency side to get our business positioned to do this. We'd
be doing it anyway. But clearly, the uncertainty of the environment moving forward makes that more
important to us.

We were blessed to have a very resilient subscription business, and we'll continue to lean on that and
use those cash flows to invest widely moving forward. As you heard John talk about the fact, we remain
committed to putting our capital against the areas where we think there is an opportunity to grow this
business moving forward and come out of the back side of this pandemic stronger than where we came in.
And we're going to continue to do that and move forward.

So appreciate you being with us today. I hope you all stay safe, and enjoy the rest of your summer.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AT&T INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

