Atmos Energy Corporation NYSE:ATO
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 05, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.74

0.78

Revenue  (mm)

582.73

605.55

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-05-2021 10:03 AM GMT

5.41

3.92

0.42

5.09

5.40

520.36

3314.74

3588.95

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.51

1.53

2.05

0.74

0.53

1.71

2.30

0.78

3.92 %

11.76 %

12.20 %

5.41 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

Daniel M. Meziere
VP of Investor Relations &
Treasurer

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

ANALYSTS

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the ATO Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a
reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Dan Meziere, Vice President of Investor
Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.

Daniel M. Meziere
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. With me this morning are
Kevin Akers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Forsythe, Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer. Our earnings release and conference call slide presentation, which we will reference in
our prepared remarks, are available at atmosenergy.com under the Investor Relations tab.

Today's presentation also includes references to non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the
information contained in the slides accompanying today's presentation for definitional information and
reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the closest GAAP financial measure. As we review these financial
results and discuss future expectations, please keep in mind that some of our discussion might contain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act. Our
forward-looking statements and projections could differ materially from actual results. The factors that
could cause such material differences are outlined on Slide 29 and are more fully described in our SEC
filings.

With that, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Kevin Akers. Kevin?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. Before I turn the call over to Chris, I wanted to comment
on the NTSB preliminary report issued Monday regarding a worksite accident that occurred in Farmersville,
Texas on June 28. I want to begin by thanking the first responders and emergency responders for their
support and assistance. As indicated in the report, parties to the investigation include the Railroad
Commission of Texas, The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, the Collin County and
the City of Farmersville Law Enforcement, Bobcat Contracting, FESCO and Atmos Energy. All parties to the
investigation are working closely with the NTSB to help determine causal factors at this time. As a party
to the investigation, we cannot provide any additional comments on this matter. And we're not going to
comment on any pending litigation.

Finally and most importantly, I want to say that our hearts, our thoughts and our prayers have been and
will continue to be with those that were injured and the families of the deceased.

I will now turn the call over to Chris and rejoin you shortly for some closing comments. Chris?

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everybody. Last night, we reported fiscal 2021 third quarter net
income of $102 million or $0.78 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings of $97 million or $0.79
per diluted share in the prior year quarter. Year-to-date, earnings were $617 million or $4.77 per diluted
share compared with adjusted earnings of $515 million or $4.20 per diluted share in the prior year period.
Adjusted earnings in both prior year periods excluded $21 million or $0.17 noncash income tax benefit
recognized in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 related to the enaction of new tax legislation in Kansas.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Our third quarter and year-to-date performance reflects the continued execution of our strategy and was
in line with our expectations outlined in our last quarterly call. Additionally, our results for the 9 months
ended June 30, continue to reflect the impact of refunding excess deferred tax liabilities to our customers.
As a reminder, last quarter, we received authorization to refund excess deferred tax liabilities to APT's
customers and distribution customers in Tennessee over a 3-year period.

During the third quarter and in July, we received authorization to begin refunding excess deferred tax
liabilities to distribution customers in Louisiana, Virginia and for certain of our customers in our West Texas
division over a 3-year period. The refund of excess deferred taxes is recognized as a reduction in revenue
and a reduction in income tax expense. However, there is a timing difference between the recognition of
the income tax benefit, which is recognized in our annual effective tax rate when the regulatory orders
are approved, and the corresponding reduction in revenue, which is recognized over time as it is billed
to customers. This timing difference resulted in a $0.06 benefit during the 9 months ended June 30. We
anticipate that most of this timing difference will reverse during the fourth quarter.

Taking a closer look at our performance. Consolidated operating income increased about 13% to $814
million during the 9 months ending June 30. Slides 4 and 5 summarize the key performance drivers for
each of our operating segments. Rate increases in both our operating segments totaled $170 million.
Customer growth in our distribution segment contributed an incremental $15 million as we continue to
benefit from strong population growth in virtually all of our service territories. New customer connections
increased 1.68% over the last 12 months, and net customer growth over the same period was 1.82%.

Sales volumes for commercial customers continue to trend in a favorable direction. Third quarter sales
volumes increased 25% over the prior year quarter and were consistent with what we experienced before
the pandemic. Year-over-year, commercial sales volumes were 6% higher.

We experienced an $8.5 million decline in service order revenues in our distribution segment, primarily
due to the temporary suspension of collection activities and waiver of our customer service fees for
disconnections and rate connections. Additionally, our bad debt expense has increased about $22 million
year-over-year. We've been focused on keeping our customers connected to our system by offering more
flexible payment arrangements and helping our customers find financial assistance to help with their bills.

During the third quarter, we resumed collection activities focusing first on the largest past due balances,
which are typically the oldest. Additionally, we continue to remain in close contact with our regulators
about our customer outreach efforts and we believe this bad debt expense will be recovered over time.

Consolidated O&M expense, excluding bad debt, increased $8 million year-over-year and $22 million
quarter-over-quarter as we increased pipeline maintenance activities in each of our segments and in-line
inspection work at APT. Additionally, we experienced a 12.5% quarter-over-quarter increase in line locate
requests as a result of increased economic activity and the effects of our third-party damage prevention
efforts. The O&M spending we experienced during the third quarter was in line with our expectations we
outlined during the second quarter call and is expected to continue into the fourth quarter.

Consolidated capital spending decreased 3% to $1.36 billion, with 87% of our spending directed towards
safety and reliability to modernize our system. The slight year-over-year decrease primarily reflects timing
of spending in our distribution segment. We remain on track to spend $2 billion to $2.2 billion in capital
expenditures this fiscal year to modernize our distribution and transmission network to further enhance
safety and reliability while reducing methane emissions.

From a regulatory perspective, we've completed all the filings that will impact fiscal 2021. We are
now focused on filings that will impact fiscal '22. To date, we've completed $186 million in annualized
regulatory outcomes. As a reminder, many of these regulatory outcomes reflect the lower revenues due
to the refund of excess deferred tax liabilities. However, this amount does not include the corresponding
reduction in income tax expense. And we currently have about $53 million in progress, most of which is
expected to be implemented during the first quarter of fiscal 2022.

Slides 13 through 28 provide additional details. From a financing perspective, the third quarter was
relatively quiet. During the quarter, we executed forward sales arrangements under our ATM program for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

approximately 1 million shares for $100 million. As of June 30, we had approximately $213 million of net
proceeds available under existing forward sales agreements. We have now priced all of our fiscal 2021
equity needs as well as a portion of our fiscal 2022 equity needs.

As we said before, using our ATM equity sales program is our preferred method to meet our planned
equity needs. During the third quarter, we issued a new $5 billion shelf registration statement and a new
$1 billion ATM equity sales program. The new shelf and ATM program positions us well to meet our future
financing needs while maintaining the strength of our balance sheet.

Securitization is also another tool that will help preserve the strength of our balance sheet. On June
16, Governor Abbott signed House Bill 1520, Texas' statewide securitization program, to address the
extraordinary gas costs incurred by natural gas utilities during Winter Storm Uri. Last week, we filed our
application to participate in the program, seeking to recover $2 billion. We are currently awaiting a formal
procedure schedule from the Texas Railroad Commission.

We are also making progress with our securitization application in Kansas, anticipate making a filing before
the end of the fiscal year. As of June 30, our equity capitalization was 60.2%, excluding the $2.2 billion of
storm-related financing issued during the second quarter. And we finished the quarter with approximately
$3.2 billion of liquidity. Details of our financing activities and our financial profile can be found on Slides 7
through 10.

Yesterday, we reaffirmed our fiscal 2021 earnings per share guidance in the range of $4.90 to $5.10 per
diluted share. Based on our third quarter performance and what we are anticipating for the fourth quarter,
we continue to believe earnings per share will be at the upper end in this range. We anticipate the fourth
quarter's activities will mirror what we experienced during the third quarter, with sales volumes consistent
with seasonal norms and O&M spending that will be continuing to focus on system maintenance and
compliance.

Slides 11 through 12 provide additional details around our guidance. Thank you for your time today, and I
will now turn the call over to Kevin for his closing remarks. Kevin?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Chris. I appreciate that financial update for everybody. Over the last year, we have highlighted
the progress we are making in the 5 key areas of our environmental strategy, which is focused on reducing
our carbon footprint and environmental impact in the areas of gas supply, operations, fleet, facilities and
customers. One element of the strategy has been to evaluate opportunities to expand the amount of R&D
we transport across our system to help customers reduce their carbon emissions.

During the third quarter, our largest RNG suppliers announced plans to expand and modernize their
facilities beginning in early calendar 2022. Once completed, their RNG production is expected to grow
by approximately 1 Bcf a year. Additionally, an RNG location here in the Dallas-Fort Worth area recently
indicated they will soon have the ability to add approximately 1 Bcf a year in RNG transport to our
system. So currently, we have almost 7 Bcf of RNG on our system. And once these new projects are fully
online, we anticipate this to increase to approximately 9 Bcf or 3% of our distribution sales volumes. I
am extremely proud of our gas supply and marketing teams for their continued effort and work to grow
opportunities for Atmos Energy customers to utilize RNG.

In support of our environmental strategy, we recently joined the low carbon resource initiative in June.
This initiative currently has over 45 member companies participating and their 5-year initiative to bring
industry stakeholders together to accelerate the development and demonstration of low and zero-carbon
energy technologies through clean energy research and development. We are proud to be a sponsor of the
low-carbon research initiative and has worked to identify cost-effective, reliable and diverse solutions on
the path to a clean energy future.

Alongside our goal of reducing methane emissions by 50% from 2017 to 2035 and our demonstrated
investment in technologies like renewable natural gas and combined heat and power, supporting the
low-carbon research initiative further reinforces our commitment to the environment through a global

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

platform of collaboration and innovation. And as you just heard, the continued successful execution of
our strategy and our strong balance sheet position have us well positioned to continue safely delivering
reliable, affordable, efficient and abundant natural gas to homes, businesses and industries to fuel our
energy needs now and in the future.

We'll take this closing opportunity to thank all 4,700 Atmos Energy employees for their exceptional
dedication and commitment, providing safe and reliable natural gas service to our 1,400 communities
and 3.2 million customers. Their efforts continue to be recognized by our customers with an outstanding
satisfaction rating for our agents as well as our service technicians in excess of 98%. Job well done.
I will now turn the call back over to Dan and open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

My first question, maybe for Chris, just on the financials. Great year-to-date results, upper end of
guidance reiterated, I think that's great. I think when we think about the timing of the EDIT refunds that
will get shoot up in the fourth quarter, even excluding that, it seems like the way that your run rate is, you
could potentially have a result in 2021 that's better than that high end. Just trying to think about as you
prepare for 2022, are there certain things like pulling forward more O&M into 2021 or other items that
you're doing to increase the flexibility as you try to achieve another good year in 2022?

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Insoo, so really 2022, we're still working through that right now. So I'm not really going to comment
on that today, but we'll update everybody on that come November. But again, what we're trying to
accomplish right now for 2021 is to focus on the system maintenance, some of which we were able to
safely defer over the last -- first 6 months of the fiscal year as we waited to see what our customer counts
are going to do in commercial sales volumes and so on and so forth.

So really, the focus right now is to kind of get back to a more normalized O&M run rate as we see now
that the pandemic, at least at this moment, isn't impacting our top line revenues in a material way and
remain focused on that system maintenance, some of the in-line inspection work. Again, we're also seeing
a lot of economic activity, which is driving the line locates. As I mentioned, we had a 12.5% quarter-over-
quarter increase, were up 10% year-over-year. So it's a busy time right now certainly here in the Dallas-
Fort Worth area, and our focus will be to continue to executing on the strategy as we get to the end of the
fiscal year.

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That makes sense. Definitely appreciate all the fluidity here as we continue to move through this
crazy environment. Second question and for Kevin, you mentioned on the growth in the flow-through of
RNG in your system. We were just talking with another company where in Minnesota, a passed legislation
there that could potentially give, it seems like, gas utilities way to increase investments in RNG while
getting some type of regulated rate of return, although I think there's still some negotiations that need
to be had on exactly that process. I think our conversations from the past pointed to in your jurisdictions
you're continuing to have conversations with the various stakeholders on advancing something like that.
Are there any updates to that or any progress that you've made on that front for your states?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

It's pretty much the same story, and so I appreciate the question. We continue to talk to all key
stakeholders about these opportunities. As you've seen here, we talked about the increases that we just
recently observed on our system. We continue to share with them the opportunities we're seeing out
there. And we continue to work with our legislators and regulators in Colorado as they're probably the
closest to most on putting legislation on the books right now.

So I think for us, this fits nicely into our -- as I said earlier on, our overall environmental strategy and
the focus areas that we have. We'll keep an eye on these projects as they come to fruition. We'll certainly
share those with the regulators and legislators and keep them abreast of the opportunities. But for now,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

that's been our focus, and making sure we get those opportunities available to customers across our
system.

Operator

Our next question is with Ryan Levine with Citi.

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I was hoping that you'd be able to speak to if you're seeing any disruption in your suppliers around high-
density polyethylene and how that may impact your business?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Ryan, short answer is no. At this point, our procurement team does an exceptional job of working with
multiple suppliers and vendors as well as our operations units to make sure we stay ahead of projects.
That's part of our risk management profiles to lay these projects out in front early so we know what our
materials needs are going to be. And then our procurement team goes to work and laying those out,
having them stage so we can have access to that material when it's needed. And we also try to keep a
significant amount of supply on hand and ready as well.

So I think at this point, we're in really good shape. I just checked with our procurement. That's a timely
question. I checked with our procurement team last week. And I feel like we are in pretty good shape. I
know there are some issues around the semiconductor and technology side across the world right now,
but we are not seeing any constraints or issues on our supply.

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

If the disruption in the industry were to persist, is there a point in time when it could be more impactful
for your outlook?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

I'm not going to speculate, Ryan, on what could be out there. As I said, we're not seeing or having any
supply issues on any material at this point. So we're -- we continue to be in really good shape. And as far
as an IT perspective, our team there said they have all the equipment that they need at this point, and
we're in good shape going forward.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I would like to
turn the call back over to Dan Meziere for closing remarks.

Daniel M. Meziere
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer
Thank you. We appreciate your interest in Atmos Energy, and thank you again for joining us. A recording
of this call will be available for replay on our website through September 30, 2021. Have a good day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

