Automatic Data Processing, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:ADP
FQ4 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 28, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2021-

-FQ1 2022-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.14

1.20

5.26

1.51

5.96

6.02

1.01

6.57

3675.36

3736.90

1.67

3727.30

14923.80

15005.40

0.55

15892.00

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2021 1:06 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

0.98

1.29

1.78

1.14

1.41

1.52

1.89

1.20

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

43.88 %

17.83 %

6.18 %

5.26 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

ANALYSTS

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Dan Dolev
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Eugene M. Simuni
MoffettNathanson LLC

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Peter Corwin Christiansen
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to ADP's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that this
conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Please go ahead.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Sarah. And welcome, everyone, to ADP's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call.
Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our President and CEO; and Kathleen Winters, our CFO. Earlier
this morning, we released our results for the fourth quarter and full year. Our earnings materials are
available on the SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, where you will
also find the investor presentation that accompanies today's call.

During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to investors
and that exclude the impact of certain items. A description of these items, along with a reconciliation of
non-GAAP measures to their most comparable GAAP measures, can be found in our earnings release.

Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk.
We encourage you to review our filings with the SEC for additional information on factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.

I'd also like to share that we intend to host our Investor Day on November 15. At this time, we're planning
to keep it virtual for most of our attendees. But given positive reopening trends, we do have capacity
here in our Roseland, New Jersey headquarters to host our sell-side analysts live, and we look forward to
seeing our analyst community in person soon.

With that, let me turn it over to Carlos.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Danny, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. We reported very strong fourth quarter
results, including 11% revenue growth and 5% adjusted diluted EPS growth, capping a year in which
revenue and margin outperformed our expectations in every quarter. For the full year, we delivered 3%
revenue growth, the high end of our guidance range. And I'm happy to say we reached $15 billion in
revenue, a big milestone for the company.

As we've discussed all year, we took a consistent approach to investing this year while also prudently
managing expenses. As a result, our adjusted EBIT margin was down only slightly, and we were able
to deliver 2% adjusted diluted EPS growth for the year, ahead of our guidance and well ahead of our
expectations at the start of the year.

I'll first cover some highlights from the quarter. Our new business bookings results were very strong, and
our momentum in the market continues to build. Compared to last year's fourth quarter, we grew our
Employer Services new business bookings by 174%, which was slightly ahead of our expectations. And
for the full year, we delivered 23% growth in ES bookings, towards the higher end of our guidance. We
are very pleased with this outcome from our sales team, which booked $1.5 billion in new business in a
year with a high degree of economic uncertainty. This full year ES bookings performance represented an
average quota carrier productivity level of roughly 90% of our fiscal 2019 pre-pandemic levels when we
delivered $1.6 billion in ES bookings.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

And our sales productivity continued to trend favorably in Q4. At this point, most of our U.S. PEO quota
carriers have conducted some in-person meetings, and we expect that to keep trending positively as our
clients and prospects show increasing preference for doing so. We also reopened additional sales offices in
this quarter, and our current plan is to have most of our major U.S. sales offices back open by the end of
September.

Our retention was likewise an area of very strong performance with better-than-expected fourth quarter
results. Our ES segment experienced a full year increase of 170 basis points to a record 92.2% retention.
Our PEO segment also experienced record retention for the year. And as we've seen all year long, client
satisfaction remained incredibly high. Kathleen will share how we have approached our assumptions for
next year's retention, but in Q4, the trends remained strong.

In addition to impressive retention performance, our PEO continued to benefit from the overall resilience
of our client base. And in the quarter, we had 12% revenue growth, driving us to 7% full year growth,
which was ahead of our expectations and guidance. This was a result of record retention as well as
stronger hiring and payroll trends within our PEO, which we believe reflects the very high quality of our
client base.

And our ES pays-per-control turned positive in the quarter with 8% growth. This was in line with our
expectations, and we continue to see some gradual rehiring amid what seems like a supply-constrained
labor market. For the full year, we ended up rounding to negative 3% pays-per-control growth, right in the
middle of our guidance range and the assumption that we held all year long.

During the quarter, we also continued to advance our market-leading solutions and achieved some new
milestones I'd like to highlight. I'm excited to announce that this quarter, we launched and began rolling
out a new user experience for RUN, representing the most comprehensive refresh we've done since
its launch. RUN is already the leading solution in the market with 750,000 clients that use it to help
with payroll, time, HR, insurance, retirement and other means. It's a powerful HCM product, and we
look forward to maintaining its positive momentum. We're also looking forward to rolling out similar UX
refreshes on our other major platforms in the near future.

This year, we also made a number of enhancements to our workforce management solutions. Workforce
management, which includes time, attendance and scheduling offerings, represents one of the most
critical parts of our HCM suite. This year, we launched timekeeping plus scheduling, an entirely new native
solution for the RUN platform. And for our Workforce Now platform, we rolled out advanced scheduling,
enabling clients to perform more complex workforce management tasks such as skills-based scheduling.
I'm also proud to share that this quarter, we reached 100,000 workforce management clients for the first
time as the pandemic reinforced the need for robust workforce management solutions for our clients while
they navigate the new norm of increasingly flexible schedules and work arrangements.

Our suite of HRO solutions also continued to deliver steady growth for us this year. I already mentioned
the strength in our PEO business, which had its average worksite employee count grow to 616,000, up
12% from last year's count and which now serves 14,500 businesses. And in addition to these employees
covered by our PEO, we have over 2 million client employees on our other HRO solutions within our
Employer Services segment where we've seen robust demand all year long as clients look for ways to
outsource parts of their HR function to a best-in-class provider like ADP.

Also, this quarter, we enhanced our return to Workplace suite by adding a vaccination status tracker,
allowing our clients to easily assess and track vaccinations within their workforces to facilitate planning
decisions. Our clients continue to appreciate the efforts we've made to help them navigate the pandemic.

And our Next Gen agenda continued to progress nicely. Our Next Gen HCM platform continues to deliver
competitive takeaways in the market. During the quarter, we also expanded our global footprint by going
live in Ireland. And in the U.S., we are quickly adding to our implementation capacity for our pipeline of
sold clients.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

For Next Gen Payroll, we've now sold over 1,000 Next Gen Payroll clients on Workforce Now. And Roll by
ADP, which also utilizes our Next Gen Payroll engine, is off to a great start where we are running ahead of
our expectations so far as we drive micro businesses to this mobile-first solution.

And as a final highlight, we ended the year with over 920,000 clients, up 7% from the 860,000 we had a
year ago and no doubt supported by these continuous improvements we've been making to our product
portfolio.

I have to say that fiscal 2021 stood out as one of the most challenging years in ADP's history, and I'm
very proud of how we executed. It's hard to overstate the amount of effort took across the organization
to quickly adopt and manage through the pandemic while providing excellent service to our clients. And
in the end, our organization and financial results both demonstrated the extraordinary resilience that is
expected from us.

As we look ahead to fiscal 2022 and beyond, our focus is on reaccelerating our growth through an intense
focus on market-leading innovation, further simplification of our product portfolio, continued digital
transformation and an unwavering commitment to best-in-class service.

And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Kathleen for more detail on the quarter and outlook.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter represented a strong close to the
year with 11% revenue growth on a reported basis and 9% growth on an organic constant currency basis,
solidly ahead of our expectations. Our adjusted EBIT margin was down 120 basis points, better than
expected. And as a reminder, we did have some comparison pressure versus last year's lower selling and
incentive compensation expenses that drove the comparative decline. Our 5% adjusted diluted EPS growth
was strong and in addition to the revenue and margin performance, benefited from share repurchases.

For our Employer Services segment, revenues increased 10% on a reported basis and 8% on an organic
constant currency basis as we lapped last year's pandemic-affected Q4. We continued to see contributions
from excellent retention, strong new business bookings and growth in pays-per-control, offset by lower
client funds interest. ES margin was down 90 basis points due primarily to higher selling and incentive
compensation expenses versus the prior year.

Our PEO also had another very strong quarter. Average worksite employees increased to 616,000, up
12% on a year-over-year basis on both continued retention outperformance and contribution from solid
employment growth. Our PEO revenue grew 12%, an impressive performance as we once again benefited
from higher payroll per WSE as well as stronger workers' comp and SUI revenue per WSE compared to the
prior year, partially offset by lower growth in 0 margin pass-throughs. PEO margin was up 340 basis points
in the quarter due to an elevated workers' compensation reserve true-up last year.

We are very pleased with our strong finish to the year. For fiscal 2021, a year heavily impacted by a
pandemic, we drove strong bookings growth, solid 3% revenue growth, delivered positive EPS growth and
continued to invest for sustainable growth and digital transformation.

I'll turn now to our outlook for fiscal '22. Beginning with ES segment revenues, we expect growth of 4%
to 6%, and this outlook is a product of several underlying assumptions. We expect our ES new business
bookings growth to be 10% to 15%. This strong growth would be driven by 2 factors: sales headcount
growth, which we typically aim to do; and benefits from continuing recovery in sales productivity as we
trend back to and surpass pre-pandemic levels by the back half of the year.

Please note, beginning this year, we will no longer be reporting our Employer Services new business
bookings growth on a quarterly basis. Instead, we will focus on our full year bookings growth, which
better normalizes for the inherent variability in this metric. This also aligns to how we focus internally
on bookings trends over a full year period. We'll, of course, continue to update the full year bookings
guidance quarterly. And as we do so, we'll continue to provide color on our quarterly ES bookings
performance. We believe our annual bookings disclosure and guidance remains an industry best practice.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Moving on to ES retention. We are not yet seeing any specific indications from our clients that we should
expect an increase in switching behavior. However, we believe it is prudent planning to expect that a
portion of the retention gains we saw over fiscal 2021 will reverse as companies reopen and reengage in
the marketplace.

For the purpose of our outlook, our initial assumption is that we'll experience a decline of about 75
basis points for the year, representing just under half of last year's improvement. If this proves out,
our resulting fiscal '22 retention rate would still be a record compared to pre-pandemic levels. But as I
think we all can appreciate, there is still uncertainty in this environment given the unusual year we just
experienced, and we believe this to be a prudent middle-of-the-road assumption to make. We will update
you in the quarters ahead as we gain further visibility, particularly during the calendar year-end period
where we've historically seen the most switching.

Our pays-per-control outlook for fiscal '22 is for 4% to 5% growth and above normal growth rate that
assumes a continued gradual recovery in the overall labor market. Labor markets appear to be tight at the
moment, but we do expect overall employment to continue trending in a favorable direction from where
we are today.

And then for our client funds interest revenue, most of which sits in the ES segment, we expect some
modest pressure. The interest rate environment remains favorable to what we were experiencing earlier --
in the earlier part of the pandemic. But we are still expecting to reinvest at lower yields than what we are
earning on securities that are maturing this coming year.

We are also providing for the first time an added disclosure for our expected average yield on new
purchases for the remainder of the fiscal year, which we believe to be useful for you in understanding the
direction our average portfolio yield is headed as the portfolio turns over. Currently, that expectation is for
a 1% yield on new purchases.

All this said, we are expecting balanced growth of 8% to 10% and an average yield of 1.4% versus 1.5%
last year. Together, this would net us $405 million to $415 million in client funds interest revenue for fiscal
2022.

For our ES margin, we expect an increase of 50 to 75 basis points, and there are a few factors considered
in this outlook. As a starting point, we are benefiting more fully from operating leverage in fiscal '22
than we did last year while also recognizing higher sales expenses and continuing our steady investment
in product, implementation and service. Additionally, we expect incremental margin benefit from the
continuation of our digital and other transformation initiatives in fiscal '22 as we continue to increase the
utilization of digital tools to improve efficiencies throughout the organization. However, the benefit from
our transformation initiatives is expected to be largely offset by a year-over-year increase in facilities and
other return-to-office expenses as well as higher T&E expenses.

Moving on to the PEO segment. We expect PEO revenues to grow 9% to 11% and PEO revenues excluding
0 margin pass-through to grow 10% to 12%. The primary driver for our PEO revenue growth is our
outlook for average worksite employee growth of 9% to 11%. We expect PEO margin to be down 25 to 75
basis points in fiscal 2022 compared to the very strong margin results in fiscal 2021. This is driven partly
by an assumption for stronger sales growth and associated selling expenses.

Putting it together, our consolidated revenue outlook is for 6% to 7% growth in fiscal '22, and our
adjusted EBIT margin outlook is for expansion of 25 to 50 basis points. At this time, because of some
comparison differences in the prior year, we expect the first quarter to have revenue growth just above
the guidance range with the remaining 3 quarters in the range.

We expect adjusted EBIT margin flat to down slightly in the first half, with most of the margin expansion
coming in the later part of the year. We expect our effective tax rate for fiscal '22 to improve very slightly
to about 22.5% next year, assuming no change in the corporate tax rate. Our outlook also reflects the
impact of additional corporate interest expense.

During our fourth quarter, we enhanced our capital structure by issuing $1 billion in 7-year notes, the
proceeds of which we're planning to use for additional accretive share repurchases over the coming

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

quarters. This added about $3 million in interest expense in fiscal '21 with a full run rate of about
$18 million in fiscal '22. At the same time, we're also contemplating further reduction in our share
count beyond the typical level we would have expected to achieve driven by these incremental share
repurchases. Net of this higher interest expense, lower tax rate and additional share repurchases, we
expect growth in adjusted diluted EPS of 9% to 11%.

As we enter fiscal year '22, despite the continuing challenges around the pandemic, we are very
encouraged by the signs of a continued recovery in the global economy as well as the ongoing secular
growth trends in HCM. As the world of work evolves, we believe we are very well positioned to continue
adding value for our clients and differentiating ourselves in the market. We look forward to updating you
on our progress.
I'll now turn it back over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from the line of Eugene Simuni with
MoffettNathanson.

Eugene M. Simuni
MoffettNathanson LLC

Maybe to start with a little bit of a high-level macro question. So Kathleen, you just highlighted that there
is significant amount of secular growth that's coming out in the HR services industry from the pandemic.
Can you speak a little bit more about where you guys are seeing the indications that the secular growth is
actually helping financial performance of ADP? And how much of that is incorporated in your fiscal year '22
guidance? And where can we see that effect in the numbers?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I think there are probably a couple of highlights. Kathleen probably has a couple of other she can mention.
But like I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks, what we're seeing around workforce management
in terms of time tracking and scheduling and so forth, we also mentioned some of the products we've
developed for return to workplace. So there are a number of things that are probably related to what's
likely to be a more hybrid work environment for white-collar employees at least on a go-forward basis,
which probably requires people to think about their investments in HCM in terms of what they can do to
maximize the recruiting and the retention and engagement of that hybrid workforce. So I think that is
one.

The other one is there's always been a secular uptrend in terms of regulatory-related, and this is on a
global basis, demand for HCM products. In other words, the more complexity there is around being an
employer, the greater the demand for the wide array of services that we provide. That secular trend has
probably gotten a bit of a boost based on, in the U.S., the change in administrations, right, which -- we've
had that secular growth for 7 years that ADP has existed. But there are times where it's stronger in terms
of a tailwind and sometimes where it's weaker. And I would say that we're heading into strong secular
tailwinds here as a result of some of the increased attention on regulatory actions.

And you probably all saw, I think it was yesterday or the day before, that the President signed a number
of executive orders, most of which are aimed at employer-employee-related relationships that increase the
amount of tracking and of reporting and of compliance necessary on the part of employers. So those are a
couple that I would mention.

I think our retention rate also shows, in an indirect way, secular demand improving, right, in the sense
that people have kind of rethought dropping or switching from their HCM vendors. But that one is a little
difficult to be 100% sure about because we do expect some normalization in that retention rate.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. I think that really covers a lot of it. I mean to kind of summarize and categorize what Carlos
said, when you think about the complexity, number one, of being an employer, the ongoing and pretty
significant changes that we see from a regulatory standpoint, so complexity, regulatory change, the
dynamic environment as the way people work and employer-employer relationship -- employer-employee
relationship changes, it's a very dynamic environment. All of that is -- you can just see in the bookings
number that we have.

Our bookings, and I'm sure we'll get into the discussion on this, but the growth is pretty broad-based.
I mean, certainly, we saw some channels stronger than others, but it's pretty broad-based. And I
think that's because of all of the dynamic change and complexity that we see. And in particular, our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

comprehensive solution, our outsourcing solutions have seen quite significant growth. So we're really
encouraged about the macro trends that we see in the space.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

And again, I think that it's -- I've always never known what is defined as secular versus not secular, but
there's huge demand now for talent. What's happening in the labor markets, obviously, that's a huge
tailwind for all of us in the HCM space in terms of recruiting tools and engagement tools to try to hold on
to people, but that could also be something that wanes in 6 months. That was a little harder to tell. But
generally speaking, the war for talent has always been also a secular tailwind to our industry as well.

Eugene M. Simuni
MoffettNathanson LLC

Got it. Got it. Great. And then for a follow-up, related and talking about the bookings growth and looking
at your guidance, the 10% to 15% growth next year, can you just quickly speak to kind of 2 or 3 key
swing factors that you see that will define whether we're going to end up on the lower end or higher end
of that range as we kind of turn the corner and the recovery and go through this period?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Sure. So actually, I could probably give you 3 that would probably account for kind of the way we think
about this. So number one, obviously, is what we just talked about is the secular and cyclical tailwinds or
headwinds. So if the economy continues with the momentum it's got, we're feeling pretty good. Obviously,
if we end up having more challenges because of the pandemic or otherwise, but right now, the amount
of -- even the existing government stimulus, even if there's no additional stimulus, is pretty strong and
also the pent-up demand and all these -- the reopening, that feels like a very good backdrop for us from a
bookings growth standpoint.

And then as long as we have that background or that backdrop that's positive, it really comes down to
really 2 things, is sales force productivity at the sales quota carrier level times number of sales quota
carriers. And I hate to be so simplistic, but at our size, because we have new products and we're rolling
out -- you heard how excited we are about all the new things that we're putting out there, but we sell a
lot of business every year. So for a smaller company, when they end up having like a new product launch,
that can cause all kinds of growth -- and by the way, likewise, if you don't have any new products, but
for us, what I would consider to be a steady eddy. So we really grow through methodically improving and
adding new products, making tuck-in acquisitions, et cetera, a lot of those. But the key formula for us is
we cannot hit our sales plan unless we have the headcount and we are continually improving our sales
force productivity, and that's exactly what our plan is.

And we had some good news over the last 4 quarters where our sales force productivity at the average
quota carrier level steadily improved throughout the year to reach 90% for the full year, but we exited the
fourth quarter in kind of the mid-90s, if you will, in comparison to pre-pandemic level.

So it feels like we're getting back to "trend" from an average sales productivity standpoint. And if we
can get back to that trend and we deliver on our headcount additions, we should be able to hit our new
business bookings number.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Pete Christiansen with Citi.

Peter Corwin Christiansen
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Carlos, you talked about a lot of new logo wins this year, which is pretty impressive. But I was curious
to hear how you think about how this may have changed your -- or ADP's cross-sell, upsell opportunity

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

set. I'd imagine the runway there has expanded quite a bit. And perhaps how are you thinking about the
strategy, that land-and-expand strategy, to really take advantage of this opportunity?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So one of the -- in case somebody asked that we -- one of the questions we sometimes get is -- and
it's related to what you're asking is the mix of how much is new logo sales versus how much is add-on
sales. And it's really been very steady over many years. It was only during the ACA period where we had
a little bit of a tilt more towards incremental add-on sales, but it's for a long time been around 50-50, and
it's still kind of in that neighborhood. So that, I think, bodes well because the more clients we add, the
more opportunities we have to pursue that land-and-expand, I think, approach that you just described.

So I would say that we're bullish on the opportunity to continue to go back to the new logos that we sold,
which, in many cases, we sell with multiple modules, but there's always additional room for new products
as well to go back to that existing client base. So I think that underlying logo growth, I think, is another
kind of supportive factor, if you will, for our new business bookings because we do get about 50% of our
bookings from our existing client base.

Peter Corwin Christiansen
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

That's helpful. And as a follow-up, I was just -- I was hoping you could juxtapose the GlobalView business
versus the rest of the ES. I know they haven't been totally in sync during this recovery. What are
you seeing there of late trend-wise? And as you look towards the outlook, is that part of the business
considered a laggard behind the remainder of the ES? Or is there some variability there that investors
should be aware of?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

It's actually a little bit of the opposite. Maybe we may have confused some people, I think, in prior calls,
but I think GlobalView's probably -- could be at the top of our list in terms of performance this year. Like
large multinational companies have been, I think, looking for ways -- I think this pandemic raised probably
some issues and concerns around control, I think, for the HR leaders that probably raised some issues
around engagement and making sure that you're connected to your global workforce and that you had
global reporting, et cetera. There's a lot of factors that probably went into what was incredibly strong
demand and very positive sales growth. So I would say -- again, we don't disclose individual product lines,
but I would say that GlobalView sales were one of the stronger line items, I think, for us.

And I'll add that to your question about differences between the businesses, I think all of our businesses
really performed well. It's kind of hard. It really comes down to trying to point out which ones were
spectacular versus just good. And I would say that GlobalView and even our international business really
were standouts. And really, it's very impressive because some of the situations in Europe, for example,
were very challenging in terms of dealing with the pandemic, but it didn't really stop people from looking
for solutions and it didn't stop our sales force from finding them even though they had to do that from --
obviously, from a remote workplace. So I guess summary is GlobalView is a shining star for us.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. They saw a good momentum as we closed out the year. In fact, it was a particularly strong close with
a good number of multinational deals on GlobalView coming through at the end of the year. And we're
looking at fiscal '22 for them to be a big contributor again.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

And again, the only -- again, it doesn't make a huge difference in the overall ADP revenue numbers, but
these strong bookings, remember, will really translate into revenue in, call it, 6 to 18 months because

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

these are large -- typically large multinationals that take some time to implement. But that should be a
positive thing for us kind of looking forward, if you will, in that 6- to 18-month horizon.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. I wanted to ask quickly, and I think it's tied into some of the comments you made around your
guidance. But specifically, how are you thinking about like the well-publicized difficulties employers are
having attracting employees and that kind of thing? How is that factoring into your guidance and your
formulation? And are you expecting a resolution of that as we go through the fiscal year? Just trying to get
a little bit of color how you're putting the macro environment into forecast.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, I mean I would probably put that in the bucket of secular tailwinds or cyclical tailwinds depending
on your view of whether it's short term or longer term. But it does seem like if this kind of resolves
itself, there's a couple of scenarios. But if it's transitory in terms of the friction of getting people into
the right jobs, and then 6 months from now, some of this has passed, by the time we get to that point,
unemployment might be down in the kind of a 4% to 5% range, which then creates a whole another wave
of needs for employers in terms of finding talent and kind of fighting for talent. So it feels to us like this is
a multiyear cycle here where employers are going to be really scrambling to find people, and I think that
generally creates conversation opportunities.

So we don't have a magic formula necessary -- necessarily, and we're not a staffing firm, but we do have
tools and we have technology and we have people that can help our clients be more competitive as they
look for solutions, as they look for the right employees in the right place at the right time at the right pay
level. That's our sweet spot.

And so I'd say we're right in the middle of this, what I would call, super cycle of demand for labor that
is probably short term related to kind of friction where people are just not in the right places and people
are probably also -- there's some hesitations still. There's issues with child care and elder care. There's a
number of factors. It is -- we assume like other economists that this will be -- that part will be transitory,
but that the need for people will not be given just the, obviously, low unemployment rate, which we will be
at by the end of, call it, calendar year '22.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's really helpful, Carlos. And then just as it relates to sales productivity, you highlighted that you're
expecting and seeing improvement there. At the same time, you indicated that there, you're being able
to get your salespeople in front of more accounts and potential accounts. How closely tied do you expect
those 2 things to be as we go through the rest of fiscal year?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Again, since we're in uncharted territory, it's a little hard to give a scientific answer because last year, we
were not able to get in front of a lot of our -- or actually most of our process until recently, and yet we
delivered, I would say, very solid and strong bookings results. So I think some of this is really about us
being able to adapt, which is our job, to what the market wants, right, what the clients want and what the
prospects want.

And the fact of the matter is that about half of our -- half of the workforce out there, which probably
translates into half of our clients, they actually kept going to workplaces. They kept making things,
delivering things and going to workplaces. The rest of the -- some of us white-collar employees didn't.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

So that segment of the prospects and clients, they expect us to be available if they want us to meet with
them in person. We're not going to go force anyone to meet in person. We're happy to meet them where
they want to be met, whether it's virtually online or in person. But we want to be ready for whatever the
market wants and whatever the market demands, and that's exactly our plan.

But to answer your question, it's really hard to know which factor is the most important factor. We think
that being able and willing and available to meet in person with prospects is an important element of our
sales success for fiscal '22, but I can't really put a number on it because we were successful in '21 without
doing that.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. I think the key is that we're just going to have to make sure we can continue to be nimble just as we
were in fiscal '21, right? If there are certain regions or points in time where we finally have to scale back
a little bit into face-to-face, I think we're nimble enough to do that. We've proven we could do that. But
we're certainly ready and have been out there doing face-to-face and hope that, that continues.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho.

Dan Dolev
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Great results. So can you discuss how the retention has varied by sort of the 3 -- in ES by the 3
subsegments, SMB, mid-market and upmarket? And what happens to the SMBs once the PPP rolls off?
So how should we think about kind of your guidance for retention versus like those 3 vectors? And then I
have a very short follow-up.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

That's a good question. I think Kathleen may probably have a little bit of additional color, but I would tell
you that this -- I think your insinuation that the PPP loans may have something to do with these elevated
retention rates is something that we've heard kind of out there in terms of as a buzz. And again, that's
very hard to like put our finger on in terms of how to quantify that and what's the impact. But for sure,
one of the strongest areas we've had in retention is our downmarket business. And that is why I think
we've prudently planned for some giveback on that next year.

Having said that, I would tell you that this year, fiscal '21, and the 2 months before that, were probably
the greatest example of ADP's business model in terms of ability to deliver. We call it service, you can call
it compliance, you can call it whatever you want. But when the chips were down and people needed help
and needed to talk to someone about their PPP loan, they weren't calling their banker, they didn't have to
apply for a loan and they didn't have to go through a bank, but you can go do your own channel checks
to see how many banks were actually answering the phone or giving people advice because they were
completely overwhelmed as we were, but we actually figured out a way to handle it. And we were there
for our clients.

And so I think that what we just did over the last year -- and I get it, I'm a pragmatist, so memories
are short, and we have to continue to impress and continue to deliver for our clients. But I think we just
proved to hundreds of thousands of clients and, hopefully, to prospects from a reputation standpoint that if
you want to have someone who's a partner at ADP, if you want software, you can buy software. But if you
want great technology and great software, but you want someone who's going to be able to deliver on the
service side, then you should be with ADP.

And so I think that, that is going to have some -- there's going to be some factor in hopefully allowing
us to hold on to some of this retention on a more permanent basis because I think the -- when the chips
were down, I think people saw the difference between not having someone that you could get help from
and having someone that you can reach out to and get advice and get your problems solved. But the
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

bottom line is we clearly are prudent and aware that some of this normalization could result in some lower
retention rates, particularly in the down market as you are, I think, alluding to.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. I mean that covers a lot of it. In fiscal '21, look, we saw strong retention across almost all of our
channels, our businesses, particularly in small business and mid-market as well though, and even actually
on the international side where the retention is very high. We saw it inch a little bit higher there as well,
too. So pretty much strong across the board.

But look, we want to be prudent from a planning perspective. And while we haven't seen any change yet
in terms of switching or -- along those lines, I do think it's prudent to plan that there's going to be, I'll call
it, a little bit of giveback in fiscal '22. I think we are going to hold on to some of the gains. We're certainly
attempting to do that. We want to do that. But I do think it's prudent to plan for a little bit of giveback,
which we've done, and that would be primarily with regard to small business segment normalizing back to
pre-pandemic levels.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

But to be clear, there's no -- I'm not aware of a particular -- there's nothing that ties a client to us or
anyone else because of the PPP loans. What I've heard the theory that some people have is somehow
some kind of psychological thing that it will just make things more difficult if you switch. And I'm obviously
not a small business owner. So we talk to small business owners, and we're just not hearing that. But it
feels logical that could be a factor. But to be clear, there's no particular trigger that on November 15, we're
going to lose 100,000 clients because their PPP loans have been repaid or expired. That's not the way the
program works.

Dan Dolev
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Understood. And then my quick follow-up, and I think it somewhat ties to this is the margin guidance.
What I'm hearing this morning from investors is it might be -- it may be slightly light of expectations. I
mean, is that somewhat tied to the mix shift next year? Or is there anything else that you could call out on
the margin guidance?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, listen, after 10 years of doing this, I've never heard anyone say that your margin guidance was too
aggressive and too high. So let me just start off with that comment. And part of that is that we're always
trying to balance short-term and long-term investors. I'm not sure which ones you were hearing from.
But our intent here is to continue the machine, right, and the momentum that has led to multiple decades
here of compounded growth and creation of value over a very long period of time, and that requires
delivering short-term results as well as long-term results. And those long-term results, I think, require
some investment, including on the R&D side.

But in particular, this year, really, the biggest factor is selling expense and sales investment, which has
happened to us in the past. So we've had other times in, call it, 2000, 2001 or '02 and then '08, '09, '10,
because I was around for those, where as we reaccelerate and take advantage of demand back to the
secular growth opportunity, the way our business model works is we incur a lot of upfront selling and
implementation expense. Now there are some accounting rules that allow you to defer some of that.
But generally speaking, you get elevated selling expenses and implementation expenses, and it's pretty
significant. So I would say that, that is a significant part of what would have maybe otherwise been higher
margins for '22. But when that business then is on the books, that's a high incremental margin business
that then in '23, '24 and then for the next 12 to 13 years, that's how long we keep our clients on average,
creates an annuity.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

So as you can imagine, we never turn down the incremental opportunity to add business, never, because
of just the way the value creation model works. And we're going to make hay while the sun is shining
here. And with 6%, 7% GDP growth last quarter and what's likely to be incredibly strong GDP in the next
year or 2, we're going to take every possible opportunity. And unfortunately, that requires some selling
expense and some implementation expense in addition to the ongoing investments in technology and
some of the other things that we do.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. So just big picture, the way to think about margin for next year, and we're very happy that we're
able to kind of guide to this 25 to 50 basis points of margin expansion, I mean, look, we always look to do
better than the plan, but that's what we're comfortable with right now. The way to think about it is, look,
we're going to have operating leverage to a greater extent in fiscal '22, obviously. But we've also got the
investments that we want to continue to make, as Carlos just articulated, in product, in sales and in digital
transformation importantly. And we do have some offsets. Carlos mentioned the sales expense. But we
also have things like return to office and ramping up T&E versus what we were -- where we were in fiscal
'21.

So kind of all that goes into the mix. Net-net, we've got this 25 to 50 basis points margin expansion.
We're going to do our best to deliver on that and continue to work our digital transformation, and it's
possible to do even more.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

And one -- just one other factor because if you have any doubts about ADP's ability to drive margin,
just one small thing hasn't come up yet, but we had this like small little problem this year with interest
rates where it created a $110 million headwind in net contribution and almost $125 million in top line and
bottom line in terms of client funds interest revenue. So our revenue growth would have been almost 1
point higher, and our margin for this year in a pandemic would have been up 70 basis points instead of
down 40 basis points had we not had that headwind.

Now we did have a headwind. So it's always hard to say if we didn't have this and we didn't have that. But
that's a pretty easy thing to isolate that has no operational -- nothing to do with operations. We have no
control over, and we have to just ride that cyclical wave, which hopefully that cyclical wave is heading in a
very positive direction for us over the next 2 to 3 years. But I just want to make sure you understood that
because I think that tells you just how much control we have over our expenses and over our business
model and over our long-term value creation objectives.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

And that -- to clarify, interest does continue to be headwind for us in fiscal '22, a very modest headwind
compared to what we experienced in fiscal '21. But it doesn't help us, whereas in years past, it was a
significant help to us.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wanted to follow up on your comments on retention. And you're prudently planning for retention to
increase as the market normalizes. Whether it does or not, we'll see. But can you describe your toolkit on
the sales or technology side that you can use to prevent attrition? I mean I'm sure a lot depends on the
underlying sort of reasons for the attrition. But can you be more proactive on that front and sort of stem
the tide a bit if push comes to shove?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Absolutely. I think -- and again, I -- we probably have a couple of examples we could give of things that
we've done over the last year, but it's usually a methodical multiyear approach to making our products --
like when we talk about innovation, innovation is partly about new business bookings, but it's also about
making our solutions easier to use and more intuitive. And you heard in our comments, and we shouldn't
gloss over it, like the UX experience investments we've made in both RUN but now in some of our other
platforms is a significant factor in today's world of whether or not a client sticks with you or not.

So we get that. That's why however many years ago, we kind of got it and we said we need to become a
technology company in addition to the services company that we are. And so I'd say, number one is you
have to have great products. They have to be easy to use and they have to have no friction. That will help
with retention.

I think the other thing that I think you can point to are really just around availability. So our business
model and our promise is not just technology and software, but it's to help with compliance and it's to
help with advice and it's to provide expertise. And that really means that we have to have well-trained
associates who are there to answer questions, whether it's chat, whether it's by phone, it doesn't matter,
however the client wants to reach us. But the stuff we do is complicated. And being an employer is
complicated, and it requires help. And you can either get the help from us or you can call an attorney
or you can call a consultant, but most people do not just do this stuff on their own. And we happen to
package the 2 things together, great technology with great service. So I'd say if we have great technology
and we have great service, we're going to be able to hold on to hopefully a lot of that improvement we've
had in retention, even if we have a little bit of giveback in the downmarket.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I see. Just not a question of running analytics at the right time. It's really more of a longer-term kind of
blocking and tackling and product innovation approach.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

We run plenty of analytics, too. So we have -- for example, we have a lot of data around -- like we track
individual clients how many times they call. We actually can monitor. We have voice recognition that tells
us certain keywords that people use when they're -- because we record all phone calls, and that really
gives us deep insight into clients that are at risk. And then we have special teams that can follow up with
those clients to make sure that whatever problem they have has been resolved. But that's -- I would call
that trench warfare, which -- but if you want to get into those details, I can go in the trenches with you.
But we have very deep analytical tools that really give us a lot of insight.

For example, in our downmarket, I mean our clients don't call that often because, hopefully, they don't
have problems very often because we do a nice job of preventing problems. But one of our small business
clients has -- we detect has multiple calls in a month. That requires a reach-out to that client or a deeper
investigation and a triage to make sure that we don't lose that client because that's usually a sign that
there's something wrong with that client. And we have other techniques and other approaches and other
tools to identify what we would call hotspots.

We also monitor pricing very carefully. When we do our price changes, which I guess is code for price
increases, we do that very carefully using a lot of analytical tools to make sure that we do that in the
smartest possible way, if you will, to maximize retention.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Okay. And a quick follow-up for me. How would you characterize the demand environment for off-cycle
or on-demand payroll? Is this something that you see getting quite a bit more popular? Or will it sort of
remain kind of a niche service over time?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I mean it's clearly popular because I know a lot of people are talking about it, and so that always leads
to popularity, right? As soon as someone talked about it, it becomes popular. I think that it's -- again,
like a lot of things we've been saying over the last 2 or 3 years, some of these things are inevitable, are
going to happen, and we're preparing for them. So things like real-time payroll, and this one that you're
referring to is kind of one that we just heard over the last couple of days. That's something we've been
thinking about for many, many years, and we have solutions where someone needs to get paid -- like, for
example, in California, if someone is terminated from their job, you have to give them their final paycheck
like immediately. And so that is difficult to do through the normal process. So we have solutions for that,
that we've had for quite some time.

So I think the increasing popularity is probably more related to increasing discussion about it but also
to technological advances that allow more options, right, in terms of instant payments and/or faster
payments. So I would say the answer is yes, that is an important thing. And for certain sectors, like if you
have a high turnover hourly workforce, your ability to provide that solution is crucial, but we have that
ability to provide that solution. But you can't, for example, sell a client in California and not be able to
provide instant pay upon termination. So it's -- you have to have that.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Can you talk about how you're thinking about the cadence of the pays-per-control projection you've
assumed during fiscal '22? And what does the 4% to 5% build imply in the base relative to pre-pandemic
levels?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

We're digging for that. I think the quarterly -- I mean, again, it's probably -- when you look at the comps,
the fourth quarter will have weaker-than-expected growth. But I don't know, Danny, if you have the...

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. Bryan, it's just a mirror image of what we saw effectively last year. And so there's a stronger Q1
performance in PPC that's baked into our assumptions and it gradually tails off. But we don't have an
explicit guidance for you on what this means for reported unemployment rate, the same way that we gave
you that guidance last year at the outset.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

And the average for the year for pays-per-control, refresh my memory, is 4% to 5%.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

4% to 5%.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Yes. So I would anticipate -- if I were you, I would probably assume that for the fourth quarter, it's going
to be back to, I don't know, 2%, 3% or somewhere in the lower range because we're growing over the
8%. And in the first 3 quarters, particularly the first quarter, it will be higher.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Follow-up then on M&A. How are you thinking about areas of potential acquisitions for capabilities?
And then also, can you comment on how the market has been for book of business acquisitions? Curious,
COVID has changed that dynamic during fiscal '21 and into fiscal '22?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

We've had actually pretty good success in terms of client-based acquisitions. You -- again, you're right
that I myself was surprised that there was an opportunity to do that and that we were able to execute on
it. But we had one that I think we mentioned last year in the fourth quarter and kind of spilled a little bit
over into the first quarter, but it was mostly, I think, fourth quarter. We had one the year before that, that
was significant also in the fourth quarter. And this year, we've had a number of, what I would call, smaller
ones, but they add up. And so I would say that the news there is good and is ongoing, and we've created
a nice ability to do these conversions and make it good for us in terms of growth.

And back to the question around cross-sell, we usually have a much broader set of solutions than other
people that we are making these acquisitions from, which creates upside opportunity, right, in terms of
value creation for us.

On the kind of overall M&A comment side, I would say that we've -- where we've been most active is
looking in some of our international locations and markets where I think we have very little market share
and we still have needs, for example, for add-on products, whereas in the U.S., we're not really looking
to add additional platforms for either benefits or payroll and so forth. So it really has to be things that are
adjacent, right, in the HCM space but not duplicative because, as you know, we've been on this kind of
simplification push for many, many years and trying to build things organically and invest in technology
organically. So that doesn't mean that we won't acquire because we have. In a couple of years -- we just
haven't done anything for a couple of years, but we do welcome the opportunity to add additional ancillary
as long as they fit into our technology road map and they're not disruptive or add-on, and we're not doing
it just to get the "revenue pop". But on the international side, we typically don't have those factors at
play as much, and that's a place where we're still excited and we still see a lot of greenfield opportunity to
expand through M&A.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

You talked about the PEO business. Obviously, it performed well in the fourth quarter, and it seems like
trends are coming back. I'm wondering if you've seen any secular changes. I know that word maybe you
don't like. But any secular changes in demand for the product or if you anticipate any changes because of
what we've gone through with COVID?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I mean, again, my experience tells me that -- because I actually ran that business for many years at ADP,
and now I've been watching it for -- I can't believe I'm going to say this, for 25 years. And when you head
into this kind of economic environment, it's usually a positive secular tailwind for -- I guess back to like --
it's not that I don't like that word, but I would say that there have been positive secular trends for the PEO
for 20 to 30 years. And then they can get enhanced, I think, by cyclical factors like a strong economy.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

So people sometimes say that the PEO will do well or outsourcing will do well when there's a recession
because people are looking to save money. And that -- there is some truth to that, but it's not what the
data supports or shows, right? It's usually when you have very strong economic growth and strong GDP
and people are scrambling for talent and they're competing for offering the right benefits. That's when
PEOs and outsourcing tend to, I think, do better.

So I would say that based on experience, which you have to discount because we just went through a
pandemic. So most of our experiences, we should park somewhere outside the door because we may end
up being wrong. But all things being equal, this kind of economic environment is usually very strong for
the PEO.

And as for the last 18 months, what we saw there is it's a long cycle sale and it's a high involvement
decision. So I think we've been clear that we've had good, great results there from a booking standpoint
and probably better than we would have thought was possible but definitely not as strong as ES in kind of
the early stages of the recovery of our bookings.

We expect that to reverse, and that is our plan in '22. In other words, we expect very strong bookings
and strong recovery on the PEO. And we're seeing some signs of that in the fourth quarter because what
happened is in this kind of hunkering down mode, we saw very high retention in our PEO but not as much
-- it was more difficult to sell new clients. But the existing clients, I mean, it was unbelievable value that
we delivered to them because it was beyond just PPP loans. It was how do I downside my workforce or
how do I put people on furlough and what are the rules in this state around benefits. I mean our people
were busy. I mean all of our people, all of ADP were busy this year, while maybe other people were less
busy, but our people were busy. And in the PEO, they were extra busy. So I think that, that bodes well.
And those anecdotal stories and that reputation along with kind of some of these cyclical tailwinds, I think,
bode well for the PEO here in the next year or 2.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

And just as a follow-up on the ES business, have you had to do anything out of the ordinary in terms of
price competition or just providing promotions?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Have we done anything, are you saying? Or is the market?

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Yes. I guess have you had to do anything to -- because of what competition has done. So have you had to
do anything out of the ordinary on the ES business?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

No.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird.

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the strong bookings performance and just unpacking
that in terms of where you -- I heard the 50-50 mix in terms of upsells versus new logos. But as it relates
to new logos, where were you seeing the strongest success? Was that downmarket in terms of the new
business formations? Was that across the board? And who do you think you were winning the most
against?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

By the way, we would always squeeze you in, Mark. There's no question about that. A couple of highlights.
We think -- we mentioned in our prepared comments, but our non-PEO HRO solutions, so these would be
kind of mid-market and upmarket outsourcing solutions that are, what I would call, more comprehensive,
if you will, really, were probably one of the real highlights. And I think that was, again, related probably
to people realizing probably within months after the pandemic that like this stuff is hard to do, especially
if you have to pivot very quickly, right? You have to make sure your systems are still up. Like you can't
have a server in a closet somewhere that you're using to run payroll because you still do this internally.
And then people who go to the office to key in the payrolls like this stuff, there's just a lot of people all
of a sudden woke up and realized from a business continuity standpoint and from a support standpoint, I
need help, and it needs to be more than just a software, right, and basic service. So these HRO solutions
really were an incredible bright spot.

And then I think Kathleen mentioned our upmarket and our ESI bookings results were also very, very
strong. Yes, new business formation helped in the downmarket, and we're very -- like we're pleased with
all of our results on the booking side. It was across the board very strong performance. But I would say
that there were other places that had even stronger where I talked about GlobalView, our tax filing and
compliance business, which does a lot of stand-alone business, where, again, companies realize that
having a bunch of people subscale doing this stuff, you don't even know where they are and if they can
get to the office or if they can do it from home, but it's mission-critical, are looking to outsource or did
outsource a lot of that stuff to us.

And then we did have a couple of what I would call, volume-based businesses like employment verification
and screening and a couple of things that -- RPO also came back a little bit. But it was really across the
board, honestly, like -- so those are a couple of just...

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. Strong across the board, Carlos hit all those right points. In particular, SBS really led the way, our
downmarket really led the way in recovery during the course of the year. And in fact, Danny, you can
correct me if I'm wrong on this, but I believe SBS had their biggest Q4 ever, including the retirement and
insurance solutions.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And I wrote it down somewhere, but I can't find it. I think we had record Q4 bookings in a number
of different categories, but that also probably happens other years, too, where we have so many things,
we're so broad that there's always a few bright spots. But honestly, compared to what we would have
expected at the beginning of this year, to be saying we had record bookings in any business line is really
good news.

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And just with regards to the new logos, in terms of if it wasn't moving to an outsourcing solution that was
previously done in-house, was there any sort of commonality with regards to competitive takeaways and
wins that you ended up seeing as a source?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I mean I'd say that when I look at the -- what we call the balance of trade data, I would say that we --
again, I like to think we're doing a little bit better. We don't provide a lot of color and disclosure around
that because I don't think it's helpful, and I'm not looking to pick a fight with any specific competitor. But
I'd say that we're pleased with our progress, like the combination of stronger retention, which means we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

lose less to some of those competitors that you're talking about, and our strong bookings performance
means we won more against some of those competitors. I think if you probably paint the picture that
there's probably a few competitors where our balance of trade improved, which it did, and admittedly, in
some couple of competitors, it didn't, right? It stayed -- but I don't think there's really any place where we
went backwards that I'm aware. I'm trying to think back. But I think the balance of trade situation, we're
very focused on this. We're trying to become more focused on logos and units and more focused on our
competitors because our competitors are focused on us, and we're sick and tired of it.

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Understood. And then along those lines, you've made a number of product enhancements and you've
highlighted a number of them, including in terms of workforce solutions, workforce planning, time and
attendance and then, obviously, highlighting Next Gen Payroll. Just wondering, which ones do you think
are going to have the greatest incremental contribution? I know it all leads to sales force productivity, but
just which ones should we look for the greatest benefit from?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, that's a tough one because it's like picking your favorite child.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. I mean I have a view. I think what we do from an investment perspective in ongoing kind of refresh
and modernization and UX on all of our strategic platform is critical. And we're doing that all the time, and
that's just critical to our ongoing satisfaction with our products, as we talked about earlier, and our NPS
scores. So that constant refresh from a U.S. UX perspective is really, really important. But Carlos, you may
have other things you want to...

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

No. I think that's well said because I'm excited about all of them. I think that the Next Gen Payroll is --
literally could be the biggest mover in the last multiple decades for ADP for us. But it really -- it's really
Workforce Now and Roll and other things that are in front of it that are "visible", right, because that's
really just an engine. It's a gross to net engine. But the added flexibility that it provides and the process
improvement that it provides in the back office could be a step change, game changer for ADP in terms
of our competitiveness and in terms of our efficiency. But the truth is, and I state client-focused, I think
Kathleen is right, the most important thing the client sees is what they interact with, right? And I think
that is mostly around the UX and our front-end solutions. So I think that's probably the right place to
focus.

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Great. Just Next Gen Payroll, what's the plan for this year in terms of percentage of Workforce Now that
ends up getting converted or that should be on it?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

We're not really -- we're probably dabbling in a few conversions. That's really not our #1 priority yet. We
started kind of in the lower end of our mid-market to begin with, so -- and call it, the 50 to 150 is where
we're really -- we call it core major accounts, kind of in the lower end of major accounts. And we're pretty
happy, as you could tell from our tone and what we've talked about in the last couple of quarters, with our
progress there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

And we have a plan. I don't think it's really great for us to share it because I think competitors listen to
these calls, too. But we have a very methodical plan to eventually get to 100% of our core sales being on
Next Gen Payroll, while at the same time then gradually moving into the other parts of major accounts,
call it, the 150 to 1,000 and then selling 100% of those clients onto Next Gen Payroll.

And then as we're going along, we will start some conversions. But it's not a huge priority because, again,
remember, Workforce Now is the front end on both of these. And this is all intended to be transparent.
This is not one of those migrations that you heard about 5, 7 years ago at ADP where we disrupt
everything. And the clients are going to see very little change other than some enhancements in terms of
self-service capabilities and other things that, obviously, we think are going to be net positives from both
a selling and a client retention standpoint. But generally speaking, their experience will not change in a
significant way.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand the program over to
Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, thanks. I appreciate everybody joining the call today. I think in the prepared comments, we talked
about what a year this has been. I'm sure every company has the same view in terms of the challenges
that they faced. But I'm just incredibly grateful to our associates for what they did, first and foremost, for
our clients. When the chips were down, we really delivered. It started obviously in the fourth quarter of
last year with all the government regulation changes that needed to be put in place and the huge volume
of inquiries we were getting about PPP loans, et cetera, but it really continued into this fiscal year as
well. And it was just an incredibly challenging environment while people have personal challenges, right,
including health challenges in their family.

And so, again, I'm just -- I just look back to we're a mission-driven company and you can see it in the
culture. And I'm grateful for my predecessors and the culture that was built over all these decades that
allowed us to -- it wasn't without incident and it wasn't easy, but we really got through it. I think we
delivered for our clients. We delivered for the economy because we are a mission-critical service in the
economy, and I just couldn't be prouder of our associates, including our back-office associates to support
our frontline associates as well as our sales force who, as we talked about a lot today, continue to plow
through and allow us to continue to grow our business despite where unprecedented headwinds.

So -- but first and foremost, I'm just so glad that despite, obviously, we have some short-term challenges
here with the new Delta variant and so forth, but I mean, clearly, we're heading in the right direction and
we're very optimistic both for ourselves, for our families and for our associates and for our clients, and we
look forward to better times ahead here over the next couple of quarters where inevitably, we'll have some
ups and downs and some challenges here and there, but it's great that everything is on the right track,
at least in the United States. And we're hoping that other parts of the world follow closely behind given
that we have a very significant business in Europe, Asia and Latin America as well. And we appreciate your
interest in ADP and your support, and thank you for tuning in today.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

