AutoZone, Inc. NYSE:AZO
FQ1 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, December 07, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2022-

-FQ2 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

21.08

25.69

Revenue  (mm)

3375.29

3668.90

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Dec-07-2021 1:55 PM GMT

21.87

8.70

16.29

97.18

109.57

3012.20

14763.70

15590.24

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

12.81

20.02

29.88

21.08

14.93

26.48

35.72

25.69

16.55 %

32.27 %

19.54 %

21.87 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian L. Campbell
Vice President of Tax, Treasury &
Investor Relations

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance &
Store Development and Customer
Satisfaction

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Zachary Robert Fadem
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to AutoZone's 2022 Q1 Earnings Release Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions]

Before we begin, the company would like to read some forward looking statements.

Brian L. Campbell
Vice President of Tax, Treasury & Investor Relations

Before we begin, please note that today's call includes forward-looking statements that are subject to the
safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance. Please refer to this morning's press release and the company's
most recent annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
for a discussion of important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and the company
undertakes no obligation to update such statements.

Today's call will also include certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial
measures can be found in our press release.

Operator

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Bill Rhodes, Chairman, President and CEO. Sir,
the floor is yours.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2022 First Quarter Conference Call. With
me today are Jamere Jackson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell,
Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax.

Regarding the first quarter, I hope you had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the
quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are
available on our website, www.autozone.com, under the Investor Relations link. Please click on quarterly
earnings conference calls to see them.

As we begin, we want to continue to stress that our highest priority remains the safety and well-being
of our customers and AutoZoners. Everyone across the organization takes this responsibility very, very
seriously, and I'm very proud of how our team has responded.

Since the start of the pandemic, we've reiterated consistently that we could not deliver the kind of
results we have without the exceptional efforts of our entire team, especially our store and supply chain
AutoZoners. As our sales volumes have remained at historic all-time highs, our AutoZoners continue to go
the extra mile and surprise and delight our customers by providing wow customer service, regardless of
the myriad of challenges that are thrown their way.

As part of saying thank you to our AutoZoners, this past quarter, the company committed $9 million to
the AutoZoner Assistance Fund. The assistance fund is an independent nonprofit whose primary mission
is to provide assistance to AutoZoners who find themselves in a very difficult place. We are very fortunate
to be able to help our AutoZoners in this way. To me, it's yet another example of our organization living
consistent with our values. We can't thank our team of roughly 105,000 AutoZoners enough for all they do
for our customers, each other, our communities and, ultimately, our shareholders.

This morning, we'll review our overall same-store sales, DIY versus DIFM trends, our sales cadence
over the 12 weeks of the quarter, merchandise categories that drove our performance and any regional

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

discrepancies. We'll also share how inflation is affecting our costs and retails and how we think they will
impact our business for the remainder of the fiscal year.

Okay. Onto our sales results. Our domestic same-store sales were an impressive 13.6% this quarter, on
top of last year's very strong 12.3%. Our team once again executed at an extraordinarily high level and
delivered amazing results. Congratulations again to AutoZoners everywhere.

Our growth rate for retail and commercial were both strong, with domestic commercial growth
impressively north of 29%. Commercial set a first quarter record with $900 million in sales. I was
reflecting on that this morning and remembering back to the day that we cracked $1 billion in
commercial sales for a full year. And now we've delivered $900 million in sales in 1 quarter, an incredible
accomplishment.

On a trailing 4-quarter basis, we had over $3.5 billion in annual commercial sales versus $2.8 billion
a year ago, up 27%. We also set a record in average weekly sales per store for any quarter, reaching
over $14,400 versus $11,500 just last year. On a 2-year basis, our sales accelerated from last quarter,
exceeding 40%.

Many people want to understand what is driving our tremendous sales growth in commercial. In short, it
is not one thing. And I want to repeat that. It is not one thing. It's a host, a whole host of key initiatives
we've been working on for several years. Those initiatives include improved satellite store availability;
massive improvements in Hub and Mega-Hub coverage and access; the continuing strength of the Duralast
brand; leveraging technology to make us easier to do business with and amplifying our execution strength
to improve delivery times; enhancing our sales force effectiveness and engaging our store operations team
deeper in the business; and ensuring that we live consistent with our pledge by being priced right for the
value proposition that we deliver. We continue to execute very well in commercial, and we are extremely
proud of our team and their performance.

We're also very proud of our organization's performance in domestic DIY. We ran a 9% comp this quarter,
on top of last year's 12.7%. Wow. While our DIY 2-year stack comp decelerated slightly from our fourth
quarter, it's remarkable to reflect on a more than 20%, 2-year comp in this sector of our business.

From the data we have available to us, we continue to not only retain the enormous 10% share gains
we built during the initial stages of the pandemic but modestly build on those gains. Our performance,
considering the amount of time from the last stimulus and ending -- and the ending of the enhanced
unemployment benefits, has substantially exceeded our expectations and raises our expectations on how
sustainable these sales gains may be long term.

Now let's focus on our sales cadence. Same-store sales increased sequentially from September through
November. However, this acceleration could be deceiving as last year's comp weakened as the quarter
progressed. Given the dynamics of the past 20 months, we, like others who benefited from the pandemic,
believed it is more instructive to look at 2-year stack comps. On this basis, the monthly results were
almost identical and very, very stable. For Q1, our 2-year comp was 25.8%, and the 4-week periods of the
quarter increased by 26.3%, 26.0% and 25.3%, respectively.

Regarding weather, we experienced warmer-than-usual weather in the Northeastern United States, while
the remainder of the country experienced normal trends. Overall, we feel weather did not play a material
role in our sales results for the quarter. As we look forward to the winter months, we are encouraged to
see forecast estimating a slightly colder-than-usual winter. Historically, extreme weather, be that hot or
cold, helps drive parts failure.

Regarding this quarter's traffic versus ticket growth in retail, our traffic was up 1%, while our ticket was up
7.5%. This low single-digit transaction count growth continues to be a meaningful acceleration from pre-
pandemic levels, although it decelerated versus last year, as expected, due to the elimination of stimulus,
the reduce -- the elimination of enhanced unemployment, stay-at-home orders and the closure of some
big box retail automotive service departments last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

In our commercial business, we saw most of the sales growth come from transaction growth from new and
existing customers. It was encouraging for us to see sales trends remain strong, and we continue to be
pleased with the momentum we are seeing in both domestic businesses heading into the winter months.

During the quarter, there were some geographic regions that did better other, as there always are. While
last quarter we saw a roughly 400-basis-point gap in comp performance between the Northeast and
Midwestern markets versus the remainder of the country, we did not see that gap this quarter. In fact, the
Northeast and Midwestern markets slightly outperformed. The market share data suggest that we continue
to gain share in most markets across the country.

Now let's move into more specifics on performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were up 13.6%
versus last year's first quarter. Our net income was $555 million. Our EPS was $25.69 a share, increasing
an impressive 38.1%.

Regarding our merchandise categories in the retail business, our sales floor and hard parts categories
grew at a similar rate this quarter. As Americans get back to driving more, we've seen maintenance and
failure-related categories perform well. We've been especially pleased with our growth rates in select
failure-related businesses like batteries that have successfully lapped very strong performance last year.
We believe our hard parts business will continue to strengthen as our customers drive more.

Let me also address what we are seeing from inflation and pricing. This quarter, we saw our sales
impacted positively by about 4% year-over-year from inflation, while our cost of goods was up about 2%
on a like-for-like basis. We believe both numbers will be higher in the second quarter as cost increases
in many key merchandise categories continue to work their way through the system. We could see
mid-single-digit inflation in retails as rising raw material pricing, labor and transportation costs are all
impacting us and our suppliers. We have no way to say how long this will last, but our industry has been
disciplined about pricing for decades, and we expect that to continue.

While we continue to be encouraged with the current sales environment, it remains difficult to forecast
near to midterm sales. What I will say is that the past 3 quarter sales have all been consistent on a 2-year
stack comp basis, and both our DIY and commercial businesses have been remarkably resilient. While it's
difficult to predict absolute sales levels, we are excited about our growth initiatives, our execution and the
tremendous share gains we have achieved in both sectors and are maintaining and/or continuing to grow
those gains.

Currently, the macro environment, while more uncertain than normal, is certainly favorable for our
industry. And if these near-term trends fade, we believe that we are in an industry that is positioned for
solid growth over the long term. For FY '22, our sales performance will be led by the continued strength
in our commercial business as we continue executing on our differentiating initiatives. As we progress
through the year, we will, as always, be transparent about what we are seeing and provide color on our
markets, and outlooks as trends emerge.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jamere Jackson. Jamere?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. As Bill mentioned, we had a strong second quarter. Our growth
initiatives continue to deliver strong results, and the efforts of our AutoZoners in our stores and
distribution centers have enabled us to take advantage of robust market conditions.

To start this morning, let me take a few minutes to elaborate on the specifics in our P&L for Q1. For the
quarter, total auto parts sales, which includes our domestic Mexico and Brazil stores, were $3.6 billion, up
16.2%.

Let me give a little more color on sales and our growth initiatives. Starting with our commercial business
for the first quarter, our domestic DIFM sales increased 29.4% to $900 million and were up 41% on a 2-
year stack basis. Sales to our DIFM customers represented 25% of our total sales, and our weekly sales

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

per program were $14,400, up 25% as we averaged $75 million in total weekly commercial sales. Once
again, our growth was broad-based as national and local accounts both grew over 25% in the quarter.

Our execution of our commercial acceleration initiatives is delivering exceptional results as we focus on
building a faster-growing business. The disciplined investments we are making are helping us grow share,
and we're making tremendous progress in growing our business in this highly fragmented portion of the
market. We now have a commercial program in approximately 86% of our domestic stores, and we're
focused on building our business with national, regional and local accounts. This quarter, we opened 32
net new programs, finishing with 5,211 total programs. We continue to leverage our DIY infrastructure
and increase our share of wallet with existing customers. As I said on last quarter's call, in fiscal year '22,
commercial growth will lead the way, and our first quarter results reflect this dynamic.

Our growth strategies continue to work as we continue to grow share. We are confident in our strategies
and execution and believe we will continue gaining share. Delivering quality parts, particularly with our
Duralast brand, improved assortments, competitive pricing and providing exceptional service has enabled
us to drive double-digit sales growth for the past 6 quarters. Our core initiatives are accelerating our
growth and position us well in the marketplace. And notably, our Mega-Hub strategy is driving strong
performance and position us for an even brighter future in our commercial and retail businesses.

Let me add a little more color on our progress. As I mentioned last quarter, our Mega-Hub strategy has
given us tremendous momentum, and we're doubling down. We now have 62 Mega-Hub locations, and we
expect to open approximately 16 more over the remainder of the fiscal year.

As a reminder, our Mega-Hubs typically carry roughly 100,000 SKUs and drive tremendous sales lift inside
the store box as well as service and fulfillment sorts for other stores. The expansion of coverage and parts
availability continues to deliver a meaningful sales lift to both our commercial and DIY businesses, and
we're testing greater density of Mega-Hubs to drive even stronger sales results.

By leveraging sophisticated predictive analytics and machine learning, we are expanding our market
reach, driving closer proximity to our customers and improving our product availability and delivery times.
These assets continue to outperform our expectation, and we would expect to open significantly more than
110 locations we have previously targeted.

In commercial, we are building a meaningful competitive advantage, and we continue to have confidence
in our ability to create a faster-growing business.

On the retail side of our business, our domestic retail business was up 9% and up 21.4% on a 2-year
stack. The business has been remarkably resilient as we have gained and maintained over 3 points of
market share since the start of the pandemic.

As Bill mentioned, we saw an increase in traffic versus the prior year as our initiatives are continuing to
drive tremendous sales and share growth, along with a relentless focus on execution by our AutoZoners in
our stores and distribution centers. These initiatives include improving the customer shopping experience,
expanding assortment, leveraging our Hub and Mega-Hub network and maintaining competitive pricing.
These dynamics, along with favorable macro trends in miles driven, a growing car park and a challenging
new and used car sales market for our customers have continued to fuel sales momentum in DIY. And the
execution of our AutoZoners who are taking care of our customers gives us a key competitive advantage.

I'm also very pleased with the competitive position of our DIY business and our outlook going forward.
Our in-stock positions, while still below where we would like for them to be, are continuing to improve
as our supply chain and merchandising teams have made great progress in a challenging supply chain
environment. We've been able to navigate supply and logistics constraints and have products available to
meet our customers' needs. DIY has been a strong contributor to the growth of our company, and while
comps are difficult because of our strong past performance, the fundamentals of our business remain
strong.

Now I'll say a few words regarding our international business. We continue to be pleased with the progress
we're making in Mexico and Brazil. During the quarter, we opened 2 new stores in Mexico to finish with
666 stores and 1 new store in Brazil to finish with 53. On a constant currency basis, we saw accelerated

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

sales growth in both countries. We remain committed to our store opening schedules in both markets and
expect both to be significant contributors to sales and earnings growth in the future.

With approximately 10% of our store base now outside the U.S. and our commitment to continue
expansion in a disciplined way, international growth will be an attractive and meaningful contributor to
AutoZone's future growth.

Now let me spend a few minutes on the P&L and gross margins. For the quarter, our gross margin was
down 65 basis points driven primarily by the accelerated growth in our commercial business where the
shift in mix, coupled with the investments in our initiatives, drove margin pressure but increased our gross
profit dollars by 14.9%. I mentioned on last quarter's call that we expected to have our gross margin
down in a similar range this quarter as we saw in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year where we were
down 82 basis points. However, the team has been focused on driving margin improvements primarily
through pricing actions that offset inflation to drive a better-than-expected outcome.

As Bill mentioned earlier in the call, we're continuing to see cost inflation in certain product categories,
along with rising transportation and distribution center costs. We're continuing to take pricing actions
to offset inflation, and consistent with prior inflationary cycles, the industry pricing remains rational. We
would expect our margins in the second quarter to be down in a similar range as the first quarter.

All of the actions we are taking have resulted in us growing our DIY and DIFM businesses at a significantly
faster rate than the overall market, and we're committed to capturing our fair share while improving our
competitive positioning in a disciplined way. We are laser-focused on taking care of our existing customers,
driving new customers to AutoZone and over time, growing absolute gross profit dollars at a faster than
historic rate.

Moving to operating expenses. Our expenses were up 10.4% versus last year's Q1 as SG&A as a
percentage of sales leveraged 171 basis points. The leverage was driven primarily by our strong sales
results. While our SG&A dollar growth rate has been higher than historical averages, we've been focused
on maintaining high levels of customer service during a period of accelerated growth and taking care of
our AutoZoners during these extraordinary high sales growth times.

We're also investing in IT to underpin our growth initiatives, and these investments will pay dividends in
user experience, speed and productivity. We will continue to be disciplined on SG&A growth as we move
forward and manage expenses in line with sales growth over time.

Moving to the rest of the P&L. EBIT for the quarter was $754 million, up 22.6% versus the prior year's
quarter, driven by strong top line growth. Interest expense for the quarter was $43.3 million, down 6.3%
from Q1 a year ago as our debt outstanding at the end of the quarter was just under $5.3 billion versus
just over $5.5 billion last year. We're planning interest in the $45 million range for the second quarter of
fiscal 2022 versus $46 million in last year's second quarter.

For the quarter, our tax rate was 21.9% versus 22.2% in last year's first quarter. This quarter's rate
benefited 159 basis points from stock options exercised, while last year benefited 134 basis points. For
the second quarter of fiscal 2022, we suggest investors model us at approximately 23.6% before any
assumption on credits due to stock option exercises.

Moving to net income and EPS. Net income for the quarter was $555 million, up 25.5% versus last year's
first quarter. Our diluted share count of 21.6 million was lower by 9.1% from last year's first quarter. The
combination of higher earnings and lower share count drove earnings per share for the quarter to $25.69,
up 38.1% over the prior year's first quarter.

Now let me talk about our cash flow. For the first quarter, we generated approximately $800 million of
operating cash flow. Our operating cash flow results continue to benefit from the strong sales and earnings
previously discussed. You should expect us to be an incredibly strong cash flow generator going forward,
and we remain committed to returning meaningful amounts of cash to our shareholders.

Regarding our balance sheet, we now have nearly $1 billion in cash on the balance sheet, and our liquidity
position remains strong.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

We're also managing our inventory well as our inventory per store was up 0.1% versus Q1 last year. Total
inventory increased 3% over the same period last year driven by new stores.

Net inventory, defined as merchandise inventories less accounts payable, on a per store basis was a
negative $207,000 versus negative $99,000 last year and negative $203,000 last quarter. As a result,
accounts payable as a percent of gross inventory finished the quarter at 129.4% versus last year's Q1 of
114.1%.

Lastly, I'll spend a moment on capital allocation and our share repurchase program. We repurchased
$900 million of AutoZone stock in the quarter. As of the end of the fiscal quarter, we had approximately
20.7 million shares outstanding. At quarter end, we had just over $1 billion remaining under our share
buyback authorization and just under $700 million of excess cash. The powerful free cash we generated
this quarter allowed us to buy back approximately 2.5% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the
quarter. We bought back over 90% of the shares outstanding of our stock since our buyback inception in
1998, while investing in our existing assets and growing our business.

We remain committed to this disciplined capital allocation approach where we expect to maintain our long-
term leverage target in the 2.5x area and generate powerful free cash flows that will enable us to invest in
the business and return meaningful amounts of cash to shareholders.

To wrap up, we had another very strong quarter, highlighted by strong comp sales, which drove a 25.5%
increase in net income and a 38.1% increase in EPS. We are driving long-term shareholder value by
investing in our growth initiatives, driving robust earnings and cash and returning excess cash to our
shareholders. Our strategy is working, and I have tremendous confidence in ability to drive significant and
ongoing value for our shareholders.

Now I'll turn it back to Bill.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Jamere. Fiscal 2022 is off to a stellar start, and we continue to be focused on superior
customer service and flawless execution. That and our culture is what defines us. From July 4, 1979, when
our first store opened in Forrest City, Arkansas, customer service has been paramount to our success.

At the end of the day, it is why customers come back to us, whether they are a seasoned professional or
a new DIYer. They trust us. They trust us to help them with their needs. We continue to be bullish on our
industry and, in particular, on our own opportunities for the new year. We believe the macro backdrop is
in our favor for the foreseeable future. Our customers across the Americas want to get out, get out and
drive, and we'll be there when they need helpful advice.

Our team has worked diligently and collaboratively with our suppliers. And together, they have done a very
good job dealing with the enormous supply chain challenges that exist for all retailers. While we are not
where we'd like to be on our store in-stock levels, we believe we are better than most retailers, and I think
our results support that belief.

For the remainder of fiscal 2022, we are launching some very exciting initiatives. We are focused on
further growing share but, as always, doing so on a very profitable basis. We will be announcing significant
expansions to our supply chain to fuel the growth of our domestic and Mexico businesses. We are also
targeting to open 16 more new domestic Mega-Hubs in the U.S. that will enhance our availability and
support growth in our retail and commercial businesses. We will also be leveraging our Hub and Mega-Hub
strategy further in Mexico.

For the fiscal year, we will open more than 200 new stores throughout the Americas with notable
acceleration in our Brazil business. These capacity expansion investments reflect our bullishness on our
industry and our growth prospects. We are being disciplined yet aggressive.

Before we move to open up the call for questions. I want to take a moment, a moment to give special
thanks to Mark Finestone, our Executive Vice President, Strategy and Innovation, Customer Satisfaction,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

on his upcoming retirement in early calendar 2022. Our company, our customers, our leadership team
and, in particular, our AutoZoners have greatly benefited from Mark's 19 years of remarkable service.
Mark spent the majority of these years with AutoZone leading our merchandising team and has played
a critical role leading our supply chain and marketing teams in recent years. He leaves our organization
much, much better than he found it and leaves us well positioned for accelerated growth. We thank Mark
for his amazing service and leadership with the company, and we wish he and his wife Cindy well in their
well-deserved retirement.

I also want to reiterate how proud I am of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing
our customers and doing so in a very safe manner. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our
AutoZoners and customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. And secondly,
we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for
even greater future success. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash
flows look like 3 to 5 years from now. And we, we very much welcome that challenge. I continue to be
bullish on our industry and, in particular, on AutoZone.
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Bret Jordan at Jefferies.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

On the commercial comp, it really seems like the super hubs are a tailwind. Do you have any color as to
how the comps are for stores that are serviced by a super hub versus those that are not and maybe the
benefit we might get as you roll out more super hubs?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Bret, it's really hard to tease that out. And I spent considerable time in our prepared remarks talking
about -- I think a lot of people think that this success that we're seeing in commercial is either driven
by the Mega-Hubs or driven by pricing. And frankly, that's not what we believe. We talked about it about
4 years ago that we were launching a new strategic plan or developing a new strategic plan for our
commercial business, and it has a whole host of elements. Mega-Hubs is a critical part of it.

But don't forget, we also refreshed the assortments in every single AutoZone store in the United States
and put those assortments commercial leaning forward. But the Mega-Hubs are helping us a tremendous
amount, but so is the Duralast brand, so is our sales force, so is our engagement of our store managers
and district managers. We see the Mega-Hubs in and of themselves perform exceptionally well. They
continue to exceed our expectations. And as we've said, we're going to go to 100 to 110.

I think we've also said that Jamere and I and the senior leadership team believe, once we're finished, we'll
be closer to 200 Mega-Hubs than we will be 100 Mega-Hubs. But that's a vision at this point in time, not a
plan.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then my follow-up, I guess. You talked about share gain and that your in-stocks were better
than most. Do you have any feeling for where you're retaining your share? I guess -- against smaller WDs,
is it against the big box or sort of your major aftermarket peers? Do you have a feeling sort of buckets of
where your share gain came from and where you're holding it best?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think it's a tale of two stories, right? On the DIY side of the business, clearly, there were some
significant share gains that happened in the depths of the pandemic and the stay-at-home orders where
we did pick up a lot of share from mass retailers. We anticipated that we would have a pretty good
headwind starting in last August, but that simply hasn't manifested itself. And I think what's happened is
customers that were coming to us before experienced us during the midst of this crisis and really enjoyed
their experience. Our team did a great job. So I think it's still coming from those more mass-oriented in
the retail side of the business.

On the commercial side of the business, we believe it's likely coming from the smaller players. You
mentioned WDs. And I think, over time, what happened was a lot of people -- when the sales went
down in our industry by about 25% overnight, a lot of people in our industry pulled back considerably.
Some people furloughed people. They laid off people. They took their order -- inventory orders down
significantly. We certainly took some actions. We never furloughed 1 person. We never terminated 1
person because of the pandemic. In fact, we gave them 2 extra weeks of vacation, we called emergency
time off.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

And so when all of a sudden, the business rebounded very quickly, we were in a terrific place. And I think
that gave us trial in the commercial business with a lot of folks that we might not have gotten trial as
quick as we did otherwise. And when we were there for those customers, I think that they appreciated the
whole host of offerings that we had, and we've continued to grow since then. I mean to be up 40% on a
2-year basis is really astounding and to be up 29% in this quarter alone. I just couldn't be more pleased of
what our team has done.

And we believe this is just the beginning. We've talked about the importance of the commercial business
for a long time. And we're still the fourth in market share, and that's not where we want to be, and I'm
excited about what's in front of us.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Simeon Gutman at Morgan Stanley.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I'm not sure if Mark is in the room, but congratulations to him. My first question, Bill, is on the demand
environment. There was a lot of buzz -- positive buzz at Apex this year, probably more than it's ever been.
I'm curious if you share the optimism. Is there anything unique about this moment, whether it's used cars,
why the demand environment could be above average for the foreseeable future?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Thank you for your shot-out to Mark, Simeon. He's been just a tremendous partner to all of us for all
these years. And I think about the AutoZone that Mark inherited versus the AutoZone that he leaves to the
rest of us, and it's a very different place, and he played an enormous role and as did so many others. But
thank you for that.

I share your thoughts, Simeon. At Apex, there was a different vibe than probably we've ever seen before.
I was kind of hoping everybody would be down and out because I knew how our sales were performing.
I hope we were doing very different than everyone else. I think it's just a great reminder of the strength
of this industry. If you think about this industry over a very long period of time, I just celebrated my 27th
anniversary with AutoZone, seeing a lot of different cycles.

One of the things that has happened, the strongest performing periods in our 30 -- last 30 years have
been '93, '94, '01, '02, '09, '10 and '11. That is before the pandemic. The pandemic has blown away those
performance. In each one of those environments, you've seen AutoZone's performance maybe more than
the industry, but the industry also make a step function change up significant growth in the midst of a
recession. What has been remarkable is in each of those times, you've never seen the industry or our
sales take a step back down, not even partially back down towards it. It's as if we reached a new plateau,
and we just stayed there until we built again.

I think my expectation with the pandemic and the amount of sales that we saw, particularly in the retail
business from the depths of the stay-at-home orders and all those things, was we would see somewhat
a reversion to the mean. And here we sit today, it's December, the last stimulus happened March 15.
The enhanced unemployment ended at the end of August, 1st of September, and we would have thought
we would have seen some deceleration, which we have not seen. Our business -- on both sides of the
business, a 9% comp in DIY is remarkable.

And so we'll be interested to see how long it holds at this level. I wish we had a crystal ball and could tell
you, but I know that this organization is focused on how do we optimize our performance in the midst of
whatever sales environment we have, how do we make sure we're taking care of customers, how do we
make sure that we're keeping AutoZoners and customers safe and how do we make the P&L work and
maximize our performance. And I think we've done a really good job of that, and I'm very proud of the
organization so far.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And then my follow-up, I'm not sure if it's for you or Jamere. On the gross margin side, if
commercial comps and DIY comps end up growing at a similar amount, and I realize that, that may not
happen. But if they do, what happens to gross margin? We're trying to isolate, I guess, the mix shift and
maybe the -- how much investment is happening in the business.

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. So if you think about gross margins, first of all, I'll say this, we've been seeing cost inflation in certain
categories and higher transportation costs. However, the industry pricing has been rational, and we're
pricing to recover inflationary impacts as we've done in the past. And as Bill mentioned, from a retail
pricing standpoint, where we raised retails in the sort of mid-single-digit range, the industry has been
disciplined and rational. And quite frankly, inflation has been our friend in terms of retail pricing.

But I will remind you, as you've highlighted here, is that our commercial business will be a mix drag. And
right now, we're significantly outpacing DIY growth on the commercial side of the business. And so that's
been a margin drag. In fact, all of the margin drag in this quarter can be attributed to that acceleration
that we have in our commercial business.

So going forward, it will be a drag on the business and -- but that will be good for us as a business
because we'll see our gross profit dollars grow, which is exactly what we're shooting for. So we like where
we are. We're going to continue to lean into the strategy. You'll see a little bit of a drag from a margin
standpoint from commercial mix. But net-net, it will be good for our business in total.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Michael Lasser at UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Bill, you mentioned, at this point in the cycle, the perception was that the DIY business was going to
be comping negative. As you pointed out, it comped at 9% in the quarter with a little less than half of
it likely coming from price increases. So why has it not slowed otherwise? The perception early in the
pandemic was that the marginal or incremental customer was that more affluent consumer who is working
from home had more time on their hands, is doing some work on their car as a result. Is that still the
incremental customer? Or has it evolved given some of the underlying dynamics, like fewer new car sales,
stimulus or other factors?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Fantastic question, Michael. I wish I could tell you with certainty it was built by x, y and z. Let me
just share some of our thoughts. But our thoughts are evolving, and we don't have clear insights into
the strength of it, which we're tickled to death to have, but we can't explain every element of it. Clearly,
an element right now is increased inflation. So our traffic count is positive, slightly positive in the retail
business.

Normally, because of changes in technology and the improvement of quality of parts, we've typically had
3%, 3.5% deceleration in transaction count. So despite the enormous customer count growth we had last
year, we're still growing customers and growing them much faster than we have, let's say, on average
over the last 10 years. But we also have an inflation benefit that's, call it, 4% or so on top of that. So that
is a significant element.

When we believe -- what we believe was the biggest thing that happened to us in the pandemic was we
had a lot of, what I call, our financially fragile customers, those lower socioeconomic customers, that had 2
things that they don't typically have. They had time because many of them were furloughed, and they had
money because they were living off of stimulus and significant enhanced unemployment. We anticipated,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

as those 2 things ended in March 15 of '21 and early September '21 on enhanced unemployment, that we
would see it slow down.

I think there are some other dynamics that are happening. You mentioned new and used car sales.
One of the things that we believe has happened in the recessions over the years is people change their
perspective on how long they're going to keep their car. And so they focus on how they maintain it
right versus thinking they're going to get a new car in 6 months and don't worry about it. I think this
environment of new car shortages and used car prices being up, I think the last time I saw it something
like 38%, I think people, in particular, are more challenged economically. Customers are thinking, I'm
going to have this car for a long time. I better take care of it.

And I think that also all levels of consumer appear to still be very, very healthy financially versus historical
norms. And as we've seen for years, any period where there's a tax refund or something, we see a big
spike in our business stimulus. We saw big spikes in our business. So I think the fact that they still have
more discretionary income than normal bodes well for our business. It's showing up in our results and
likely stays with us for some period of time. How long? Your guess is as good as mine.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Well, my guess isn't that good. So I'm sure you'll do a bit better, but my follow-up question...

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Mine hasn't been very good either.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

My follow-up question is on -- one of the key debates on your investment case right now is what does the
algorithm look like moving forward. Historically, AutoZone's algorithm has been modest store growth, 2%
to 4% comp, stable margins and healthy share repurchases to deliver double-digit EPS growth. Jamere
made the point that you're building a faster-growing business. So does the algorithm change moving
forward? Especially if commercial sustains its recent increases and puts pressure on your gross margin,
would you be willing to accept a formula over the long run where you have a slightly higher same-store
sales growth, even if that meant about the same gross profit dollar growth that you've had historically
because it comes with gross margin pressure over the longer run? And as part of that, I think Jamere
mentioned that COGS inflation was 2%. Price increases were 4%. So you saw gross margin benefit this
quarter from that spread. Doesn't that reverse in the quarters ahead?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

You has 3 very complex questions. I think the answers are yes, yes and yes. Let me start, and then I'll let
Jamere talk about it as well.

Yes, we've had a long-term algorithm that says, how do we grow store count in the 2% to 3%, how do we
grow EBIT growth in the 3% to 5% in normal times and maybe faster in these recessionary environments,
how do we leverage our consistent and predictable free cash flow to share -- to do share repurchases that
push us in and around double-digit EPS growth for a sustained period of time. You remember, Michael, we
had, I think, 41 consecutive quarters of double-digit EPS growth. So that's still long term, generally, the
model that we believe.

However, we've had the most incredible 6 straight quarters we've ever seen. There could be a deceleration
to get us to whatever the new normal is. I would have thought we would have experienced that by now.
I feel better about our sustainability of holding on to these significant sales growth over a longer period
of time at different levels than I would have thought 6 and 12 months ago. But what -- so we may have a
slowdown at some point, but I don't believe once we get to whatever the new normal is that the algorithm
changes any.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

You ask, would we be willing to grow the commercial business at a faster rate at the expense of gross
and operating margin percentages? And I would say an emphatic yes. We are focused on how we grow
gross profit dollars and operating profit dollars at an accelerated rate while we make sure we get great
returns. And I think any organization that's running roughly a 40% ROIC, we've proven that we know how
to leverage our capital structure.

Jamere, anything that you would say differently? Or do you want to address this last point?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

No. I think a couple of things stand out to me. And Bill answered your question, I think, very clearly. Our
goal has always been to grow our gross profit dollars. We have the luxury of having in this environment a
faster-growing business with higher margin dollars overall. And I would argue this is a more sustainable
way to grow cash and ultimately, shareholder value.

What doesn't change in the -- about the algorithm is the most important part of the algorithm, which
is this is a business that is going to generate a tremendous amount of cash that enables us to grow our
business and return a significant amount of cash to shareholders over time. So as we've gone through
this period and we see an opportunity to accelerate the growth in our commercial business by creating a
faster-growing business overall, it's ultimately meaning that we're a more profitable company on a dollar
basis. And that's going to lead to more cash, and we're going to grow the business and return a significant
chunk of that to shareholders.

So long term, what I've been saying is that while the geography changes a little bit, the algorithm at the
bottom line doesn't change. This is a business that generates a ton of cash and has tremendous firepower
to grow and return cash to shareholders.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Anything to add about the timing between price increases and cost of increases?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. So from the standpoint of price increases and cost increases, we've been very disciplined about
making sure that when we see cost increases coming, we've taken retail pricing. Sometimes we will take
those in anticipation of those cost increases. There's usually a catch-up over time.

But what I will say to you is that this is a pretty dynamic market and that there are always pricing
opportunities and cost increases that are coming our way. Our teams have done a tremendous job of
managing this mix such that we've historically found ways to have margin accretion when we go through
this environment. And the most important part of that is that this is an industry that has been disciplined
and rational, and we expect this to continue. So we don't expect, ultimately, for the cost increases to be a
margin drag over the business. We've done a fantastic job of managing that dynamic in the past, and we'll
continue to do so in the future.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Best of luck to Mark.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Zach Fadem at Wells Fargo.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

Zachary Robert Fadem
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

First, I want to follow up on Michael's last question. If you look at your business over the last 3 to 4 years,
your commercial mix has shifted from roughly 20% of your sales mix to now closer to 25%, while your
EBIT margins have expanded by about 100 basis points during this time. So the question is, as your
business continues to evolve and you start to think about 30% or 35% commercial mix, how does this
impact your EBIT margins? And to what extent should we view the 19%, 20% level as sustainable with or
without the change in mix?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Well, I think a couple of dynamics are associated with that. Number one, the commercial business
naturally will be a margin drag for us just based on the nature of the business. But you've got to
remember, we have a large DIY business that we are continuing to drive efficiencies and margin expansion
in that DIY business over time, such that there isn't a cliff associated with margins over time.

So what you can expect from us is that we'll continue to push to drive margin expansion in our business
overall. Commercial will be a drag, but we'll continue to work on things from a productivity standpoint.
And naturally, you may see some of that impact our EBIT margins. But from a total EBIT dollar standpoint,
we'll be in pretty good shape, and it will be a great story. And again, I always come back to this notion
that from an earnings standpoint and from a cash standpoint, the most important part of this algorithm
is that we're going to have tremendous firepower to grow the business and return a bunch of cash to
shareholders.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Let me jump in on that, too, Zach. I think when you look at what's happened over the last 3 or 4 years to
margins, you need to make sure that we don't lose sight of what happened to our DIY business over the
last 2 years. Our same-store sales in DIY are up 20% on a 2-year basis. We are getting a ton of leverage
because of that outside sales growth. Our hope and my hope is that we maintain all of it or certainly a
significant amount of it that's yet to be seen, but that changed the economics of the operating margin in
the DIY business.

Our focus, whether it's 19% or 20%, is to make sure that we're growing operating profit dollars at a good
return. And sometimes our margin -- our operating margin might go down because, I've said for many
times, if we could double our commercial business at a substantially lower operating margin tomorrow,
we would do it because it doesn't require a lot of capital and it would grow our operating profit dollars
tremendously.

Zachary Robert Fadem
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And on the DIY side, obviously, a lot of noise out there on the state of the lower-
income consumer as we move further and further away from stimulus. And considering the uptick in gas
prices, food, CPI and just overall broad-based inflation included in your business, could you talk about
what you're seeing out there as it doesn't seem to be impacting your business at all? Curious how you
think about the disconnect there.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I'll first start with you have to remember that our business is generally an inelastic business, except,
for some reason, whenever the low-end consumer has excess cash, we see a significant pop in our
business. But I'll go back to what I said earlier. We historically haven't seen it revert back to the norms.

If you look at our business in the quarter, our retail business, our transaction count was meaningfully
better than it normally would be. We're also seeing that we grew share by 10% during the depths of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

the crisis, and we are continuing to modestly grow share on top of that. I would have anticipated we
would give some of that back. We're not. And then you layer in the fact that there is this inflation, and
that's probably accelerating our growth by about 4%. We don't think that there's a lot of elasticity in that
inflation at this point in time.

The bigger question is the one that you're bringing up. If we continue to see significant inflation across the
market, does that put more and more pressure on particularly the low-end consumer? And ultimately, do
we see a deceleration as a result of that? And I think that's a logical thesis, but we've had a lot of logical
thesis during this pandemic that haven't come to fruition.

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. I would just add that, that piece of the thesis, if you will, we're a long way from that being the case.
And if you just look at the things that Bill talked about, 3 things: one, share growth; inflation being our
friend in this favorable macro environment, that's what gives us a lot of confidence here in the near term
about our business; and we're continuing to perform very well in this environment against that backdrop.

Zachary Robert Fadem
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats to Mark.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Thank you very much, Zach.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Chris Horvers at JPMorgan.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So Bill, you talked a lot about consistency of -- on a monthly basis, on a quarterly basis, on a 2-year
stack basis. But also, historically, you've talked a lot about the impact of the business on shifting tax
refund timing in different periods. If you held the stack into this next quarter, obviously, that's a really
impressive number. But you will also run into the stimulus payments from January. So I guess, what are
your thoughts there? Do you think you -- you saw a lift last year on the DIY side of the business. And do
you think that, that would cause that 2-year stack to break?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

It's a great question, Chris, and I'm very happy that Jamere has not allowed us to reverse our long-
term history of not giving guidance. I don't know the answer to it, right? Yes, we'll be going up against a
stimulus payment around the first of the year. Yes, we're going to be something we've talked about a lot
historically is will be going up against a pretty significant weather event towards the end of our quarter
and beginning of the next quarter.

For us, we're going to maximize our performance and optimize our performance in whatever sales
environment we have. We don't have to change -- if we thought we were going to be plus 2% or down 2%
on a historical basis, we don't have to change how we operate. And if we lap that stimulus and we have a
little bit of a headwind for 4 weeks, so be it.

We're running this business for the long term. As I've said in the prepared remarks, the valuation that
needs to be placed on this company depends on how our investors, and particularly our long-term
investors, feel our cash flow is going to be 3 to 5 years from now. And that's the lens that we're looking
at.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

If we go through a tough quarter because our business is up 25% from pre-pandemic, so be it. We need
to make sure that we're making the investments today that allow us to continue to have this amazing cash
flow generation for the long term.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. And then -- makes sense. And then in terms of the investments that you're making this year,
can you give us some expectations in terms of CapEx? And will this create -- will the investment cycle
or investment program for this year create pressure in OpEx, like in terms of what one might say an
appropriate relationship between, say, top line growth versus SG&A dollar growth might -- how that could
be impacted?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. I mean we're able to do this within the framework of our long-term financial model, if you will. We
will have some accelerated CapEx this year to build out the initiatives that Bill talked about. But if you
look at sort of where we are in terms of our cash-generating capability, the amount of free cash flow that
we'll generate this year, it certainly won't impact anything that we're doing from a capital allocation or our
ability to return cash to shareholders.

So this is sort of a multiyear investment cycle, if you will. We talked about the capacity investments that
we're making in the supply chain. And I've talked about things that we need to do from an IT standpoint.
We've talked about the growth that we're going to do on our store base, and we're able to do that within
the framework of our financial model, if you will, without making changes to the P&L.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Brian Nagel at Oppenheimer.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Congrats on another really incredible quarter, nicely done.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Brian.

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Thanks, Brian.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So the first question I have, I think it goes to the comments you were making, Jamere, in the prepared
remarks. But with regard to supply chain, it sounds like what you're saying is AutoZone continues to
manage this -- manage the challenges quite well. The question I have is, as you look at the challenges out
there, are you starting to see some of these bottlenecks, so to say, subsiding? And do you see -- is there
a path towards -- and obviously, it's going to take some time. Is there a path towards the supply chain for
you improving significantly?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

It's a great question, Brian. I think the answer is yes, but it's ever changing. And I want to stop for
just a second and really say thank you to our supply chain team and our merchants. You talk about
collaboration. These folks have been working unbelievably hard now for 20 months trying to figure out
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

how we deal with this enormous surge in volume. So round numbers, our business is up 25% or more
since the pre-pandemic level. Our supply chain, our manufacturers and their supply chains, nobody built
for 25% excess capacity that would last for 20 months. Our teams have done a really, really, really good
job of managing through it.

That said, we have challenges. Our in-stock levels are not where we want them to be. They haven't been
the whole time, and they'll go down a little bit, and they'll come up a little bit. But we're generally 3% or
4% below the in-stock levels that we want on a weekly basis.

To your point, are we seeing things change that give us optimism about the future? And the answer is
yes. But as soon as we do, we see another part of the supply chain that is more challenged. In a lot of
respects, we're playing a little bit of Whack-A-Mole. In the beginning, it was particular categories, sand
paper. Now it's tools and brake rotors. We also -- back in the summertime, we couldn't get capacity to
get enough container loads from Shanghai to the U.S. Now it's, can we get them through the ports in the
U.S.? And our team has been really creative about getting the ships but now also finding different ports
across the country to go to.

So we are seeing it get better, but we are nowhere out of the woods on seeing that next month, we're
going to be back into it. We're about to face Chinese New Year, which is always a difficult time in any
supply chain, so it will be interesting to see how we manage through that. My hope is late spring, early
summer, we get back to some semblance of normality. But every time we thought, okay, this one is
easing, there's been another part of the supply chain that has shown challenges.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

That is very, very helpful, Bill. The second question I have, I guess, kind of more strategic in nature as
well. But we talked about just the sales growth, and the sales growth has been phenomenal. When you
look at the stack comps, they've been extraordinarily resilient here, even as the economy has moved away
from the pandemic, from stimulus -- the benefits of stimulus. So the question I have is, as you think about
the business, to the extent that you start seeing signals that maybe this is even -- the sales growth is
even more sustainable than you initially thought, is there a point at which you would start to invest more
aggressively or -- back into the business? Or are there even places you would want to put more money --
more investment to work in the business, so to say, to reinvest in the sales gain?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

I think we already have, Brian. I talked in my prepared remarks, we're going to make the most significant
investments that we've seen in our supply chain because we've seen this surge in volume. And I don't
want to spook everybody. Our CapEx is going to be up $100 million, $150 million kind of range over last
year. And -- but we'll have an elevated level in our supply chain for a couple of years.

And as we've talked about as a team, think over the long term, we've optimized our supply chain to the
third decimal point. When you've been through a surge in volume like we've experienced over the last 20
months, that was probably a little penny wise and pound foolish. And so we're going to be a little bit more
aggressive with our supply chain investments.

We've clearly made a ton of investments in our commercial business over the last 4 years, from inventory
assortments to Mega-Hubs and Hubs, to investments in the Duralast brand, to investments in price,
investments in technology. The single largest technology investment we've ever made as a company is
what underpins this commercial strategy. And we're beginning to see benefits from it, but we've got a ton
of benefits left in front of us on the commercial side of the business.

So I think we've been making investments at an accelerated rate. And when you have the kind of
profitability characteristics that we have today, we're looking at are there other places that we can invest?

I also want to say one place that we've invested very aggressively that I don't think others have done it
nearly at the same level is we've invested in our people. We've invested in our people in accelerated wage

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

rates. We've invested in our people and our culture through things like emergency time off. The last time
I tallied up what we'd invested from emergency time off, vaccine incentives and those kinds of things,
we were in the $135 million range. And then we announced again today that we added $9 million to our
AutoZoners Assistance Fund. We believe in times like this, if we're going to have values that we state
it's imperative that we live consistent with those values, and I think we've walked that walk very clearly
during the pandemic.

So before we conclude the call, I just want to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our industry is
strong and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted as we understand our customers
have alternatives to shopping with us. We will continue to focus on the basics as we strive to optimize
shareholder value for the remainder of fiscal 2022.

Lastly, we want to wish everyone a happy, healthy and safe holiday season and a very prosperous new
year. Thank you for your time today, and thank you for your interest in AutoZone. Take care.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's event. We thank you for your participation.
Have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 07, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

