AutoZone, Inc. NYSE:AZO
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, March 02, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

12.84

14.93

Revenue  (mm)

2755.09

2910.82

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-02-2021 1:40 PM GMT

16.28

5.65

19.32

77.12

84.88

3057.42

13177.52

13609.50

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

13.16

25.01

17.61

12.84

14.39

30.93

18.61

14.93

9.35 %

23.67 %

5.68 %

16.28 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance &
Store Development and Customer
Satisfaction

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Christian Justin Carlino
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Michael Lantz
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Katy Hallberg
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael David Montani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Seth Ian Sigman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the AutoZone conference call [Operator Instructions] please be advised
today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] This conference call will discuss AutoZone's second
quarter earnings release.

Bill Rhodes, the company's Chairman, President and CEO, will be making a short presentation of the
highlights of the quarter. The conference call will end promptly at 10 a.m. Central Time, 11 a.m. Eastern
Time. before Mr. Rhodes begin, the company has requested that you listen to the following statement
regarding forward-looking statements.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Ma'am, are you going to play the forward-looking statement?

Good morning, everyone, obviously, we have a little curveball, so I will read the forward-looking
statement.

Certain statements contained in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are subject
to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements typically use words such as believe, anticipate, should, intend, plan, will, expect, estimate,
project, position, strategy seek, may, could and similar expressions. These are based on assumptions
and assessments made by the company's management in light of experience and perception of historical
trends current conditions, expected future developments and other factors that the company believes to
be appropriate.

These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, without
limitation, product demand; energy prices; weather; competition; credit market conditions; cash flows;
access to available and feasible financing; future stock repurchases; the impact of recessionary conditions;
consumer debt levels; changes in laws or regulations, risks associated with self-insurance; war and the
prospect of war, including terrorist activity; the impact of public health issues, such as the ongoing global
pandemic of a novel strain of the coronavirus; inflation; the ability to hire, train and retain qualified
employees; construction delays; the compromise in confidentiality, availability or integrity of information,
including cyberattacks; historic growth rate sustainability; downgrade of the company's credit ratings;
damage to the company's reputation; challenges in international markets; failure and interruption of the
company's information technology systems; origin and raw material costs of suppliers; disruption in the
company's supply chain due to public health epidemics or otherwise; impact of tariffs; anticipated impact
of new accounting standards and business interruptions.

Certain of these risks and uncertainties are described in more detail in the Risk Factors section contained
in Item 1A under Part 1 of the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August
29, 2020, and these risk factors should be read carefully. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance, and actual results, developments and business decisions may differ from those
contemplated by such forward-looking statements, and events described above and in the risk factors
could materially and adversely affect our business. However, it should be understood that it is not possible
to identify, predict all such risks and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. Except as required by applicable law, the
company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise.

Okay. Well, good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2021 Second Quarter
Conference Call. With me today are Jamere Jackson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and
Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

Regarding the second quarter, I hope you had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about
the quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides accompanying our comments today, are
available on our website, www.autozone.com under the Investor Relations link. Please click on quarterly
earnings conference calls to see them.

To start off this morning, I'll spend some time talking about our sales results, trends over the 12 weeks,
merchandise categories that drove our performance and any regional discrepancies. As I said in our press
release this morning, we could not deliver the kind of results we have without the heroic efforts of our
store and supply chain AutoZoners. While classified as essential workers, essential seems insufficient to
describe the remarkable contributions to our company, our customers and our results. Our AutoZoners
have really stepped up during the pandemic and have been nothing short of exceptional, and our top
priority remains being committed to providing all of our AutoZoners with a safe work environment to be
sure -- so they can help our customers.

While Jamere will talk more about this when he discusses the investments we've been making, I will say
the additional emergency time-off or ETO we offered is something we just knew was the right thing to do
for our AutoZoners. Thank you, AutoZoners again.

Okay. Let's turn to our sales results. Our overall comp sales were up 15.2% this quarter. Our growth rates
for retail and commercial were both strong this quarter with retail comps being slightly stronger than
commercial. Commercial came on strong at the end of the quarter and comped similarly to retail for the
last 4 weeks.

Let's review our sales cadence. We told you on our last call, we ran an 8.8% comp for the last 4 weeks of
Q1. In the first 4 weeks of this quarter, our sales accelerated to a 10.7% comp. As the holidays arrived,
we saw further acceleration, which was sustained for the balance of the quarter. We ran a 17.5% comp
pretty consistently over the last 8 weeks of the quarter.

This quarter's traffic versus ticket growth was pretty close to split down the middle although ticket was
slightly stronger. It was encouraging us for us to see sales inflect upwards starting in January, with both
ticket and traffic moving higher. Our ticket growth was stronger this quarter due to hard part sales mixing
higher than what we experienced in the first quarter.

Our #1 priority continues to be the health, safety and well-being of our customers and our AutoZoners.
Throughout the pandemic, we continue to follow all the national, state and local mandates and ordinances
and have always kept close tabs on the CDC guidelines. We continue to require masks entering our
facilities, performed questionnaires of our team members and take many other safeguards like enhanced
cleaning protocols, providing masks, hand sanitizers and other PPE to our AutoZoners to ensure safe
shopping and work environments. And just last week, we announced that we would provide every
AutoZoner with a $100 reward once they completed their vaccination for COVID-19. That's every
AutoZoner, including part-timers. This is just the next logical step in our efforts to provide a safe, working
and shopping environment.

I continue to be inspired by our Board and our management team's commitment to doing what is right:
putting safety first. You see, our values and our culture have been in full force and effect over the last year
in this pandemic.

Addressing our supply chain, we've done a solid job with handling the extra demand, and our in-
stock levels have continued to improve. To provide a little more color on industry drivers of our sales
performance this quarter, I remind you that we were anxious to see what would happen as we got further
and further away from the enhanced unemployment benefits that ended last July. In the first week of
January, over $100 billion of stimulus was distributed to Americans. The majority of these funds was for
the onetime checks as part of the $600 billion stimulus package passed in late December. While smaller in
size than the April disbursements, we did see our business pick up nicely, and our sales remained elevated
throughout the remainder of the quarter. While we continue to be encouraged with the current selling
environment, we feel any additional stimulus should lead to a strong sales environment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

During the quarter, there were certainly some geographic regions that did better than others as there
always are. Across both our retail and commercial customer bases, we saw the majority of the country
perform well with the Midwest and Northeastern markets underperforming the others pretty consistently.
Again, these markets, which represent just over 25% of our store base, were solid but not as strong as
the remaining markets. For example, the spread in comp sales between these markets and the others was
approximately 300 basis points for the quarter. We believe the separation was due to lingering effects of
a mild winter last year and colder weather happening later this winter. But winter did come this year. Boy,
did it, and the performance gap closed.

So we are encouraged about the summertime and believe we won't have to discuss why mild winter
affected comp sales during our upcoming fourth quarter. And I could not be more proud to say that based
on the retail sales data we have for our industry, we continue to experience historically unprecedented
share gains. The data shows the industry has been growing in the mid-single-digit range with our sales
closer to 3x the industry's growth rate. While we are thrilled to have these share gains now, our charge
remains to maintain them heading into the spring and summer months.

I'm sure many of you would like to know how we're thinking about sales for both the third and fourth
quarters of fiscal '21. I'll remind you that, typically, in recessionary environments, our business is
remarkably resilient. However, nothing about this global pandemic is typical. Beyond our primary objective
to ensure the safety of our customers and AutoZoners, our focus is on providing our AutoZoners with the
resources they need to provide our customers with an exceptional shopping experience. We are optimistic
about the sales environment heading into the third fiscal quarter, but we will obviously have a much more
difficult comparison in the fourth fiscal quarter as last year's fourth quarter benefited from the April 2020
stimulus package.

For now, it remains difficult for us to predict sales for the remainder of the year. This is especially true for
the fourth quarter of this year when we were up against the fourth quarter of previous year's 21.8% comp
store sales growth. While we continue to expect our sales growth will moderate over time, we believe our
products and services will be in high demand during these more difficult economic times.

Over the long term, if the economy enters a deep and protracted recessionary environment, we continue
to believe our customers will focus more on maintaining their current vehicles. These time periods have
benefited our business in the past, retail, in particular, as it has in the last 3 recessions. Last quarter, we
reminded you the strongest periods we'd experienced of outside sales growth over the last 3 decades have
been the early '90s, '01 and '02, '09, '10 and '11, all coming out of recessionary environments. Therefore,
we remain optimistic on the industry this upcoming year.

Interestingly, after each of those outsized growth periods, they have never been followed by equivalent
declines in the years that follow. We believe consumer behaviors changed during these recessionary
periods, allowing us to showcase our skills and capabilities to new customers, and we retained many of
those customers in the years that followed.

Now let's move into more specifics on our performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were up
15.2% versus last year's second quarter. Our net income was $346 million, and our EPS was $14.93
a share, 20.5% above last year. Sales were higher than we forecasted at the beginning of the quarter
and certainly higher than historic norms. Both our retail and commercial businesses showed strength
in the quarter with DIY same-store sales up approximately 16% and commercial total sales growth of
approximately 15%.

For commercial, we averaged over $53 million in weekly sales, which was over $10,500 in sales per
program per week. While average weekly sales per program decelerated from last quarter, that is normal
as the winter months are lower selling months for us. Moving forward, we remain very encouraged with
what we are doing within our commercial business. The initiatives we have in place are helping our sales.
I'll remind you that this is a highly fragmented $75 billion market, and we believe our product and service
offerings provide us a tremendous opportunity to significantly grow sales and market share over time.

While there were some geographical differences this quarter, there continue to be interesting trends across
our merchandise categories, particularly in the retail business. Our sales force categories continue to be

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

strong with categories like tools, antifreeze, small repair and floor mats showing strength. But our hard
parts business definitely picked up. In fact, our hard parts business comped in line with our sales floor for
the quarter. This is the first quarter since the pandemic began where we saw our hard parts grow in line
with sales floor.

While business improved in many merchandise categories, such as batteries, categories like brakes and
rotors are not comping as high as the overall business. We believe this performance gap with certain
categories will close as miles driven continue to improve. As for this year's winter, it was late arriving,
but it did arrive. Overall, we view the winter as not having a material impact on our upcoming spring and
summer business one way or the other.

We expect that our sales growth from the pandemic-related surge will moderate over time. However, we
will continue to invest in growth initiatives in both our retail and commercial that position us well for the
future. In addition, we continue to believe our products and services will be in high demand during more
difficult economic times, and this resiliency gives us significant confidence about our prospects.

On last quarter's call, we announced we would be expensing additional payroll during the second quarter.
The additional expense was to provide our AutoZoners with more emergency time-off. While this is the
second time in our history we've offered ETO benefits, we believe it is the least we could do to support
our AutoZoners in the field. This extra time-off award has been enthusiastically embraced by our team.
Our AutoZoners have the right to use the benefits to address medical emergencies, take time off to get
the vaccine, take additional paid vacation time-off or wait until the end of the calendar year and get paid
what remains in their incremental vacation bank. In January, we paid out $31 million to AutoZoners who
didn't utilize the ETO we offered them back in March of 2020. I have to tell you it was an honor to provide
these AutoZoners with sizable checks in recognition of their heroic efforts. We feel this is a very important
investment in our AutoZoners and in their safety. I'm exceptionally proud to work with a team of leaders
and a Board of Directors who ensure we live consistent with our stated values.

Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Jamere Jackson. Jamere?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill mentioned, we had another outstanding quarter. Our
growth initiatives are delivering, and the heroic efforts of our AutoZoners in our stores and distribution
centers are driving exceptional results.

To start this morning, let me take a few minutes to elaborate on the specifics in our P&L for Q2. For the
quarter, total auto parts sales, which includes our domestic Mexico and Brazil stores, were $2.9 billion,
up 16%. For the trailing 4 quarters ended, total sales per AutoZone store were just over $2 million. This
compares to just under $1.9 million in Q2 last year.

Now let me give a little color on sales and our growth initiatives. Starting with our commercial business.
For the second quarter, our domestic DIFM sales increased 14.7% to $639 million. Sequentially,
commercial growth was nearly 3 points higher than Q1. In the quarter, sales to our commercial customers
represented 22% of our total sales, and our weekly sales per program were $10,500, up 11.7%. We
averaged $53 million in total weekly commercial sales.

Internally, we have been executing against our commercial acceleration program where we are focused
on building a faster-growing business with disciplined investments in pricing, service, technology and
assortment. We have a tremendous market opportunity as we are significantly underpenetrated in this
highly fragmented portion of the market. We now have our commercial program in 85% of our domestic
stores, and we're focused on building our business with national, regional and local accounts.

This quarter, we opened 45 net new programs, finishing with 5,088 total programs. And our sales
efficiency per store remained at near-record levels as we leveraged our DIY infrastructure and increased
our share of wallet with existing customers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

Let me be clear, our strategy is working. We believe we grew share and we remain focused on repeating
this for the balance of fiscal 2021. Fundamentally, we believe that our share gains are underpinned by the
investments we made in improving the quality of our parts, improvements in our assortment and parts
covered by model year, more competitive pricing and a commitment to providing exceptional service.
These core focus areas have enabled us to drive double-digit sales growth for the past 3 quarters and
position us well in the marketplace. And as we move forward, we are focused on our core initiatives that
we believe will accelerate our growth even further.

First, our Mega-Hub strategy is improving our parts availability. We opened 1 more Mega-Hub this quarter,
bringing our total to 48 locations, and we expect to open between 7 and 10 more Mega-Hubs by the
end of the fiscal year. Given the success of our Mega-Hubs and increasing parts availability and driving
meaningful sales lift, we're now raising our target from 75 to 90 Mega-Hubs at build-out to 100 to 110.
These stores help us expand coverage and say, yes, we have it more frequently.

Second, we are leveraging technology to improve delivery times and service levels. The technology
investments we're making in electronic ordering and tracking will significantly improve our delivery times
and the accuracy of the commitments that we make to our customers. We're making it simpler to do
business with AutoZone, and we're driving efficiency for our sales professionals and drivers.

Third, we are committed to being price competitive. We have a laser focus on the key categories where
investment and pricing lead to accelerated sales growth and higher EBIT dollars. We're using data science
and market intelligence to live up to our pledge to have the best merchandise at the right price. We like
the competitive hand that we have in our commercial business and believe we are in the early innings of a
transformational growth story.

Now Bill gave a lot of color on our DIY business which I won't repeat, but I would like to spend a moment
on our retail acceleration initiatives. We're excited about the gains we're seeing in our DIY share growth.
Like the commercial initiatives I mentioned earlier, we are running an intense playbook in DIY that is
driving solid results for our business. First, the assortment work and Mega-Hub strategy that I mentioned
earlier drive tremendous benefits to our DIY business. Our investments are improving coverage and
availability, leading to a meaningful impact on trial and repeat purchase activity.

Second, we continue to focus on improving the customer shopping experience with the work we have done
on the digital front. Our efforts in Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store, next-day delivery and ship to home have
helped us meet customers when, where and how they want to shop. We are investing in technology to
continue to improve the customer experience and make it easier to shop our broad array of products.

Third and similar to our commercial approach, we have a laser-like focus on being competitively priced
in the marketplace. We're using disciplined and sophisticated data analytics to drive pricing decisions
in certain categories, categories where we typically compete with nontraditional competitors like mass
and online-only sellers in commodities and very slow-moving parts and products. We have tested our
approach in key categories and markets, and this effort is yielding increased top line and gross profit
dollar growth, albeit at slightly lower gross margins. This is a data-rich environment, and our tools and
capabilities give us a meaningful competitive advantage. Again, we're living up to our pledge of having the
best merchandise at the right price, and we believe it is helping us create a faster-growing business.

Fourth, we simply have a relentless focus on execution. As Bill mentioned, our AutoZoners in our storage
and distribution centers have delivered exceptional results in a tough environment. As I said last quarter,
perhaps the best investment we have made in our company is the investment in additional emergency
time-off. In return, we continue to see our supply chain process record volume and our store AutoZoners
handle record store traffic while still delighting our customers. This focus on execution is a meaningful
competitive advantage for us, and we're winning in the marketplace.

Now let me spend just a few minutes on international. First, we continue to be pleased with the progress
we're making in Mexico. During the quarter, we opened 7 new stores to finish with 628 stores, and our
store sales accelerated sequentially. Like last quarter, the exchange rate again played a role in the U.S.
dollar equivalent reported sales. The exchange rate finished the quarter at roughly [ 77% ] higher than
last year's second quarter rate. That's 7% higher than last quarter's second rate. And as a result of the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

devaluation, our total U.S. dollar sales were negatively impacted. While the macro environment has been
challenging, we believe we're seeing signs of a turnaround in the Mexican economy. We remain committed
to our store opening schedules in Mexico for the foreseeable future.

Regarding Brazil, we opened 1 new store to finish with 46 stores this quarter. The Brazilian real continues
to face headwinds and devalued roughly 25% for Q2 over last year. Long term, Brazil will be an important
market for AutoZone, and we will invest in a disciplined way.

Now let me spend a few minutes on the P&L and gross margins. For the quarter, our gross margin was
down approximately 77 basis points. 37 basis points of margin headwind is due to higher supply chain
costs, including a onetime benefit last year that did not repeat this year. The remaining 40 basis points
came from our pricing initiatives, loyalty program and mix shift. As I discussed above, we're focused on
competitive pricing that will drive top line and gross profit dollar gains.

To be clear, though, the industry's pricing remains rational, and overall, we still have pricing power. We
have tested certain categories and taken action when we have the ability to drive both top line and gross
profit dollar gains. This is a dynamic market, and we remain disciplined in our approach. The strategy
is working. We see our work translating into higher sales and profits, as evidenced by the transaction
and share growth that Bill mentioned earlier. As we continue to refine our strategy over the next several
quarters, we're planning for higher sales and gross profit dollars that outpace the drag from gross margin
rate. This is a good outcome for our business as we're driving new customers and retention.

All of the investments we are making suggest that we're growing our DIY and DIFM businesses at
roughly double the rate of the overall market or better, and we're committed to capturing our fair share
and improving our competitive position in a disciplined way. Again, our primary focus will continue to
be growing absolute gross profit dollars at a faster than historic rate in our total auto parts operating
segment.

Regarding operating expenses, our teams, particularly our store operations and commercial teams,
continue to manage our expenses well in this environment. Our expenses are up 12.5% versus last year's
Q2. But included in this quarter's expenses were approximately $40 million related to emergency time-
off and other COVID-related expenses, which represented 4.2% of the overall SG&A growth. We believe
our decision to provide emergency time-off for the heroic efforts undertaken by our AutoZoners during
the pandemic was absolutely the right thing to do. As I said last quarter, this is perhaps one of the most
important investments we have made, maybe ever. We will continue to manage SG&A in line with sales
volumes.

Moving to the rest of the P&L. EBIT for the quarter was $482 million, up 18.1% versus the prior year's
quarter. Our EBIT margin was 16.6%, up 32 basis points versus the prior year's quarter. Interest expense
for the quarter was just over $46 million, up 4% from Q2 a year ago. The higher expenses related to the
$1.25 billion bond issuance and the $750 million 364-day credit facility, both completed in the last fiscal
year's third quarter. We are planning interest in the same $46 million to $47 million range for the third
quarter of fiscal 2021 versus $47.5 million in last year's third quarter.

Debt outstanding at the end of the quarter was just over $5.5 billion versus last year's Q2 ending balance
of just under $5.5 billion. Our adjusted debt-level metric finished the quarter at 2x EBITDAR. While in
any given quarter, we may increase or decrease our leverage metric based on debt and equity market
conditions, we remain committed to both our investment-grade rating and our capital allocation strategy.
And long term, our share repurchases are an important element of that strategy.

Moving to tax, our tax rate was 20.6% versus 17.7% in last year's second quarter. This quarter's rate
benefited 265 basis points from stock options exercise. While last year, it benefited 412 basis points. Stock
option exercises aren't predictable, and as such, they will affect our tax rate and ultimately our net income
and EPS. For the third quarter of fiscal 2021, we suggest investors model us at approximately 23.5%
before any assumption on credits due to stock option exercises. Because we cannot effectively predict this
activity, we remain committed to reporting the stock option impact on the tax rate.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

Moving to net income and EPS. Net income for the quarter was $346 million, up 15.6% versus last year's
second quarter. Our diluted share count of 23.2 million was lower by 4.1% from last year's second quarter.
The combination of these factors drove earnings per share for the quarter to $14.93, up 20.5% over the
prior year second quarter.

Let me talk a few minutes about our cash flow. For the second quarter, we generated $356 million of
operating cash flow. This was up approximately $150 million over last year's Q2. Our operating cash flow
results benefited from the strong sales and earnings previously discussed. We repurchased $900 million of
AutoZone's stock in the quarter versus $315 million last year. At quarter end, we had approximately $718
million remaining under our share buyback authorization, and our leverage metric was 2x.

Regarding our balance sheet, our debt was flat with last quarter, and our cash and cash equivalents
remained significantly higher than historical levels. We now have $1 billion in cash on the balance sheet, of
which approximately $830 million is excess cash. Our liquidity position remains strong.

We're also managing our inventory well as our inventory per-store growth was flat versus Q2 last year.
Inventory per store was $715,000 versus $713,000 last year and $702,000 last quarter. Total inventory
increased 2.8% over the same period last year driven by new stores and improved product assortment.
Net inventory, defined as merchandise inventories less accounts payable on a per-location basis, was
a negative $93,000 versus negative $41,000 last year and negative $99,000 last quarter. As a result,
accounts payable as a percent of gross inventory finished the quarter at 113% versus last year's Q2 of
105.7%.

Lastly, I'll spend a moment on capital allocation and our share repurchase program. As you will recall, we
restarted our buyback program during the first quarter. We said that we intended to utilize our ongoing
free cash flow to buy back stock, and based on our view of the future, began methodically utilizing some
of the excess cash we currently have on our balance sheet. As we said last quarter, if we have concerns
about the near term, we will simply temporarily suspend repurchases again, but we feel comfortable with
our strategy and our execution. As I mentioned, we spent $900 million on stock repurchases, representing
752,000 shares. We remain confident in our near-term plans, and as such, expect to continue reducing the
level of cash and cash equivalents on hand through the remainder of this fiscal year. This will enable us to
grow our business and return meaningful amounts of cash to shareholders as part of our disciplined capital
allocation strategy.

So to wrap up, we had a very strong quarter, highlighted by exceptionally strong comp sales, which drove
a double-digit increase in net income and EPS. We remain confident in our ability to drive long-term
shareholder value by investing in our growth initiatives, driving robust earnings and cash and returning
excess cash to our shareholders. Our growth initiatives are delivering, and this gives me tremendous
confidence in our ability to drive significant and ongoing value for our shareholders.

And now I'll turn it back to Bill.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Jamere, and I have to take a moment and recognize you. Your grasp of the fundamentals
of this business in less than 6 months is extraordinary, and thank you for being here. We're so glad you
joined the team.

These continue to be unique and extraordinary times, and they continue to require us to look at many
things differently while managing our business day to day. I'm extraordinarily proud of our team across
the board for their commitment to servicing our customers, the motoring public, but doing so in a very
safe manner. While we are learning how to operate effectively in these times, we remain wary of the
volatility that can exist, volatility in both the U.S. and our international markets. We are fortunate to have
extraordinary people who are committed to servicing our customers and helping them get to work, go see
their families or simply get back and forth to school. They've worked exceptionally well to deliver on our
commitments thus far, but we must stay focused, and we must continue to deliver. There are no layups.
We must continue to innovate and we must continue to execute.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

Our domestic retail business continues to do tremendously well. We understand trends will slow in the
future. We're going to work. We're going to work as hard as possible to gain as much share as possible
and limit our headwinds, and we continue to see a tremendous ongoing opportunity within our domestic
commercial business. Our business continues to do very well, and we are still in the early innings of
growth. But as always, we have work to do as we head into our spring selling season.

First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and our customers safe while providing
our customers with their automotive needs. Secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during
these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We will ultimately be
measured by what our future cash flows look like 3 to 5 years from now.

Lastly, I continue to be bullish on our industry and, in particular, on AutoZone.
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

Our first question comes from Michael Lasser, UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Bill Rhodes, I want you to elaborate a bit on the pricing investments and other investments that have been
weighing on your gross margin. Do you view this as a temporary condition, that once you get beyond the
next few quarters, your gross margin will stabilize? Or is this going to be the beginning of a longer-term
trend of your gross margin continuing to be down for the foreseeable future?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, thank you for the question, Michael. Yes. As you've seen over time, we've been very artful in how
we've been able to manage gross margin for not just years but decades. We found some particular specific
opportunities where we found places to invest and improve our value proposition to our customers.
They're very specific pieces, both in the retail business and the commercial business.

I don't know exactly what's going to happen a year from now. Our team is going to continue to innovate.
We are constantly raising prices, and we are constantly lowering prices, trying to find that sweet spot
where our customers value -- the value that they're getting the best. So I don't know exactly what it's
going to be over the long term.

But if you recap what Jamere said, the gross margin, we had about 40 basis points, which was a onetime
negative from last year. So all the things that were embedded in there, of which price was one of them,
accumulated to 40 basis points. Frankly, I'm not that smart to know what the gross margin is going to be
within 40 basis points 2 or 3 years from now.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. And you articulated a lot of confidence that your commercial growth can accelerate this year. How --
what's driving you to make that statement? Are you seeing some customer wins that already give you the
visibility that it can accelerate?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. We talked, I guess, probably 3 years ago that we were embarking on a new commercial study, and
we developed a new strategy that we began rolling out probably 18 months or so ago. And we're still
in the early innings of rolling out that strategy. It has many different elements. I mean this Hub and
Mega-Hub portion of the strategy, which is taking years, but it is making a meaningful difference, a very
meaningful difference in our ability to say yes to our customers. And it's leaning towards commercial,
although it's helping DIY tremendously as well. That's an element of it.

We've rolled out new technology in our commercial business, handheld technology, which allows us to
be able to better understand what our delivery times are and manage our delivery times better. We're
significantly already reduced our delivery times in the last 6 months, and we think we have more room to
go. We've also enhanced our website and our ability to communicate and be easy to do business with, with
our commercial customers. So I don't think it's -- and then, of course, the ongoing evolution and building
of the Duralast brand.

So it's not one individual issue. It's an amalgamation of all these different issues coming together and
improving our competitive position. Not to mention, during the global pandemic and the stay-at-home
and safe-at-home orders, we were there for our customers every day. And that allowed us to introduce
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

ourselves at a different level to some customers, and I think that has resulted in stickier long-term
relationships.

Operator

Our next question comes from Simeon Gutman, Morgan Stanley.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I think you touched on this in the prepared remarks. Can we talk about price elasticity and some of
the investments you're making? I think in the past, there hasn't been a lot of elasticity in price in this
category. And can you talk about the immediacy of some of the reaction you're seeing from consumers?
Or is this, "Hey, we're doing well. We're investing for the future. So the customer, when they come back a
year from now or a few quarters from now, we're in a better position."

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. I would say a couple of things. First, as I said in our script, and it's pretty clear from the data that we
have, the strategy is working. What we're seeing is the benefits of top line growth. We're seeing our share
numbers go up. We're seeing strong traffic. We're seeing ticket. We're seeing unit growth. So all of the
metrics point to the fact that the strategy is working.

What we're not seeing is we're not seeing a ton of cost pressures that are material, and the industry
pricing remains rational. So what we're doing as part of this strategy is very surgical. In other words,
we're not peanut-butter-spreading price declines across the business, but we're being very surgical,
using very sophisticated data and analytics. And those are the things that give us a lot of confidence
that what we're doing makes a lot of sense for the consumer and makes a lot of sense for us. So as we
move forward, we're going to continue to lean into this strategy. And our approach is delivered in the
marketplace.

Listen, I -- as I spent time over the last 6 months or so, I like the competitive hand that we have. If
we can continue to delight our customers the way we have over the past year or so and we live up
to this pledge of having the best merchandise at the right price, this will continue to be a win for our
shareholders, and we're going to see the results in the bottom line of our business.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And then my follow-up is just on pricing for 2021 or calendar '21. Are you -- what are you seeing in
terms of pricing? Can inflation be a bigger driver than it was in prior years?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Well, I mean, our approach on inflation, quite frankly, is to be disciplined. Where we see commodity price
inflation, we have to be disciplined enough to take price to recover that. And that's something that we've
done over time in the business. What we're seeing today is we don't see any material increases that have
us concerned. But if we do, we will be disciplined to make sure that we're taking price to recover those
bumps that we see from commodity pricing.

So even in an environment where we're trying to be as surgical as we can about the pricing moves that we
make, and as Bill said, we're taking price up and price down where it makes sense for us to take pricing,
we do have pricing power, and we're disciplined enough to take price where we see commodity inflation.

Operator

Our next question comes from Christopher Horvers, JPMorgan.

Christian Justin Carlino

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It's Christian Carlino on for Chris. Just -- it might have been touched on in an earlier question. Just
wondering on the gross margin outlook, is it going to be 1Q '22 when you start to lap these higher loyalty
redemptions and markdowns, where you start to get flat to up gross margins? And similarly, were there --
the onetime impact this year, that was from lapping the supply chain leverage last year, correct?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

That's right. So as we said, we had about 77 basis points of deleverage this quarter. About 40% of that
was related to supply chain costs, and the other -- roughly, 40 basis points is the supply chain costs, and
the remainder is the initiatives that we talked about.

And what I'll say about our outlook in the future is that we're going to continue to lean into the strategy
that we have today because in this environment, what we're seeing is it's working. We're getting top line.
We're getting EBIT dollar growth, and we're going to lean into that as we move forward. So we won't be
date-certain necessarily about when you'll see an inflection point because we're in the early innings of this
strategy, and it's delivering for us.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Let me add to that for just a second, too. You mentioned loyalty, and we don't know what's going to
happen to loyalty costs as we go forward. The reason our loyalty costs are up is because our customers
are doing more repeat business with us. The biggest part of our growth is coming from existing customers
returning to our stores more frequently. We are tickled to death with that. I hope it continues next year
and is another pressure point because it means we're gaining additional share, and it's a very profitable
share gain for us.

Christian Justin Carlino
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful. And then when you think about the lagged impact of the weather, both the
better winter weather on whole and the recent events in Texas, these events in Texas hurt in the near
term, but you would expect a net positive as we get to the summer.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Absolutely. And yes, you're right. There's a temporary -- while people are locked down, our business
suffers and suffers significantly. But when things warm up, our business rebounds immediately and for
a sustained period of time. More importantly, those conditions put significant incremental wear and tear
on certain undercar parts. And there's a lag effect that will typically last 9 months or so for us, and it's
something we were talking about before the pandemic, the fact that our business was expected to be
soft last spring and summer because we had a mild winter. Well, when the pandemic hit, that changed
everything. But this year, we shouldn't have to be talking about a mild winter dampening our results in the
spring and summer.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bret Jordan, Jefferies.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Talking a little bit about the share gains, could you maybe bucket for us where you're seeing maybe more
or less? Are you seeing more of these share gains from warehouse distributors in the 3-step model? Or are
you seeing an improving cadence and share gain from 2-step peers? Maybe if you could talk about sort of
where you see the shifts and some of the nontraditional channels on the DIY side as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, terrific question. Yes. You have to bifurcate it between what's going on in the retail sector versus
what's going on in the commercial sector, both of which we're gaining share 2 or 3x -- we're growing 2 or
3x faster than the industry growth rates by all indications we have. We have really good data on the retail
share gains. We don't have as good a data, but we can look at headline growth numbers in the commercial
gains.

On retail, we are picking up a lot of share from what's traditionally, we believe, in the mass channel. I
think a lot of people are not frequenting those large stores at the same rate that they did in the past. And
what we're focused on is making sure, as we're getting those incremental visits, that we are going above
and beyond, so we get those visits in the future.

I think also, as this brick-and-mortar omnichannel strategy comes to place, I think we're also not losing
share that we might have been losing before to the online channel, and in fact, maybe gaining some of
that share back over time.

In the commercial sector, I think it's hard to say where the share is coming from. We are less than 4%
market share in the commercial industry today. I think it's likely coming from probably multiple different
places. We certainly have intensified our understanding of what the wholesale distributor market is doing,
and we're paying more attention to them and our competitive analysis and building our strategy. And
we think that over time, we've significantly changed our competitive position, particularly against the
WDs. You think about what we've done with assortment, what we've done building a sales force. Now
we've got this technology that we have in place, which is going to improve our deliveries, I think that our
competitive positioning in the marketplace is vastly different than what it was 4, 5 years ago.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay, great. And then a question on supply chain. You mentioned that batteries were strong in your
category remarks. Do you see any categories or particular areas that there is a shortage, either in stocks
in the market in general? And I guess, obviously, we hear a lot about some of the import issues and
freight costs. But is your -- I guess are you seeing any shifts in your supplier base to sort of diversify
around that?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Certainly, Bret. We've experienced significant supply chain disruptions over the last 11 months.
Certainly a lot less today than we had, call it, June, July, August. I think I mentioned on one of these calls,
we couldn't get sandpaper for a while. We had trouble with fuses. We had trouble with tools. I mean we
just had such enormous surges in certain parts of our business that we couldn't keep up, and many of
those came with an extended supply chain that ran into China or Asia.

We've worked through most of those. I have to give our team and our battery suppliers some kudos that
the battery business has been as strong as it's been for as long as it's been. And then we had this huge,
cold surge or cold snap, and we did just fine. Our team was very creative and worked with lots of different
suppliers to make sure we were in good shape. So we don't have any acute needs right now. Some issues
on the edges. Our in-stock position has significantly improved, but it's not back to our normal levels yet,
probably going to take a few more months.

Operator

Our next question comes from Seth Sigman, Credit Suisse.

Seth Ian Sigman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

I wanted to follow up on the DIY business. Earlier in the year, I think there was a concern that the DIY
strength at the time, this is back in the spring of last year, the strength at the time meant that maybe
sales were being pulled forward. As you see the DIY business pick up here again, I guess that would
suggest that, that wasn't really true. So I guess how do you think about pull-forward and just the strength
that you're seeing in the DIY business right now and I guess just the sustainability of it?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

That's a terrific question, Seth. I'm not sure how to answer it all. Clearly, I think we talked that we were
worried. If anything, we might have pulled forward some battery business because those cars parked
last spring, and they sat for 5 or 6 weeks. As soon as the safer-at-home orders went away, our battery
business boomed. But that battery business has sustained really high levels ever since. We've seen no dip
in our battery business. We've seen weeks where we're going up against tough winter weather where it
might be softer. But overall, it has exceeded our expectations over the last 11 months.

As far as sustainability of these sales surges, the thing that keeps resonating with me is if you think about
our business over really long periods of time, when our customers have incremental time, and specifically,
incremental money, our business outperforms normal periods of time. And it's been that way for the last
decade when we get tax refunds. How much have we talked in this environment about the surge we see
during tax refund season, which is just beginning right now? We've seen it every single year. And when
tax refunds moved back 3 weeks, we had to spend a lot of time talking about it because it moved out of 1
quarter into another quarter.

It's just evidence that when our customer, who I often term is financially fragile, when they get some
incremental dollars, we seem to get a disproportionate share of those funds. And we saw it again in
January when the stimulus came out. It wasn't nearly the stimulus that we saw last April. But within a
day, we saw that those funds showing up in significantly improved business for us. And that sustained
itself through the end of the quarter.

Now we're talking about another stimulus, which could -- frankly can dwarf what happened last April. If
that comes, what does that mean to our business? All the indications we have is it would be very strong
for our business because each time we've seen those incremental dollars, our business has performed
better than normal.

Seth Ian Sigman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And Bill, I guess you mentioned the gap between retail and commercial narrowing the last 4 weeks
of the period. Did that actually mean that commercial accelerated through the period and exited at a
stronger rate? And if so, can you just elaborate on that as well? I mean do you think that's stimulus or
something else?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I don't think the stimulus plays nearly as much in the commercial business as it does the DIY
business. And I think most of the end consumers in the commercial business are higher socioeconomic --
higher up on the socioeconomic ladder. So that incremental money doesn't mean as much to them. Both
businesses were doing really well. Commercial is continuing to rebound.

But there are still elements of the commercial business that aren't as strong as they were pre-pandemic,
particularly some of our national account players, the up-and-down-the-street business has been stronger
than the national account business. And again, I think that, that has to do with the end consumer that is
servicing or picking the UDS business versus picking the national account business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Zach Fadem, Wells Fargo.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

David Michael Lantz
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

This is David Lantz on for Zach. So within the 15% growth in commercial, how much would you attribute
to new Mega-Hubs? And can you talk about how performance in commercial business tends to evolve once
you open a Mega-Hub in a certain market?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. So the key with Mega-Hubs is that it increases the number of SKUs that we have available, and it
enables us to say, yes, more. And so to the extent that we have that coverage and those parts available,
that bodes well for us as we're going into our existing customers and our new customers.

What I'll say about commercial is that we grew 15%. We grew significantly with locals and nationals, but
probably the one story that I want people to continue to focus on is that we're underpenetrated. I mean
a 4% share gives us a tremendous opportunity to create a faster-growing business. So as we execute on
this growth playbook that we talked about, we're seeing significant share gains. We're pleased with that
execution in the marketplace. And the Mega-Hub strategy, the things that we're doing with technology, the
fact that we're laser focused on being competitively priced, all of these things give us an opportunity to
create a faster-growing business, and we're pretty excited about it.

David Michael Lantz
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And then just one more for me. Can you talk about the impact that you think the rollout of electric
vehicles is happening in the industry and what you think could happen over the long term there?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. First of all, we believe there's going to be a market, and AutoZone is going to be a big player, just as
we are today with the internal combustion engine. Our strategy is simple. We're just going to follow the
consumer, just like we've done in the past. We're not wed to internal combustion engine technology. We've
significantly changed our assortment over time to reflect the latest technology, so this is not an accidental
threat for us. We're operating from a position of strength.

If you think about our business today, we're already supplying parts and supplies to the EV market, things
like wiper blades. We have world-class capabilities in supply chain and merchandising. We have great
relationships and partnerships with the OEMs who have a seat at the table today and can help us forecast
the volumes and the timing of the market changes, and we have this tremendous retail footprint and
commercial business that gives us distribution points.

So as we think about the parts and supplies that are at risk with electric vehicles versus internal
combustion engines, there will be offsets. I mean there will be -- clearly, there'll be some things that are
at risk, but there will be offsets to those. And there'll be opportunities for us in both DIY and DIFM.

So listen, despite what we see in headlines and announcements from the OEMs, we're a bit cautious
because the market has some near-term challenges that we're watching closely. First of all, consumer
adoption is uncertain, roughly 2% of the market today, and it's growing slowly. And if you look at the U.S.
in particular, the charging infrastructure is not ready for prime time. The rapid charging stations need
to be built out. It's going to be expensive. It's probably going to take some combination of public and
private partnerships. The business model there has an uncertain path to profitability. And quite frankly,
we think there's going to be some need for some pretty significant power grid investments. But we do
believe there's going to be a market, and we're going to be a player, and we're simply going to follow the
consumer.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Baker, D.A. Davidson.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

Katy Hallberg
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

This is Katy on for Mike Baker. Kind of tagging on to one of the previous questions asked, I was wondering
if you guys saw any difference in what your retail customers spent between the 2 rounds of stimulus, and
if you saw any sort of category shift between those.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I don't think we've really seen any significant category shifts. I mentioned the battery business has
been particularly strong. We've seen -- we talked about the sales floor business being really strong. What
we have seen in recent -- in this quarter is a resurgence of our hard parts business, in particular some
of the failure-related items. I think some of that has to do with actually getting into winter and having a
more normal winter this year.

We've also talked about our maintenance products not being at the same levels that we're experiencing
the rest of our business, things like brakes and rotors and the like. And I think that that's personally a hold
on from the lack of winter last year and the fact that miles driven are down and those maintenance items
for some of the higher socioeconomic groups may be negatively impacted.

Katy Hallberg
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Okay, great. And then just again, real quickly on the cash balance. I know you guys mentioned being fairly
confident about more share repurchases through the end of the year, and I was just wondering if there are
any other plans or sort of strategic investments to use some of that excess cash.

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Well, what we've said is that we're going to take our free cash flow, and our #1 priority has been and will
continue to be to invest in our business in a disciplined way. The free cash flow that we generate inside
the business gives us tremendous financial firepower to both invest in our business in a disciplined way
and return significant amounts of cash to investors in the form of our repurchases currently. We've got
tremendous confidence in that plan, and we're going to continue to execute as we finish out the balance of
the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Montani, Evercore ISI.

Michael David Montani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

It's Mike Montani on for Greg Melich. Just wanted to ask 2 questions. I had one for Bill and then a follow-
up for Jamere, if I could. So first off, for Bill, obviously, there's been a lot of investment in technology and
multichannel. And I'm wondering, Bill, if you could just expand a little bit, if you care to go there. What
percentage of the B2B business today is kind of digital ordering, if you think about that, almost $3 billion
business.

And then the same question for your retail business. We've been thinking probably 4% to 5% type range,
but is that true? And then related was just if you can talk about FedEx initiative as well as BOPUS, just
kind of some incremental color on what's working well in those 2 areas.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Great. There's a lot to unpack there, Mike. Thank you for the question. I really hate this new setup
with Bill and Jamere. Used to, if somebody said Bill, and it was a hard question, I would just look at Giles
and let him answer it. But you put it on me this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

So let's talk about our digital business. In the commercial sector, it's not like the retail system where
customers really picking a channel. They're picking the way they want to order parts. So there are 2
primary ways they order parts. They pick up a phone and call us or they go online and click buttons, and
we fulfill it the exact same way, regardless of how they initially interact with us. We've been doing a lot of
work trying to make -- doing it digitally with us easier, and we've made significant strides. Really proud of
the team that's been doing that work over the last couple of years, in particular.

And we've also made a lot of other back-office things easier for the customer. We've also done some
work with ALLDATA to make ALLDATA more ingrained in the purchase decision with the customer. So I'm
really pleased where we are with that. And we are seeing significant growth, but the vast majority of
our interactions with customers today are still over the phone. We believe and hope, over time, that our
percentage of digital penetration in the commercial business will continue to increase at a pretty rapid
pace.

On the retail side of the business, we kind of have 3 different businesses that we interact with. We
have Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store. We have traditional ship to home, which comes out of our fulfillment
center; or we have next-day delivery, which is the program that you mentioned with FedEx, where we're
leveraging our Hubs and Mega-Hubs. And customers can order with us as late as 10 p.m., midnight in a
couple of markets, and we'll have it on their doorstep the next day.

Each 1 of those 3 businesses is growing significantly, really high rates faster than the rest of the business.
But our Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store is growing at twice the rate of our ship to home and next-day delivery
business. And that, again, shows us, once again, and remember, the way we price in the online world,
if you do ship to home or next-day delivery, on most purchases, you can generally get a 20% discount.
But our customers are electing to do Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store with us at twice the growth rate of ship
to home or next-day delivery, which again proves to us the notion that we have to be an omnichannel
provider. We've got to have great stores and great customer touch points. Convenience and knowledge
that our AutoZoners provide to our customers is very valuable to our customers. So I hope I unpacked
that okay for you.

Michael David Montani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. That was helpful. And then for Jamere, I guess you can have the tougher questions, which we get
this from investors, which is really around the minimum wage. And obviously, we saw Walmart go up to
$15-plus an hour. We've been thinking you all are kind of $13 to $14 an hour range. But the heart of the
question really is when we try to analyze this, we think it could be 100 bp plus headwind to the P&L in
isolation, but then we think there's a lot of levers you all have to pull to kind of mitigate. And one thing,
for example, was COVID costs seem to be running above 100 bps. So is this a case where we should be
kind of confident that you all can kind of mitigate some of these headwinds to the extent that this happens
in a rational way? Just any color that you can share there on productivity initiatives, pricing power would
be super helpful.

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. So a couple of things about this one. One is we do think that there will be several mitigants at our
disposal as we move into this environment. It's still uncertain about what we'll see and the cadence that
we will see that. These are all things that we've been contemplating for a while.

The first thing I'll say is that we've done a tremendous job inside of our operations, really driving
productivity. And over time, what that's meant for us is that we have a highly productive workforce here
that is delivering. And you can see that in this environment where we have accelerated sales growth,
you're seeing us getting very decent leverage with our teams in the field. So that's one.

The second thing is the reality is that when there are inflationary pressures in the business, whether
they're commodities or wages, you have to be disciplined as a company to make sure that you recover
those. And so we're very disciplined on the pricing front. Whenever we see cost inflation from any area of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

the P&L, we find ways to offset that with pricing, and we believe we're going to have that pricing power
into the future.

And then I think the third thing that stands out to me as it relates to minimum wages, we're going to
do what's right for our AutoZoners. That's always been our philosophy inside the company, and so the
cadence with which the legislation happens will have an impact on that. But across our business today,
we're always focused on doing what's right for the AutoZoners and making sure that we're competitive in
terms of acquiring labor. And so to the extent that there are changes that happen in the wage landscape,
we're going to be competitive there, and we're going to have a business that enables us to be competitive
in the future.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Right. Before we conclude the call, I want to take just a moment to reiterate, we believe our industry is
strong and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted as we understand our customers
have alternatives to shopping with us. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We have
an exciting plan that should help us succeed this fiscal year. But I want to stress, like always, that this
is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term
shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful.

Thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day and stay safe.

Operator
Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

