Automatic Data Processing, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:ADP
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 28, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.78

1.89

Revenue  (mm)

4075.03

4102.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-28-2021 12:57 PM GMT

6.18

0.66

1.20

5.95

6.53

3663.64

14905.23

15832.58

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.96

0.98

1.29

1.78

1.14

1.41

1.52

1.89

18.75 %

43.88 %

17.83 %

6.18 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

ANALYSTS

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Dan Dolev
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Eugene Simuni

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Peter Corwin Christiansen
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Crystal, and I'll be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to ADP's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining ADP's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021
Earnings Call and Webcast. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Kathleen Winters, our Chief Financial Officer.

Earlier this morning, we released our results for the quarter. Our earnings materials are available on
the SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, where you will also find the
investor presentation that accompanies today's call.

During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures which we believe to be useful to investors
and that exclude the impact of certain items. A description of these items, along with the reconciliation of
non-GAAP measures to their most comparable GAAP measures, can be found in our earnings release.

Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risks.
We encourage you to review our filings with the SEC for additional information on factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.

And with that, let me turn it over to Carlos.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Danny, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. This morning, we reported another
strong set of quarterly results that were ahead of our expectations, with revenue growth of 1% and
adjusted EBIT margin down 90 basis points, combining for a modest adjusted diluted EPS decline of 2%.

This, of course, was the final quarter before we begin to lap the impact of the pandemic. And I'm very
proud of our organization's ability to have delivered positive revenue and earnings growth for the first 9
months of the fiscal year despite unprecedented challenges in the economy and the labor markets.

I'll start with a review of some of our key performance drivers and an update on the operating
environment we've been experiencing. This quarter, our Employer Services New Business Bookings
reaccelerated, and we delivered 7% growth, a strong result for the team. The improved year-over-year
growth compared to the second quarter was driven by every business unit. Importantly, we ended the
quarter on a particularly strong note, with record March sales performance that was well above pre-
pandemic fiscal 2019 levels, which we see as a positive signal for client engagement in the quarters
ahead.

The selling environment will likely continue to evolve month-to-month and with differences on a regional
basis, as COVID cases and the reopening trajectories stabilize. We are optimistic that with vaccine
deployment progressing steadily, our clients are in the best position since the pandemic started to begin
making buying decisions again. Also encouraging is that we started to hold more in-person sales meetings,
with over 1/3 of our field sales force having conducted at least 1 in-person meeting this quarter. We
expect in-person engagement to pick up over the coming quarters as well.

With our Q3 performance and the trajectory we see in Q4, we're pleased to narrow our bookings range
around a higher midpoint. We now expect growth of 20% to 25% for the year versus 15% to 25% prior.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

Achieving this growth rate would put us at first full year sales productivity close to 90% of pre-pandemic
levels, which would be an incredible achievement for our sales associates.

Our retention, which has been a key driver for our strong results this year, was a positive development
once again and performed slightly ahead of even our revised and elevated expectations. Retention remains
at record levels.

Many of you have been asking about how sustainable this improved retention performance is for ADP. It's
a great question and hard to answer with precision given the unpredictable environment we're all in. But
our belief is that during the pandemic, there have been some temporary benefits from client hesitancy
to make major decisions, plus lower out-of-business losses given government support in North America
and Europe. But we also believe there will be enduring benefit resulting from the record client satisfaction
we've seen as our product and service both have continued to improve.

Next quarter, we expect to be in a better position to talk about retention expectations for fiscal 2022. But
clearly, we feel very good about what we've achieved this year. On the back of our record Q3 performance,
we're pleased to raise our guidance and now expect full year retention to be up at least 125 basis points
from 2020 versus our prior guidance of up 100 basis points. As a reminder, this guidance would put us in
record territory for the year.

Moving to the overall employment picture. Our pays per control metric performance was softer than
expected as it improved only modestly from Q2 and rounded again to a decline of 6% for Q3. But that
said, we are encouraged by the recent trends in employment data, particularly in the U.S., as more of the
economy reopens. As of April, we've now started to lap the pandemic-affected pays per control figures and
have been pleased with the positive year-over-year growth we've seen so far in Q4. So we're making no
change to our full year pays per control outlook of down 3% to 4%.

I'd like to now provide an update on some of our key product and strategic initiatives. In February, we
announced the launch of Roll, a new payroll and tax filing product for small businesses. Roll combines
the simplicity of an AI-driven, chat-based interface with the power and scale of our payroll and tax filing
expertise, sold digitally and delivered through an app-only interface.

With this offering, we believe we can expand our reach into the U.S. small business market beyond the
businesses we've historically targeted with RUN, as the target clients for Roll users is with simpler needs
who prioritize a mobile-first, fully chat-based interface. This is a different set of users compared with the
target clients for a more comprehensive RUN solution. We look forward to sharing Roll's progress with you
in the quarters ahead.

Parallel to this, we're also making great progress in increasing the amount of digital onboarding we're
conducting with RUN. And we've continued to scale up this capability since we discussed it with you
during our Innovation Day in early 2020. This quarter alone, 15,000 or over 1/3 of our new RUN clients
onboarded themselves digitally, enabling a better experience for the clients as well as cost savings for
ADP.

This initiative is just one of many digitally enabled efforts we are making to drive improved efficiency at
ADP. And as we've mentioned in the past, we have more to look forward to as our digital transformation
continues.

Our Next Gen Payroll engine also continues to scale up and demonstrate success in the mid-market. In
this quarter, we sold hundreds more clients and continued to expand our capability set to accommodate
more complex payroll needs. We now have over 400 clients live on Workforce Now with our Next Gen
Payroll engine, and we expect to accelerate this further in the coming quarters.

In addition to its improving position in the mid-market, Workforce Now continues to scale nicely into the
enterprise market. In this quarter, ADP was recognized as a customer's choice leader in Gartner's Voice
of the Customer for cloud HCM suites from North American companies with 1000-or-more employees.
This is a great milestone for the team and strong validation of the flexibility of Workforce Now, as we've
continued to sell it to larger clients in recent years while, of course, concurrently scaling implementation
and service of our Next Gen HCM platform.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

Ultimately, these product enhancements are all designed to drive growth. And I'm happy to report
that this quarter, our client count reached 900,000, a remarkable achievement, particularly during the
pandemic. This is a testament to both the strong retention we've experienced this year as well as better-
than-expected year-to-date sales performance.

We're very proud of our execution so far this year. And we look forward to putting the impact of the
pandemic behind us. On that front, we recognize there's a lot of interest in our potential growth and
earnings profile for next year. As you can appreciate, it's still early to discuss fiscal 2022 with any precision
given the dynamic environment and the fact that we're still going through our operating plan process for
next year. But Kathleen will share some additional perspective on fiscal 2022 in a moment.

I'd also like to share that we plan to host a virtual Investor Day later this calendar year, where we plan
to update you on our strategy and discuss our post-pandemic aspirations. We are tentatively aiming for
November, and we'll share a date shortly. For now, we remain focused on maintaining our very positive
momentum as we close out this fiscal year.

And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Kathleen for more detail on the quarter and the outlook.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. Q3 represented another strong quarter for us, with our
performance on both revenues and margins driven by excellent execution across the organization. Our
revenues grew 1% on both a reported and organic constant currency basis. which represented a slight
acceleration versus Q2. We delivered this growth despite incremental drag from client funds interest
versus Q2 as well as some incremental pressure related to our usual seasonal Q3 revenue drivers, such as
annual W-2 forms. I'll share more on these in a moment.

As anticipated, we also experienced a margin decline as we continued to make additional growth and
productivity investments and as we experienced a more significant client funds interest revenue decline
compared to prior quarters. But the 90 basis points of margin decline was better than our expectations.

Combining this revenue and margin performance, our adjusted EBIT was down 2% to $1.1 billion. Our
adjusted effective tax rate increased slightly compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2020, as we had
less contribution from excess tax benefit on stock comp. But our share count was lower year-over-year
driven by share repurchases. And as a result, our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.89 was down a
modest 2% versus last year.

For our Employer Services segment, revenues declined 1% on a reported basis and 2% on an organic
constant currency basis, demonstrating steady growth rates compared to last quarter despite additional
pressure from 2 sources, as I just mentioned, both of which were fully anticipated.

First with greater pressure from client funds interest. Our Q3 has a seasonally larger client funds balance
than other quarters of the year. And as a result, it skews more to cash and cash equivalent investments,
where interest rates have been pushed down to near 0. As a result, our client funds interest declined 32%
versus last year, with average yield down 70 basis points, more than offsetting our strong balance growth,
which improved to 6%.

Second, with a headwind related to seasonal Q3 revenues, like the annual Form W-2, which effectively
makes our Q3 slightly more sensitive to pays per control and employment turnover trends than other
quarters.

Looking past these 2 headwinds, underlying ES performance showed sequential improvement driven in
part by continued record level retention that was partially offset by slightly lower-than-expected pays per
control.

Employer Services Q3 margin was down 120 basis points compared to last year, ahead of our
expectations. We continue to invest in headcount to support our growing client base. We also started
lapping lower incentive costs from last year. And we experienced greater pressure from the lower client

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

funds interest revenue compared to the first half of this year. But at the same time, we kept our focus on
prudent cost control and continue to execute on our transformation initiatives.

Our PEO also had another very strong quarter. Average worksite employees increased sequentially to
594,000 . This was flat on a year-over-year basis. And this strong result was supported by retention
outperformance and a slight sequential improvement in pays per control, which was more impactful than
what we experienced in our ES segment. Although PEO sales growth still lags that of our ES segment, we
did see an improvement in sales performance in Q3 and are encouraged that unit sales growth for the PEO
was positive.

Our PEO revenue growth, meanwhile, was very strong at 7%. And revenues, excluding zero-margin
benefits pass-throughs, grew 10%, both ahead of our expectations. Once again, this strong performance
benefited from higher payroll per WSE supported by employee mix.

Additionally, this quarter, our revenue per WSE was further supported by a more favorable SUI rate
environment as some states have started to increase SUI rates. Workers' comp rates remained a headwind
in the quarter. PEO margin increased 100 basis points in the quarter driven by revenue growth and
continued expense discipline as well as roughly 50 basis points of contribution from workers' compensation
reserve true-ups.

I'll turn now to our updated guidance for fiscal 2021. With only 1 quarter remaining, we're pleased to raise
our guidance midpoints for several key metrics and narrow our guidance ranges for others.

Beginning with the ES segment. We now expect revenue to be up about 1% for the full year versus our
previous expectation for flat to up 2%. There's no real change in our revenue expectations. And this
revised outlook includes the impact from the following drivers.

We now expect our ES new business bookings to be up 20% to 25% compared to our prior forecast of
up 15% to 25%. This reflects Q3 sales performance that came in slightly ahead of our expectations and
our better line of sight into Q4. We're very happy to raise our bookings guidance again. And although this
doesn't materially change our revenue expectations for this fiscal year, it does add to our optimism about
next year.

We now expect our ES retention to be up at least 125 basis points versus up 100 basis points prior. Similar
to our updated bookings guidance, this improvement is driven by our Q3 performance and encouraging
visibility into Q4 retention.

We are raising our client funds interest expectations slightly and now expect $415 million for the full year.
We have seen the interest rate environment improve compared to what we had contemplated last quarter.
However, those improvements only apply to our new fixed income purchases over the last few months
of the year. There is no material change to our expectation for 1.6% average yield in our client funds
portfolio for fiscal year 2021.

We are encouraged by the signs of improvement in the U.S. labor markets. But as we mentioned, over this
last quarter, pays per control did underperform our Q3 expectations modestly. We have tempered our Q4
expectations slightly as a result, but our full year fiscal 2021 outlook remains a decline of 3% to 4%.

For our expected Employer Services margin for the year, we are narrowing to a decline of 50 to 75 basis
points. While we experienced stronger-than-expected margin performance in Q3, we will reinvest some of
this on discrete projects in Q4 to further accelerate our growth, investing, for example, in our Next Gen
rollout, Wisely card program and additional marketing and advertising.

For our PEO segment, we now expect revenue up 5% to 6% versus our prior forecast of up 3% to 5%.
And we expect average worksite employees to be up 1% to 2% versus our prior forecast of flat to up
2%. We also expect our revenues, excluding zero-margin pass-throughs, to be up 5% to 6% compared
to our prior forecast of up 3% to 5%. Our top line raised for the PEO is driven primarily by the strong Q3
performance we experienced and slightly higher payroll per WSE assumptions for Q4.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

Last, for PEO margin, we now expect to be up about 75 basis points in fiscal 2021 versus our prior
forecast range for up 50 to 100 basis points. Our visibility into Q4 has improved. And year-to-date, we've
seen stronger revenue performance and better-than-expected contribution from workers' compensation
true-ups, offset by greater pass-through revenue.

For our consolidated outlook, we now anticipate total ADP revenue to be up 2% to 3% in fiscal 2021
versus up 1% to 3% prior. And we anticipate our adjusted EBIT margin to be down 50 to 75 basis points,
an improvement of our prior guidance of down 50 to 100 basis points. There is no change to our expected
effective tax rate of 23% for the year. And we continue to assume a net share count reduction in our
guidance. Net of all these changes, we are updating our adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be flat to up 1%
versus our prior guidance of down 2% to up 2%.

As you know, with Q4, we will begin to lap the impact of the pandemic. And we recognize there is a lot of
interest in what our growth rate will look like as conditions continue to normalize. With that said, we're
still going through our planning process. As usual, we will provide fiscal '22 guidance when we report our
fourth quarter results, but I'd like to share some preliminary considerations.

The most important factor for us in accelerating growth is driving strong new business bookings. And
we expect our sales productivity to improve further next year as in-person visits increase and clients
and prospects continue to reengage more fully. As that productivity continues to progress toward pre-
pandemic levels and beyond, the contribution it makes to our revenue growth will likewise continue to
build.

Pays per control should provide a tailwind. And the magnitude of contribution will depend on the pace of
global employment recovery. We've provided sensitivities to pays per control in the past and will share a
pays per control assumption next quarter.

Client funds interest will likely remain a headwind if the current rate environment holds, though it should
be much less of a headwind than we are experiencing in fiscal 2021.

And on retention, improving economic activity could mean greater client switching levels compared to this
year. But we're not seeing pressure yet and will remain focused on holding on to the gains we've achieved.
We'll share our assumption about it next quarter.

Clearly, there are a number of moving pieces, but the net effect should be favorable. The 2% to 3%
revenue growth we expect to deliver this year demonstrates the resilience of our business model. And we
look forward to building from this higher revenue base and accelerating our growth back to pre-pandemic
levels as quickly as we can.

We are going into next year from a position of strength. And our aim is to deliver an improved market
position, stronger top line growth and margin expansion while maintaining the steady cash flows that have
allowed us to increase our shareholder distributions consistently for more than 7 decades. More on all this
will come next quarter, and we look forward to updating you then.
I'll now turn it back over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the increase in, in-person engagement with the sales force. Can you kind of
contrast for us the productivity you're seeing from those in-person meetings relative to the remote
meetings? Is that something that we should consider to be an incremental sort of driver of productivity,
maybe beyond what we were expecting as we go forward?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think that that's right. I think you would look at it really as incremental because if you recall, like
our first quarter, we had pretty robust sales results really with almost 100% of our sales force working
virtually at that point. So we expect that the increased activity, if you're listening to the tone of our
comments, that it's really incremental and hopefully gets us quickly back to the same productivity
levels we were pre-pandemic, which we were approaching in the third and fourth quarter here and
then hopefully beyond that because, obviously, part of our model before was that we expected some
incremental improvement in productivity each year in addition to increases in headcount.

And when you combine those factors, in addition to kind of new products and other things, that's
what kind of drove our new business bookings growth, the combination of increases in headcount and
increases in productivity. So you're right, that's the path, this will help us get quickly back to our previous
productivity and hopefully allow us to get above that, which is, I think, important for us in terms of our
long-term growth expectations.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. And I wonder if you could comment, too, on the environment around potential tax reforms? As I
recall, when the corporate tax rate fell, that was translated into lower client interest balances for you or
client funds balances for you. I know it's early days and everything needs to move through Congress,
but can you comment on the degree to which some of these changes may or may not be factored in your
budgeting process or what you're expecting here in terms of tax changes going forward and the impact on
your business?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I think -- for corporate, I think, what you're referring to, really -- what's currently on the table. We do
know there's a lot of discussion about a lot of different things, including an increase in the kind of tax rate
for the higher-income individuals. But right now, from what I -- and there's obviously discussion about
capital gains taxes as well.

But right now, the thing that is probably most prevalent in discussions is corporate income tax rate. And
I'm trying to think through -- I don't believe that, that has really any direct impact on our balances. They
obviously have an impact on ADP corporate itself, but I don't know, Danny, if you have...

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. Ramsey, you're definitely right about the individual tax brackets having an impact on our float
balance. So back when we had the previous corporate tax reform and the individual bracket changes, it
was a headwind of, I think, about a percentage point or in that ballpark.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

So in theory, what will drive a tailwind to our growth will depend on the actual change in rates here and
what that means for overall individual income taxes. So it would be a contribution. It's not factored into
our outlook at this time, but obviously, it's something we would benefit from.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Dolev from Mizuho.

Dan Dolev
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

I got just a quick housekeeping and then a longer-term strategic question. You're guiding, I think, to 4Q
EPS slightly below the Street. Is there any margin pressure to call out in the fourth quarter?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, I think if you -- from our prepared comments, you would probably see that the pressures are
what I would call self-inflicted in the sense that we believe there's an opportunity for us to make some
investments that improve our long-term growth prospects, both for '22 and beyond. And I think Kathleen,
in particular, mentioned the 2 or 3 things that we're investing in.

So the answer is no, there's no kind of mysterious margin pressure. In other words, the business
continues to move in the right trajectory, like almost every metric we have has improved. In fact, I'd say
every metric we have has improved sequentially, even the pays per control. Even though it was modest,
it's still rounded to 6% down. We know now, after watching the data at the beginning of Q4, that that's
heading in the right direction. And we can all tell from what's happening in unemployment that that's
going to also continue to improve fairly quickly here.

So when you really kind of add it all together, like we're in a very strong position to have very strong
momentum. And people who've known us for a long time know that when we experience that, we try to
reinvest some of that. And I think that's exactly what you're seeing in the fourth quarter. So I would say
that those are conscious decisions that we are making.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes, that's exactly right. And I'll just add in, in addition to what I think is smartly doing those investments
in the fourth quarter and accelerating some of that, we've also got some year-over-year comping going
on, right, as you would expect, with selling having been down Q4 last year versus Q4 this year. We'd see
incremental year-over-year selling expense in Q4 as well.

Dan Dolev
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Got it. And just my follow-up is it was very impressed to see bookings kind of back to fiscal '19 levels,
really strong. Can you maybe talk a little bit about how Next Gen Payroll engine is helping bookings?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

It's a relatively modest contribution because despite our level of excitement about, really, all of our Next
Gen platforms and even Roll, which you could argue that that's a Next Gen solution as well, again, it's just
because of the size and scale of our company, like right now, from a dollar impact standpoint, it's really
not -- that's not what's moving the needle. It's really across the board. Really, in every business unit, in
every channel, in every category, our bookings have been improving, again, sequentially every quarter.
And they continue to do that this quarter.

So we believe that medium to long term, that's the key to us sustaining kind of our multi-decade growth
rates is these Next Gen platforms. But I just continue to caution everyone too because we want to give
you the updates and we want to continue to focus on Next Gen. And I like -- I appreciate the question

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

because it's important to kind of separate what's driving the quarters and what's driving the next fiscal
year versus what's driving the next 3 to 5 years.

And I would say that Next Gen Payroll is going to be increasingly important in the next year or two from
a bookings standpoint and will start to probably make a difference. And we'll then give you that color in
terms of what difference it's making. But we should be cautious about revenue impact just because of the
recurring revenue model. It just takes a while for that to get into the revenue growth numbers. But it was
positive but really not what really moved the needle.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

And I would just add that we shared that we sold hundreds of clients on our Next Gen Payroll engine with
Workforce Now. Just for context, that compares to typically a few thousand clients that we sell in the mid-
market.

So It's still a piece of the overall puzzle. But as that scales to become the majority and then ultimately all
of our mid-market sales, then you would truly feel the incremental benefit.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

That is yet come is really the message there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Eugene Simuni from MoffettNathanson.

Eugene Simuni

So I wanted to ask about downmarket. Great to see the introduction of Roll to target the micro customers.
I was hoping you can speak a little bit more broadly about evolution of competitive landscape through the
pandemic, downmarket, how RUN has done and, kind of coming out of the pandemic, what opportunities
exist for ADP to continue gaining share in this segment as I believe it has done prior to pandemic?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, I mean I think there's a number of moving parts. And I think it probably depends on people's kind of
business model. So as you know, our business model is really more about providing not just the software
[indiscernible] the support, right? You can call it support. You can call service. You can call it compliance.
And I think what we saw this year with all of the activity that the government had around the various
stimulus programs to help companies and individuals and so on, that created a lot of complexity for
employers.

It appears that we're entering into an environment where, despite the pandemic hopefully fading, there
will be increased levels of government activity around employment and incentives and that kind of thing. I
think that's a good environment for ADP and for our downmarket business because most small businesses
don't have the time or the inclination to really focus on these things and to take care of these things.

So it works for some clients, and we believe that. That's why we're rolling out Roll, no pun intended. But
once you get to even a little bit slightly larger, you do end up running into issues that you need help with
and you need support and need advice. And much of that can be automated, but you still need it.

So for example, a lot of our PPP support reports were automated. So it doesn't mean that somebody has
to get on the phone and have a discussion about your PPP report. But you have to be focused on providing
the support and the compliance in addition to just the software. So I think that helped us this year.

And again, so to answer your question, how do we believe we're set up competitively right now, I think
we're set up excellently, competitively, because we now have very simple solutions for the micro market
where people want to self-buy, self-install and don't have complexity and maybe don't have issues with

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

taxes or compliance or don't want to ask questions because it's not priced or built to ask questions. But we
also have the ability to provide this assistance that is important for even small clients.

For sure, it's important for midsize clients and for larger clients. But I think what really got highlighted this
year is that small clients need a lot of help and need a lot of assistance. And you can see in our growth
rates, in our retention, in our client satisfaction, like in all of our metrics in our small business division,
that we happen to be in the right place at the right time, I think, to be able to help our clients and then
hopefully now benefit from the tailwind of the demand that that's going to create on a go-forward basis.
So anyway, long-winded way of saying I think we're in a great position because of our business model.

Eugene Simuni

Got it. Excellent. And then a quick follow-up from me on the global business. So just thinking about what
we're seeing now, I think, is a strong kind of bifurcation of the recoveries in the U.S. and abroad, strong
expectations for U.S. recovery in your business. In global, is it growing -- is it going slower? And is the
implication that global might be kind of a headwind to growth over the next couple of quarters?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

As usual, for us, things are a little more -- when you peel the onion back, there's a little bit more
complexity because you -- the image you have is correct, but it hasn't really translated into the results.
Our results have actually been quite good internationally, both in terms of bookings as well as just the
performance of the business overall, in terms of revenue, pays per control, et cetera.

Some of that is that a large portion of our business is in Europe. And there were a lot of government
programs there as well to help companies and to prevent high levels of unemployment. And so for
example, our pays per control metric never got to the negative levels that we saw in the U.S. and Europe.
So that was a benefit.

At the same time, our bookings have been quite strong. And I have to admit that I've been looking for
kind of the explanation for that other than really good execution on the part of our sales force as they
moved into a virtual environment because they had to sell virtually there as well. But I would say it's
strong differentiation of our products. Again, the service aspect to our solutions, the ability to provide
support and to provide compliance and help, all of those things probably helped our bookings performance
internationally as well.

So I would say that our global business actually is probably one of the bright spots, I would say, despite
what is obviously a very difficult environment. And we obviously feel for our businesses in not just Europe,
which now happens to be improving again, particularly in the U.K., but we're having challenges now in
Toronto. We're having -- in Canada, in Brazil. We're having challenges obviously, as you know, in India as
well. But it has not translated into negative results.

So I think it's a testament to the resiliency and the strength of the business model. But I don't want to
take anything away from the fact that it also obviously shows great execution by our international leaders
as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin from Cowen.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Question for you on ES versus PEO performance. It seems like pays per control appear to be a key
difference. So can you just dig in more on the mix aspects that seem to drive a pretty notable disparity of
performance between those two? And should we expect that difference to persist in 4Q? Or do you expect
more even performance?

Carlos A. Rodriguez

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

CEO, President & Director

I don't believe we've provided like that data. So I'm surprised you came to that conclusion, but we --
maybe it's part of our tone. So there isn't a huge difference between ES pays per control performance and
PEO. They both have been improving every quarter sequentially.

And remember, the PEO doesn't -- we generally stay away from very, very small clients. So we don't have
a lot of clients that are 1 to 2 employees or 5 employees. The average size client in the PEO, I think, is
somewhere around 40. And so by definition, it tends to skew a little bit bigger than maybe our average
client size, for sure, for small business.

So actually, I was looking at these figures last night. It makes perfect sense kind of where we are, which
is that the PEO is performing a little bit better in terms of absolute level of pays per control and has been
improving sequentially just as ES has as well.

So -- and again, I'm probably not allowed to say this because I'm going to get in trouble. But last night,
I got a note from the PEO that we experienced the first positive pays per control week. Now the problem
with pays per control is that it does vary based on payroll cycles. So if you have weekly payrolls or
biweekly payrolls, so you and I can't read anything into that. But it's the first time we've had a positive
pays per control in any week over the last 12 months. So that's a very positive sign.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then just on margins, you showed outperformance here again in the quarter. But at the same
time, you've called out incremental headcount investments, higher incentive comp and I think elevated
implementation costs. Can you just talk about the drivers there? And then how do we connect the elevated
implementation cost with more efficient digital onboarding commentary?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, the efficient digital onboarding, I think we were pretty clear, was in [ FPS ]. We would love to, at
some point in the future, extend that into the mid-market and maybe someday into the upmarket. But
as you know, like -- you know better than us because you talk to a lot of our competitors, there's not a
lot of digital onboarding going on, for example, with large, complex ERP installations. Not to pick on any
competitors, but it's pretty -- I know the image is that this stuff all kind of gets installed itself, but most of
-- many of our competitors use third parties.

So there's still quite a lot of implementation activity and expense, whether it's done by the seller of the
solutions or if it's done by a third party. We happen to have a model where we do a lot of it ourselves.
And so as bookings pick up and demand picks up, we need to add to our capacity for implementation, in
particular, in the mid-market, the upmarket and also global, which as I mentioned, has been strong.

So that doesn't mean that we're not adding in the downmarket also. But in our small business segment,
as we alluded to and as I think you pointed out, the digital onboarding capabilities obviously reduce the
need to grow headcount as much as we otherwise would have. But even in small business, we have a lot
of growth in bookings. And so it's a matter of the trade-off of how much can we onboard digitally versus
how much we still need some help with in terms of people being involved in.

In terms of some of the other items that we alluded to, I mean some of this is just kind of natural to the
business model. As we bring on more clients, we obviously expect productivity improvements every year,
whether it's in sales or implementation or everywhere. But we are seeing a recovery of our business and
very strong GDP forecast.

And so we're anticipating improved prospects for bookings and for revenue and for growth. And we need
to make sure that we have the right staffing levels based on the productivity metrics that -- and the
productivity goals that we have to be able to handle that business so we can maintain our high clients of --
level of client satisfaction that we've experienced.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

And then we have some natural growth in expenses like -- I think Kathleen alluded to sales expense
is clearly something that grows as you have sales success and as grows -- sales grow year-over-year.
So I wouldn't read too much into it, other than that we made some conscious decisions to reinvest in
some specific things in the fourth quarter to really position us well for '22 and beyond. But most of this
is just kind of natural stuff where, again, as our revenue growth picks up over time, we still have a great
incremental margin business, where we would expect to have good operating leverage as we grow those
revenues.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mark Marcon from Baird.

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Wondering if you can talk a little bit about the investments in Q4 just in terms of Next Gen, Wisely,
marketing and advertising. Just how much incremental spend will there be? And are you seeing signs with
regards to Wisely that the interest is picking up and, therefore, that's a great place to invest?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I don't -- it doesn't feel like it's appropriate to give you -- I think you asked for the numbers. I don't know
how -- you can probably do the math yourself, like in terms of -- when you look at the trajectory that
we're on, you could probably back into some rough -- this is not in the hundreds of millions of dollars,
again, but again, I respect the short-term orientation that we have here and that you guys are trying to --
but I would not read as much as you may be reading into these fourth quarter investments because we've
done this all the way back to my -- Gary taught me everything I know. And you knew Gary, I think, as
well, Mark.

And we are a long-term-oriented company. And we -- when we see opportunities to improve and to invest
in things that are either going to drive our bookings or drive our client satisfaction or drive our efficiency,
that's what we're going to do. And we've been doing that all along.

So this is -- it's not like we hadn't invested. We've been telling you that we've been investing for the last
3 quarters, and that was a conscious decision. We took a little bit of a beating for that at the beginning
of the year. Fortunately, we had positive surprises on the revenue side and on pays per control and other
things. But we committed that we were going to invest through the downturn, and that's what we've done.

And now we feel like there are a few things that we can do that I would call -- I don't want to call them
housekeeping items. But they're not -- these are not in the hundreds of millions of dollars, but they put
some pressure on our fourth quarter margin. And we knew that it would create some questions even
though it really has nothing to do with '22 or kind of our future expectations of either revenue growth or
operating leverage.

But again, I understand the question, but I don't think that -- maybe Danny can give you a little bit more
color. But I'm not sure giving you an exact number is probably the right approach.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

I mean you could tell...

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Sorry, Danny. I would just say think about it as kind of -- these are tweaks to the amounts we're spending
in Q4 versus kind of wholesale changes to the program here. So it's somewhat modest. And as Carlos
said, it's not in the hundreds of millions of dollars here.

Danyal Hussain

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

Vice President of Investor Relations

And in terms of your Wisely question, Mark, the one thing we did see was the stimulus drove some uptick
in the card, spend per card. Other than that, during the pandemic, there haven't been any real notable
changes in the Wisely growth trends. So really, it's the per card economics that has -- seems like to tick
up recently.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And I think it's something that we've been excited about. But again, it was hard to get excited about.
There was a lot of natural tailwind because people wanted more digitally-oriented payment methods in the
last 3 quarters.

But from a focus standpoint, like for the first couple of quarters of the year, we were focused on a lot of
things. And this may not have made it all the way to the top of the list, but it was on the top of the list
kind of pre-pandemic, if you recall.

And so I think I would see this as more of a reemergence of some of the themes and some of the things
that we had been talking about that excite us because I think the Wisely opportunity is a big one. So I'm
glad that the team brought this forward in terms of as an investment opportunity because we were excited
about it, call it, 12 to 18 months ago. We should be just as excited about it today. But admittedly, it wasn't
our #1 focus in the middle of the pandemic, if you will, or at the beginning of the pandemic.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. And then just one last comment is we always look very hard at the timing and amount that we spend
on marketing and advertising. But with economic activity continuing to have momentum and pick up and
client engagement picking up, we felt this was the right time to increase that a little bit as well.

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I really appreciate that color, and it is completely consistent with the long-term track record, going back
to Art, even before Gary. Can you talk a little bit about just -- Danny, can you just remind us what the
sensitivity on the pays per control to revenue is?

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

It's a 25 basis points of revenue impact for every 1 percentage point change in pays per control.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh from Crédit Suisse.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. Carlos, I think you alluded to kind of a record high client count, 900,000 or so. Can you give us a
sense of where that splits across enterprise, mid-, downmarket? And how that fits relative to historical
trends in the business?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I can give you some color. We don't -- I don't think that's something that we've disclosed in terms
of the actual breakdown by business, but I can give you general ideas. So we had -- that 6% growth,
the 900,000 -- and we had, call it, growth of somewhere around that for RUN. Our WFN growth was
around that as well. And GlobalView was around that as well. So from a client -- pure client growth

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

standpoint, if you look at our strategic platforms, they grew in kind of that neighborhood from a client
growth standpoint, which we see as really great news given the very difficult environment that we're in.

Obviously, when you look at, mathematically, the overall growth rate and the overall number, it's driven in
large part by our small business division because that's where we have the bulk of the absolute number
of clients. But I wanted to give you a little bit of color around -- if you look at Workforce Now across our
multiple channels because, remember, we sell Workforce Now just in the -- not just in the mid-market
but we sell it in the upmarket, and we sell it in the PEO platform as well. We also have that platform in
Canada. And so that gives you some sense of kind of how well that platform is growing, which is really
satisfying to us. So hopefully, that helps a little bit.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

No, that's helpful. And then just on the retention real quick, I think you took it up to 125 basis points from
100. Can you just refine that a little bit? Is that kind of a Q4 run rate? Or is that the full year number?
Does that mean the fourth quarter is even higher than that? Or was that [indiscernible] number? And
then just any thoughts, if you could just maybe frame out a little bit more because it's obviously a big
development?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

You've stumped us.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

No. I think we said in the opening remarks, Kevin, that it's on the Q3 performance being stronger than
expected.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think it's generally -- it's been consistent, like it's really, frankly, remarkable, which is why we keep
emphasizing some caution because we hope -- there's no plan -- we're not going to give it back, and we're
not hoping for a give-back. But in this business, like people who have been following us for a long time,
like when we have a 10 to 20 basis point move in retention, it's a big deal.

So to have this kind of retention on top of the retention that we had last year is pretty remarkable. And
so we're pretty excited about it. And I think the key for us is trying to determine -- like when I look at the
retention figures, there's a lot of improvement in what's called the controllable losses, so the ones that are
related to kind of service issues and so forth.

So we're excited that we might be able to hold on to some of this gain. But at the same time, we're
realistic enough to acknowledge that some of the stuff that was related to kind of out of business and
government stimulus, there might be a little bit of give-back there.

But it's been pretty consistent, like every -- it seems like every quarter, the improvement has been in
that same neighborhood year-over-year. Hence, why we kind of tweaked the full year -- because we're
probably going to end up in the range that we gave you, which is a little higher than what we had before.
But it wasn't -- we weren't trying to like send any kind of message about the fourth quarter in particular.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

A lot of good questions already. Just thinking about the retention. It feels like it's industry-wide to some
degree. So just trying to better understand your new sales, the reacceleration. Is it driven more from
upselling and new business formation? And any surprises in the net switching or the balance of trade from
a head-to-head standpoint?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I don't have a lot to report on. We obviously watch all that stuff, like you're referring to the balance of
trade. And as you said, it's hard for me to tell about retention in terms of the rest of the industry. You
guys would be the experts on that because my casual review of some 10-Ks makes it kind of hard to
compare, like some people would say retention of their annual recurring revenue, cloud revenues, which is
not the same as the retention for their company.

So it's kind of hard for me to say. I mean some of it, I would say, is probably more variable than you think
based on what I'm seeing in terms of the variability of growth rates because it's clearly been a huge part
of our ability to outperform.

I mean this is a pretty remarkable revenue performance given what we've been through and given the
pays per control headcount. And by the way, nobody has brought it up yet, but we have a huge headwind
on client funds interest, which is going to abate here in the fourth quarter and is going to abate next year
as well. There may still be a little bit of headwind, but this was really the worst quarter that we had in
these 9 months, where that -- there was a $130 million drag just from client funds interest.

So when you put everything into the pot, without really good strong retention, it's hard to outperform
the way we have. And we've done some work on the relative performances of us versus some of our
competitors. And we feel pretty good about that and about our potential for retention to be one of the
needle movers there. There might be some other factors that I'm not -- that we're not -- we haven't
thought about. But no, I don't think there's anything else really big out there, like we've done a little bit
better against some of our -- the usual competitors that you know about in terms of balance of trade. But
there's others that are still challenging for us.

And so net-net, we're pretty comfortable with where we are and determined to continue to drive our
growth. I think all of us are probably benefiting from kind of overall economic growth. And the fact that
it seems like maybe there are some either in-house or regional providers that are -- because you can see
our -- we're growing our units in Workforce Now and in RUN. And so we're -- it seems like we're all -- have
some ability to grow in this environment, which is, I guess, good for everyone.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. I'm glad you said all that. We shouldn't take it for granted.

Just quickly on client satisfaction, notably higher. Would you attribute it, Carlos, more to the -- of
course, the support efforts you guys have invested in, but the Next Gen platforms and some of the
digital initiatives? Or are you also seeing just clients maybe building more better goodwill, with ADP
spending more time with them during these tough times, during the pandemic? Just trying to understand
that because that seems like it could be -- if that carries over, we could see some compounding in the
retention.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think it's a great question. We obviously are trying to figure that out because it's very important to
the long-term value creation of the company. And it's all the things you mentioned because you obviously
know the business well enough that you hit on all. And the question is how much is each of those, right?
Like the last one that you mentioned about the goodwill, there's no question that us being there -- like
there were 2 or 3 months where people could not talk to anyone other than us about what to do, right?
What to do about the PPP loans that the government was offering, around tax credits, because if you buy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

software from someone, you can't call them to ask them those questions. I just want to remind everyone,
right?

You can call them to ask them about the software. And you can send in a ticket to get your software issue
resolved. But you can't call to ask about tax deferrals or tax credits or PPP reports or any of that kind
of stuff. So we clearly built a lot of goodwill. But on the other hand, business is business, and goodwill
doesn't last forever. So we're not planning on living off of that for the next 5 or 10 years.

So that brings me back to kind of the basics of client satisfaction, which is we have to be there for our
clients when they need us, not just during the pandemic but at all times. So I would say that the second
major factor, besides the goodwill that I mentioned and some of the digital initiatives to like make things
easier for our clients and improve our user experience, is that we did not panic at the onset of the
pandemic.

And if you recall, we took some lumps for that because we really maintained our investments, both -- not
just in R&D but we maintained our investments in headcount and implementation.

That doesn't mean that we didn't have some drift down as a result of some turnover, which we did.
And our headcount did decline because we had temporarily a drop in volume, if you will. But that was
really, really important, right, to be able to kind of get through this period and be able to deliver on our
commitments to our clients.

And back to the comments I made about productivity before, that's one of those things that we watch very
carefully because we want to improve productivity. But we won't -- we can't be naive and think that if our
-- obviously, if our headcount was 10% lower, we'd have higher net income. The problem is what would
your client satisfaction be and your retention.

And so that's the magic, right, of being able to figure out what's that right balance. And you have tools to
figure that out. You have monitoring systems, right, to understand what the client satisfaction levels are in
relation to how quickly you're getting back to people to resolve their problems, for example, and how well
trained your people are.

So there's a number of different factors that we look at. But the key is to be committed to delivering high
levels of client service, which we are. And I think we just proved it. If we can do it during a pandemic, we
can do it anytime.

Operator

Thank our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

PI just wanted to start with the bookings question, just to make sure you've got the expectations right
here. Just trying to do the math on the Q4 implied guidance. I think it would be about 90% growth. So I
wanted to see if that's accurate. Obviously, you've got the super easy comp there.

And maybe as part of that, could you just talk about some of the activities you've seen through the first
month of the quarter? I mean I assume you've got pretty high visibility here just given that you raised the
low end of the full year guidance range for the bookings.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

Jason, it's Danny. You don't have the weightings by quarter, but what's implied for the fourth quarter is
over 100% bookings growth. And for April, we're tracking right in line with expectation.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

Yes. And I would say that you should not read anything into that other than what we said, which is we're
still really positive. We believe we're going to continue to get sequential productivity improvements. But
the percentage growth rate is really related to the base effect is really when you get down to it, right?
Whether it's 110 or 150 or 190, it's not that -- I know you know it's not that important because I think
you're trying to get to a number. You're using the percentage to get to the number.

But you should probably -- if I were you, I would look at maybe call it the second quarter or maybe 2019
fourth quarter or something. There's got to be something else that would give you something good as a
proxy, right, where -- we don't expect to be back to 100% productivity levels in the fourth quarter, but we
should be getting close to like where we were in 2019. And there might be other small moving parts there
from 2019. So I don't want to go out on a limb and say that's the right analog. But anyway, I think that's
hopefully helpful.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. No, it is. Your comp certainly would matter more. I just wanted to make sure people kind of have the
right numbers in their models for the quarter.

And then just a quick follow-up on the pays per control. I think you mentioned it was a little worse than
you anticipated in Q3. And you tempered your Q4 expectations a little bit. I'm just curious which part of
the portfolio is driving that? It just seems maybe a little incongruous with the U.S. employment data that
we're seeing at a high level, which obviously has continued to outperform expectations.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

It's 100% timing related because we can see in the data -- we have other data sets like they show us,
like, for example, job postings and background checks, screenings and so forth. So you shouldn't read
anything into it.

And we did not temper our fourth quarter at all. In fact, we kind of tried to clarify that we kept the full
year the same, despite the third quarter being a little bit softer, in part because we think we're on the
same positive trajectory that I think -- that we thought we were on. So we're seeing the same thing you're
seeing in terms of employment and unemployment. And we would fully expect these pays per control
numbers to improve rapidly here.

And remember that we're talking today about numbers that were through the end of the third -- sorry,
through the end of March, and those numbers are for 3 months, right? So if you look at the third month,
in March, it's different than it was for January. And January, February, I know it's hard to remember, to
think back that far in how bad things were. That was a completely different picture than the picture we
had in early April and maybe in the last -- very last week of March. So I wouldn't read anything into it
other than timing.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Just to clarify, it was just a slight tweak to the Q4 number and holding the full year at down 3% to 4%. So
it's really kind of very minor tweaks.

Operator

And our next question comes from Pete Christiansen from Citi.

Peter Corwin Christiansen
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Carlos, I think the high customer SAT scores, the goodwill, clearly a testament to ADP's capabilities and
certainly the service business model. But I guess clients need certainly change. And we've been hearing
from some of our other companies that talent acquisition has been, I guess, even more challenging than in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

the past. And I recall at the last Analyst Day that ADP had really been making a lot of strides in improving
its recruiting management tools, so on and so forth.

How would you think that you stack up competitively in that area, particularly in recruiting management
tools? And do you think that could be another vehicle or vessel to maintain the high retention levels that
you're currently experiencing?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Absolutely. I think that you're right. I mean some of this obviously is cyclical, right, in the sense that 12 to
18 months ago, people were looking for other tools other than client acquisition tools. So you have to be
careful about not kind of shifting with the wind necessarily. You have to be consistently able to help people
throughout the whole life cycle of HCM. And right now, that happens to be an important one.

And so I would say that there's 2 things. One is we build our own tools, as you said, around recruitment
management. And we also have an RPO business, and we have other tools to help with the talent
acquisition process. We also partner and we have some really strong partnerships. I'm not sure I should --
I don't know if I mentioned the names of the companies or not. But the names that you hear a lot of kind
of advertising about, we have very strong integration and partnerships with some of those companies to
really make it easy, in particular, in small business but also even in the mid-market for people to use those
tools to really help with the recruiting needs that they have.

But we feel we've been making -- we have made significant investments in our recruitment management
platform and our talent acquisition platforms, nothing to do with the pandemic. So that -- you could
call it fortuitous that we had done that before the pandemic. And we would expect that those would be
contributors to our overall value proposition, into our revenue -- sorry, into our bookings growth because
those are generally tools that create incrementality around your bookings number.

In other words, what you can charge clients is typically there's a core set of solutions. And then
recruitment management, things like time and attendance or workforce management, those tend to be
more incremental around the basic package, if you will, of HCM.

So we're positive. We're bullish on it. And I think we're very -- just as a reminder, our app marketplace
is -- creates a very easy and seamless way for people to use different solutions in HCM. And this would
be a category that we would have a lot of partners in that app marketplace that allow you to get all the
other benefits you mentioned about ADP's business model and still be able to fulfill your talent acquisition
needs. If you don't believe that ADP has what you need, which we believe you do, but if you don't, you
can always get it through one of our partners.

Peter Corwin Christiansen
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

That's helpful. And apologies if this was addressed earlier. But given the change in the yield curve, have
there been any thoughts on potentially extending duration of the portfolio or any other investment
selection choices as you head into '22?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Probably not worth mentioning. As you know, the yield curve, like right now, kind of 5- and 7-year is a
little bit better than 2 and 3 just because of the way the Fed is managing the curve, if you will. So I think
there are always -- I would call them tactical opportunities but no. I mean I think our duration has been in
the same range since I've been CEO. And I would anticipate that's not changing. And we're not changing
our laddering strategy and we're not changing our client funds interest strategy.

The good news is that it appears the worst is behind us in terms of drag from client funds interest, which
was painful. I think we had a $50 million drag just this quarter. So again, not to beat a dead horse, but it
just shows the strength of the business that we didn't mention that to you. And we kind of overcame that
drag and $130 million for the year. So we're looking forward to better times ahead.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

And I did see an interesting chart. Again, I probably shouldn't say this, but we had $16 billion in balances
in 2008. And we had $635 million in client funds interest -- I'm sorry, $685 million, not $35 million in
client funds interest. So it just shows to you the magnitude. I mean you all know what's happened to
interest rates, but that was 2008. That wasn't like a different century or in a different country, like that
was here.

And so today, our balances are, call it, the mid-$20 billion number for the year. I think that's the
expectation. So I think you could probably do the math yourself in terms of if we do believe that there's
going to be some inflation here. And if you look at the inflation breakevens and you look at some other
things that are going on, we're looking forward to better times ahead for client funds interest.

Peter Corwin Christiansen
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And the adjusted EBITDA margin was 19% back then, and you're already above that. That's great.

Operator

And we have time for one more question, and that comes from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

My questions have already been asked.

Operator

Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand the
program over to Carlos Rodriguez for any closing remarks.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

So as you can tell from our comments, we continue to, I think, have the same level of optimism as we had
last quarter. And we're really, really thankful for the performance of our sales organization and also our
frontline associates in terms of what they've been able to do for our clients.

And at the risk of ending on a negative note, though, all of this positive and all of this -- positivity and
enthusiasm, we don't want to overlook the fact that we still have some challenges, and some people still
have some challenges in other parts of the world. This is a U.S.-headquartered company with over 80% of
our revenues in the U.S. So that's probably why you're hearing all of this optimism.

But we're not only in the U.S. We have associates in India, in Brazil, in Canada and in Europe, and the
situation is not the same there. Even though the businesses are performing well, we -- just as back in the
spring of last year, there was enormous suffering and challenges here in the U.S. among our associates.
The same thing is happening for some of our associates and some other parts of the world, in particular, in
India.

And we are not going to forget them. We're doing everything we can to help them. We appreciate what
the U.S. government is doing, along with the Indian government and local governments to help as well.
And we look forward to helping them kind of get through the same difficult situation that we managed to
get through.

And they too will have their vaccination rates pick up in all of those parts of the world. And they too
will emerge from the pandemic, but it's clear that it's going to take a little bit longer. And we should all
remember to be there, to help them and to support them in any way we can. And ADP will do exactly that.

But having said that, we are close to seeing the situation in the rearview mirror here. And we're really
anxious to see our growth rates reaccelerate to kind of where we were pre-pandemic here at some point
in the future and getting back to the business and to helping our clients with their challenges and helping

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

our associates build careers and helping all of you and our other shareholders and stakeholders get a fair
return for their investment.

So we -- I guess, as always, we appreciate your interest in ADP, and we appreciate you tuning in. And we
will be back in a quarter with our outlook for fiscal year '22. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you
may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

