Baker Hughes Company NYSE:BKR
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 21, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.12

0.12

0.00

0.15

0.83

1.18

Revenue  (mm)

4797.71

4782.00

(0.33 %)

4962.94

20553.52

21907.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2021 12:45 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.00

0.04

0.16

0.12

(0.05)

0.04

(0.07)

0.12

NM

0.00 %

NM

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Judson Edwin Bailey
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

Christopher F. Voie
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company First Quarter 2021 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr.Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Sir, you may begin.

Judson Edwin Bailey
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell.
The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com.

As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions.
Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP
measures can be found in our earnings release.

With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us.

We are pleased with our first quarter results as we generated strong free cash flow, continued to drive
forward our cost-out efforts and took further meaningful steps in the execution of our strategy to lead
the energy transition. During the quarter, TPS delivered solid orders and operating income while OFS
continued to execute our cost-out program to help drive another strong quarter of margin performance.

As we look ahead to the rest of 2021, we remain cautiously optimistic that the global economy and oil
demand will recover from the impact of the global pandemic. As vaccine rollouts ramp up around the
world, we expect rising oil and gas demand, combined with continued discipline from OPEC+ and publicly
traded operators to rebalance inventories. This should be supportive of higher oil prices and solid free cash
flow across the industry.

Following a resilient 2020, the natural gas and LNG markets' longer-term demand outlook appears
increasingly positive. We anticipate future demand improving as governments around the world accelerate
the transition towards cleaner sources of energy. Accordingly, we see potential upside to our 2030 LNG
demand view, which previously called for 550 to 600 MTPA of demand by the end of the decade. Based on
recent third-party analysis and directionally supported by discussions with some of our customers, we now
see the potential 600 to 650 MTPA of global LNG demand by 2030.

Outside of oil and gas, the focus on cleaner energy sources and technology to decarbonize resource-
intense industries continues to accelerate. The U.S. is more closely aligning with Europe and other
developed nations in steering government policy to incentivize clean energy sources as well as carbon
capture technologies. We believe that these policy shifts will be crucial to supporting new industry-wide
investment in areas like renewables, green hydrogen and CCUS. With this overall macro view in mind, we
continue to believe that we are taking the right steps with our strategic priorities to position Baker Hughes
as the leader in the energy transition.

We've had a busy start to 2021, making solid progress on all 3 pillars of our strategy. On the first pillar,
to transform the core of the business, we continued to identify and remove structural costs from our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

operations as evidenced by the improvement in our OFS margins despite lower revenue. Our goal is
to continue to optimize our processes and infrastructure in order to deliver further cost reductions and
footprint consolidation in 2021.

In addition to cost-out actions, we continued to focus on portfolio optimization to narrow our focus,
streamline operations and improve overall operating efficiency. As an example, during the first quarter,
we announced an agreement with Akastor to create a joint venture company in which we will contribute
our Subsea Drilling Systems product line with Akastor's MHWirth business. This transaction helps align our
portfolio with our long-term strategic objectives. Additionally, we completed the sale of pressure pumping
assets in Argentina, which includes our hydraulic fracturing fleet, coiled tubing unit and related equipment.

On the second pillar of investing for growth, we continued to identify opportunities to expand in the
industrial sector and increase our condition monitoring and asset management offerings. To that end,
in the first quarter, we announced the acquisition of ARMS Reliability, an asset reliability services and
software company with a strong presence across a broad range of industrial sectors, including metals
and mining, power, manufacturing and utilities. The acquisition enables our Bently Nevada business to
expand further into asset performance management and to use the scale of ARMS Reliability technology,
utilizing our global footprint. This transaction further reinforces our commitment to accelerate the digital
transformation of industrial assets across an ever-increasing range of end markets.

On the third pillar of positioning for new frontiers, we took steps to build out our energy transition
offerings. We announced an exclusive license for SRI International's mixed salt process for carbon
capture. The mixed salt technology enables significant cost reductions to a more energy-efficient and
environmentally friendly carbon capture process. This provides total cost of ownership savings for energy
and industrial operators to decarbonize their operations. The mixed salt process adds to our portfolio of
capture technology development, which also includes the commercially available chilled ammonia process
and an amine-based process through our Compact Carbon Capture acquisition last year.

Additionally, we recently announced our intention to invest in the FiveT hydrogen funds alongside other
cornerstone investors, Plug Power and Chart Industries. This fund, which is targeting an ultimate size
of approximately EUR 1 billion, is designed to accelerate the infrastructure and technology investment
necessary to develop the hydrogen value chain.

We have also made progress commercially on our energy transition efforts, building a diverse portfolio
of offerings supported by scale and technology development. In the first quarter, we signed an MOU with
Horisont Energi for the Polaris carbon storage project off northern coast of Norway. Under the agreement,
we will explore the development and integration of technologies to minimize the carbon footprint, costs
and delivery time of the project.

This is a great example of what the unique Baker Hughes portfolio can bring to customers. OFS will bring
technology and services to drill and complete the injection wells. OFE will supply subsea trees, control
systems and injection risers. TPS will supply compression equipment for CO2 injection, and DS will provide
monitoring solutions. As we continue to execute on these 3 strategic pillars and our evolution as an energy
technology company, we will maintain our discipline and prioritize free cash flow and returns above our
cost of capital.

Now I'll give you an update on each of our segments. In Oilfield Services, activity has increased solidly
in select areas so far this year. The strong commodity price performance has resulted in positive signs
of further improvement across multiple regions over the course of 2021. In the international markets,
we have greater confidence in our outlook for the second half as customer conversations and project
opportunities are firming up in key markets such as the Middle East, Latin America and Russia. Based
on discussions with our customers, we still expect a recovery in international activity to be second half
weighted, which should provide strong momentum for growth in 2022.

In North America, stronger-than-expected activity in the first quarter helped us to mitigate some of the
impacts from the Texas winter storms and also provides some upside potential for the full year versus
our prior expectations. Although the rig count is moving higher, we believe that the commitment towards
capital discipline and maintenance mode spending remains intact among the public E&Ps.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

While we are pleased to see the outlook for OFS is improving somewhat faster than we anticipated,
our primary focus remains on increasing the margin and return profile of this business through
improved efficiency and portfolio actions. We continue to execute on our plan to reduce our rooftops by
approximately 100 facilities in 2021 and size our product lines appropriately for the current environment.
Overall, we believe that OFS remains on track to achieve double-digit operating income margins given the
significant structural cost reductions we have made, improved operating process and the increasing use of
remote operations.

Moving to TPS. We continue to balance our focus between new energy initiatives and current core
operations like LNG, high-technology compression applications, pumps and valves and aftermarket
services. As I mentioned earlier, our long-term outlook for demand growth in the LNG market is improving.
The resilience of demand during the pandemic, combined with the acceleration of climate commitments,
has resulted in improving optimism over the demand outlook.

This has also been reflected in our conversations with customers. As more nations such as China make
net 0 commitments, it is becoming increasingly clear that a phaseout of coal in favor of natural gas is
necessary to reach their goals as well as broader global carbon targets. Based on this outlook, we feel
increasingly confident in our expectation of 3 to 4 projects reaching FID in 2021, followed by a strong
pipeline of opportunities in 2022 and beyond.

For the non-LNG segments of our TPS portfolio, order activity remains solid with a positive outlook. During
the first quarter, we booked awards for power generation and compression equipment for multiple FPSOs
in Latin America and for a fixed platform in Asia. For TPS services, we are optimistic about the outlook for
recovery in 2021 and 2022 as customers resume spending to maintain and in some cases, upgrade their
equipment. We expect growth to be led by a recovery in transactional services and upgrades, areas that
were particularly impacted in 2020.

In our Contractual Services business, we are pleased to receive a 10-year contract extension to the
existing global service contract with Petronas Malaysia LNG project, one of the largest LNG facilities in the
world. This contract is an extension of the 40-year partnership between the TPS team and the Petronas
Malaysia LNG. The relationship has included key technology injections that have helped the customer
increase production capacity by reducing machine downtime and saving costs with extended mean time
between maintenance.

On a longer-term basis, we are optimistic on the outlook for upgrade opportunities as customers seek
to reduce carbon emissions and improve the efficiency of their equipment. As an example, in the first
quarter, we announced a cooperation agreement with NOVATEK to upgrade existing liquefaction trains
at Yamal LNG to run on hydrogen blends, supporting their emissions reduction efforts. Together with
NOVATEK, we are introducing the first solution for decarbonizing the core of LNG production, an area we
expect to grow meaningfully in the future.

Next, on Oilfield Equipment, we continue to focus on rightsizing the business and optimizing the portfolio
in the face of a challenging offshore market environment. With Brent prices moving into the 60s and a
more optimistic view for oil demand over the next few years, we continue to see the outlook for industry
subsea tree awards improving modestly in 2021, though still well below 2019 levels. Longer term, we
believe that deepwater activity will be increasingly dominated by low-cost basins and that it will be difficult
to sustain 2019 industry order levels for the foreseeable future.

As I mentioned, in the first quarter, we announced an agreement with Akastor to create a 50-50 joint
venture company to deliver global offshore drilling solutions through the combination of our SDS business
with Akastor's MHWirth business. This transaction will result in a leading equipment and services provider
with integrated delivery capabilities, financial strength, a focused and experienced management team and
the flexibility to address a full range of customer priorities.

Finally, in Digital Solutions, although our operating results were below our initial expectations, we
experienced a strong recovery in orders in the first quarter. This was primarily led by industrial end
markets as the global economy began to recover. In the first quarter, we were awarded several projects

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

that demonstrate our capabilities in emissions reduction solutions as well as our growing industrial
presence.

The Panametrics product line secured several orders with the Flare.IQ advanced flare gas monitoring and
optimization system, with contracts for oil and gas operators in North America, China and the UAE. We
signed a new agreement with a customer in the UAE to pilot our Flare.IQ technology, marking the first
deployment of Flare.IQ in the Gulf region. Our technology will enable the customers to reduce methane
emissions from flare operations and reduce its operational cost at pilot sites by delivering high-efficiency
flare combustion.

We were also pleased to secure an important award with a major aircraft engine OEM to utilize our Druck
technology to improve fuel efficiency performance, displacing a competitor. Druck's dual-channel pressure
sensor technology will enable the customer to deliver improved fuel efficiency and reliability performance.
In our Waygate Technologies business, we were awarded several orders from LG Energy Solutions to
support electric vehicle battery cell inspection across facilities in Asia and Europe.

Overall, we executed well in the first quarter, delivering strong free cash flow and making significant
progress on our strategic priorities. With a broad portfolio and a strategic focus on the rapidly changing
energy market, Baker Hughes is well positioned to take advantage of a recovery in the global economy
and the oil and gas markets near term. Longer term, we are well positioned for growth as we develop
decarbonization of solutions across multiple industries. We remain focused on driving better outcomes for
customers, executing on our strategy and delivering for our shareholders.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details.

Orders for the quarter were $4.5 billion, down 12% sequentially, driven by OFE and TPS partially offset
by an increase in Digital Solutions. Year-over-year, orders were down 18%, driven by declines in OFS and
OFE partially offset by increases in Digital Solutions and TPS. Remaining performance obligation was $23.2
billion, down 1% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $7.5 billion, down 6% sequentially, and Services
RPO ended at $15.7 billion, up 2% sequentially. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was
0.9, and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 0.8.

Revenue for the quarter was $4.8 billion, down 13% sequentially, with declines in all 4 segments. Year-
over-year, revenue was down 12%, driven by declines in OFS, OFE and Digital Solutions, partially offset by
an increase in TPS.

Operating income for the quarter was $164 million. Adjusted operating income was $270 million, which
excludes $106 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. The restructuring charges in the
first quarter relate to projects previously announced in 2020. Adjusted operating income was down 42%
sequentially and up 13% year-over-year.

Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 5.6%, down 280 basis points sequentially. Year-
over-year, our adjusted operating income rate was up 120 basis points. We are pleased with the operating
margin improvement on a year-over-year basis, which was largely driven by strong execution on our
restructuring actions and continued improvements in operating productivity.

Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $562 million, which excludes $106 million of restructuring, separation
and other charges. Adjusted EBITDA was down 27% sequentially and down 5% year-over-year. This
quarter, we began disclosing total company adjusted EBITDA in our earnings release as well as EBITDA by
reporting segment. In conjunction with this new disclosure, we filed an 8-K this morning that provides 3
years of history by quarter for both total company and reporting segment EBITDA.

Corporate costs were $109 million in the quarter. For the second quarter, we expect corporate costs to
be flat to slightly down compared to first quarter levels from continued cost-out efforts. Depreciation

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

and amortization expense was $292 million in the quarter. For the second quarter, we expect D&A to be
roughly flat sequentially and to gradually decline in the second half of the year. Net interest expense was
$74 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $69 million.

GAAP loss per share was $0.61. Included in GAAP loss per share is a $788 million loss from the change in
fair value of our investment in C3.ai, partially offset by the reversal of current accruals of $121 million due
to the settlement of certain legal matters. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.12.

Turning to the cash flow statement. Free cash flow in the quarter was $498 million. Free cash flow for the
first quarter includes $108 million of cash payments related to restructuring and separation activities. We
are particularly pleased with our free cash flow performance in the quarter. The sequential improvement
was largely driven by working capital and a lower level of cash restructuring and separation payments.

For the second quarter, we expect free cash flow to decline sequentially primarily due to less favorable
working capital trends. For the total year, we still expect free cash flow to improve significantly versus
2020 and to be in line with or better than historical levels. The drivers for free cash flow versus 2020 will
be higher operating income, modestly lower CapEx and significantly lower restructuring and separation
cash payments.

Lastly, as Lorenzo mentioned, in the first quarter, we reached an agreement with Akastor to create a joint
venture company that will bring together our Subsea Drilling Systems product line with Akastor's wholly
owned subsidiary, MHWirth. We expect the transaction to close in the second half of the year, subject to
customary closing conditions. This transaction reflects our continued focus on optimizing our portfolio.

Now I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook
going forward. In Oilfield Services, the team delivered a strong quarter in a mixed market environment.
OFS revenue in the quarter was $2.2 billion, down 4% sequentially. International revenue was down
5% sequentially, led by declines in Russia and the Middle East. North America revenue increased 1%
sequentially, with solid growth in our North America land well construction businesses, offset by declines in
Gulf of Mexico and chemicals.

For the first quarter, our production-related businesses accounted for over 60% of our total North America
revenue. Despite the 4% decline in revenue, operating income of $143 million grew 1% sequentially
while margin rate expanded 30 basis points to 6.5%. The improvement in margin rate was driven by our
restructuring and cost-out initiatives.

The OFS team executed very well on robust cost-out programs over the last year under difficult market
conditions. Despite a 30% decline in OFS revenue versus the first quarter of 2020, EBITDA margin rate for
OFS was up 110 basis points year-over-year to 15.6%.

As we look ahead to the second quarter, we expect to see a seasonal increase in international activity,
which should be followed by a stronger cyclical recovery over the second half of the year. As a result, we
expect our second quarter international revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit range on a sequential
basis. In North America, we expect the recent momentum in drilling and completion activity in the U.S.
land segment to continue. As a result, we expect growth in North American OFS revenues to be in the
mid- to high single-digit range. We expect solid and steady margin rate improvement through the year as
volumes improve and our cost-out reduction efforts yield further results.

For the full year 2021, our industry outlook has modestly improved from what we shared on our fourth
quarter earnings call. Internationally, we still expect a second half recovery in activity with positive signs
developing from multiple customers. However, without clear visibility on some of these incremental
opportunities, we expect our international revenue to be down in the mid-single-digit range on a year-
over-year basis.

In North America, the recent increase in commodity prices and strong recovery from private E&Ps
have improved the near-term outlook. As activity recovers, we believe that drilling and completion
activity is likely to be modestly higher on a year-over-year basis. We expect our North American revenue
to lag overall industry spending and rig count trends, given our portfolio mix and the exit of several
commoditized businesses last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Although commodity prices have increased and signals around customer spending and rig count are
moving in a positive direction, I want to reiterate that we will not be chasing revenue. We remain focused
on pursuing projects that are accretive to margins and returns. Given these dynamics, OFS revenue
may be down modestly for the full year, but we expect our cost-out actions to translate to a strong
improvement in OFS margins in 2021.

Moving to Oilfield Equipment. Orders in the quarter were $345 million, down 30% year-over-year and
down 39% sequentially. Revenue was $628 million, down 12% year-over-year, primarily driven by declines
in Subsea Services, Subsea Drilling Systems and the disposition of SPC flow, partially offset by growth
in SPS and flexibles. Operating income was $4 million, which is up $12 million year-over-year. This was
driven by higher volume in SPS and flexibles, along with help from our cost-out program, partially offset
by softness in services activity and Subsea Drilling Systems.

For the second quarter, we expect revenue to decrease sequentially, driven by lower SPS and flexibles
backlog conversion. We expect operating income to remain close to first quarter levels. For the full year
2021, we expect the offshore markets to remain challenged as operators reassess their portfolios and
project selection. We expect OFE revenue to be down double digits on a year-over-year basis due to the
lower order intake in 2020 and a likely continuation of a difficult offshore environment in 2021. Although
revenue will be down in 2021, our goal remains to generate positive operating income as our cost-out
efforts should offset the decline in volumes.

Next, I will cover Turbomachinery. The team delivered another strong quarter with solid execution. Orders
in the quarter were $1.4 billion, up 4% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up 28% year-over-year.
Orders this quarter were supported by awards for power generation and compression equipment from
multiple FPSOs in Latin America and for a fixed platform in Asia. Service orders in the quarter were down
9% year-over-year, primarily driven by declines in transactional services and contractual services.

Revenue for the quarter was $1.5 billion, up 37% versus the prior year. Equipment revenue was up over
100% as we continued to execute on our LNG and onshore/offshore production backlog. Services revenue
was up 6% versus the prior year.

Operating income for TPS was $207 million, up 55% year-over-year, driven by higher volume and strong
execution on cost productivity, partially offset by a higher equipment mix. Operating margin was 13.9%,
up 160 basis points year-over-year. We were very pleased with the margin rate improvement year-over-
year, particularly given the change in equipment revenue mix from 32% to 47%.

For the second quarter, we expect revenue to be roughly flat sequentially based on expected equipment
backlog conversion. With this revenue outlook, we expect TPS margin rates to be roughly flat versus the
second quarter of 2020 due to a higher mix of equipment revenue and an increase in technology spending.
For the full year 2021, we expect TPS to generate double-digit year-over-year revenue growth, driven by
equipment backlog conversion and modest growth in TPS services. We expect a higher mix of equipment
revenue to result in roughly flat margin rates year-over-year. However, we still anticipate solid growth in
operating income based on higher volumes and improved cost productivity.

Finally, in Digital Solutions. Orders for the quarter were $549 million, up 10% year-over-year. We saw
growth in orders across oil and gas and most industrial end markets while aviation remains a challenge.
Sequentially, orders were up 4%, driven by the improving global economic environment.

Revenue for the quarter was $470 million, down 4% year-over-year, primarily driven by lower volumes in
Nexus Controls, Process & Pipeline Services and Waygate Technologies. Sequentially, revenue was down
15% due to a lower opening backlog, driven by reduced order intake in 2020 as well as typical seasonality.

Operating income for the quarter was $24 million, down 17% year-over-year, driven by lower volume,
partially offset by cost productivity. Sequentially, operating income was down 68%, driven by lower
volume.

For the second quarter, we expect to see strong sequential revenue growth and operating margin rates
back into the high single digits. For the full year 2021, we expect modest growth in revenue on a year-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

over-year basis, primarily driven by a recovery in industrial end markets. With higher volumes and a
continued focus on costs, we believe DS margin rates can get back to low double digits for the full year.

Overall, we delivered a strong quarter in TPS and OFS, along with exceptionally strong free cash flow.
While we faced volume challenges in our OFE and DS businesses, we are confident in our ability to execute
as the rest of the year unfolds.

With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.

Judson Edwin Bailey
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Brian. Operator, let's open the call up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sean Meakim with JPMorgan.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So I wanted to start on free cash flow. Brian, I appreciate your comments. You walked through the moving
parts quite nicely in the prepared comments.

And typically, 1Q is seasonally challenging for collections. It sounds like your customers are feeling more
comfortable with their cash flow profiles than maybe they did in the back half of last year, but it sounds
like free cash flow will be positive even without the collections benefit. So how should we think about that
full year free cash flow expectation given the strong start?

You'd said you like expect to get back to historical levels. That sounds like maybe in the low $1 billion type
of number. Shouldn't expectations start to move higher based on how you started the year?

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Sean. Look, we are pleased with how free cash flow is pacing so far this year. And I'd say that the
framework that we laid out when we were on the call in January is still largely intact but with a couple of
positive exceptions. And you pointed out one, really driven by receivables and then some work we've been
doing around inventory. I think working capital will likely be better, and EBITDA is pacing slightly better so
far this year. So indications are pretty good for the full year free cash flow performance.

And as we've talked with you about before, we've worked a lot on improving our supply chain and working
capital processes. We've gotten a lot of systems in place, and we're becoming more efficient in managing
cash collections and inventory overall. And then I think you'll recall we pointed out, I think this is very
important, our incentive structure company-wide is really more focused on free cash flow and cash
conversion. And so look, when I put all that together, I do think there are certainly tailwinds for free cash
flow for the year.

Sean, over the course of the year, working capital can fluctuate just really depending on the dynamics
of each segment, OFS activity, TPS progress, collections, but it should be a source of cash this year. And
that's a little better than we talked about in January.

And just as a reminder, the other drivers of the backdrop of free cash flow for the year. Operating income
should be higher. CapEx should be slightly lower with the activity levels that are similar to what we've
been talking about here. While earnings are higher, cash taxes should be lower because of some of the
refunds that we have and the mix of income.

And then, as you know, the biggest thing is just the reduction in restructuring and separation-related
charges. We had $108 million in the first quarter. I'd expect the second quarter to be around the same
level, Sean, and then taper off in the second half of the year. So as you said, like the start to the year and
the progress that we've made and feel pretty good about the overall performance.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. It's very encouraging, Brian. So then, Lorenzo, thinking about OFS and OFE. These are 2 segments
where you've been really focused on transforming the operations and the portfolios to boost margins
and returns. Progress in OFS is continuing. OFE still seems to be a heavier lift. It's later cycle, it's more
offshore levered, so that's understandable. But where would you say you are in the transformation for
each in terms of operating efficiency and portfolio adjustments?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Sean, I'll jump in here first. Look, I feel really good about the momentum in margin accretion that
we've created through the cost-out actions really over the last year with Maria Claudia and the team in
OFS. And I'd say based on the actions that we've taken to date and actions we're still executing on and
the outlook that we talked about, I continue to believe that we should have operating margin rates in the
high single digits by the fourth quarter, with a real good shot at double digits.

The team is executing incredibly well. Not done with everything that we've got to do, but I think you've
seen the momentum here. And the team is still working hard at this and certainly have a lot that they've
been working on and are continuing to execute on, and I feel good about their execution capability.

So look, you should see a steady margin improvement, obviously, depending on activity levels, throughout
the course of the year in OFS. So I'd say we're well on our way. Processes are beginning to be stabilized,
and I think we're going to have a great margin business here as we continue to execute this year.

You pointed out OFS -- or sorry, OFE is a bit of a heavier lift. Pleased with the joint venture announcement
that we have. We expect that to close in the second half, and I think that's a good step in our overall
portfolio optimization.

For the remainder of OFE, we're continuing to focus on cost-out across the business as we see overall
pressure in the offshore market. We've been reducing head count and footprint to align with the lower
volumes. And I think just given the activity levels and backdrop that we see, we want to offset the volume
pressure this year with those cost-out actions. So a margin profile that's better but still not where this
business needs to be over the long term, and we'll continue to evaluate how we run it differently and
better given this market environment.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Sean, I would just add. If you look at our strategy and the 3 pillars, this really fits in the transform the
core. And the team has been doing a good job of executing on that first pillar, and it's crucial that we
continue to execute. But pleased with the performance as we're going through the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of James West with Evercore ISI.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on the solid free cash flow in the first quarter. So Lorenzo, your upgraded view of LNG was
interesting. There's some crosscurrents, of course, in the market right now with some suggesting LNG has
some stranded asset risk. We don't agree with that at all, but there's some suggestion of that.

And then, of course, our view is that LNG is our transition fuel and is -- and it could be a landed fuel even
much further in the future. And so I'm curious, your customer base, how they're thinking about LNG, why
you see -- or how you see the upgraded number that you're talking about today and the outlook overall
for LNG.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, James. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we see the long-term outlook for LNG
remaining intact and actually seeing positive upside. And so we've taken up the outlook from 600 to 650
MTPA from what we said previously for demand for 2030. And if you look at the backdrop, 2020 was very
resilient, and also coming into 2021, you're continuing to see a good demand, robust from countries such
as India, China. And there's a couple of factors at play here, really the move from coal to natural gas
given some of the commitments relative to energy transition which are going to play out.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Also, as you look at getting to 600 million to 650 million tonnes by the end of the decade from a demand
perspective, that means we've got to have approximately 700 million to 800 million tonnes of nameplate
capacity. So that suggests that we're going to have another 100 million to 150 million tonnes FID over
the course of the next 3 to 4 years. And that's an incremental 50 million to 100 million tonnes than we
indicated before. So I feel good about that outlook.

This year, we still see 3 to 4 FIDs taking place. And in the discussion with customers, there's a lot of
offtake discussions with the robust demand outlook. As you look at the backdrop, you've had some
expansions in Qatar. You've had some expansions announced in other locations. You've got some of the
North America projects that are out there commercially looking at offtake agreements. And again, it's
really encouraging to see just the announcements being made by several of the large users on the way
in which they're going to transition from coal to natural gas, which clearly applies to LNG as well. So feel
good about the outlook as we go forward.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Right. Okay. That makes perfect sense. Rod must be a pretty busy guy these days. So how should we
think about the order outlook for TPS then as we go to the next several quarters?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. As we look at TPS orders, overall, we still think the order outlook for '21 and '22 looks roughly similar
to what we booked in 2020. There could be some mix change from a year-over-year perspective. On the
LNG side, as I mentioned, 3 to 4 projects likely to move forward in 2021, followed by a robust pipeline of
LNG projects to reach FID beyond 2021. So that continues to be a positive momentum, as we've indicated
before. For non-LNG equipment, we believe there is an opportunity for 2021 to be in line with 2020. The
mix could move around a little bit between onshore and offshore and valves and other areas, but the
opportunity is roughly the same.

We're also starting to see, even though minimal in numbers, an increased traction on our offerings for
CCUS and hydrogen. There is a pickup there relative to discussions with customers. That's more forward-
looking but some of the technologies that we're bringing on to the scene getting traction, and that will
drive some possibility over the next couple of years. And then services, we're optimistic with the outlook
that we've mentioned for '21 and '22 as customers resume their maintenance activity and in some cases,
also look for upgrade equipment. So again, no real change from what we said, and it's becoming more
robust.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

I guess I'll start with CCUS. Lots of investor interest these days around CCUS. And on the capture side,
you've got one of the broadest technology offerings that include chilled ammonia, amines and also mixed
salt process technologies.

But could you maybe just take a minute and speak to your comprehensive offering today across the entire
CCUS value chain? Where are you investing more? And finally, what parts of the value chain do you think
Baker will be able to differentiate the most?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Sure, Chase. And as you said, we've been spending quite a bit of time on CCUS, and it is much
broader than just the process aspect. As you look at Baker Hughes from a portfolio perspective, I think
we're uniquely positioned because we can play across multiple areas of the value chain, if you look at it

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

from a post-combustion capture. We've also got consulting and reservoir evaluation and design as well as
then subsurface, storage, services like well construction, reservoir modeling and also, as you look at the
longer term, integrity and monitoring.

As you think about technology from a CCUS perspective, again, you've mentioned some of the carbon
capture technologies that we have. Turbomachinery, solvent-based state-of-the-art capture processes are
going to be key. The chilled ammonia process, which is commercially available already today, is going to
be ideal for large-scale projects. The Compact Carbon Capture, which is rotating bed technology, which we
acquired at the end of last year, this is going to be for smaller and mid-scale projects and key for offshore
industries as well as cement factories and different types of industries. And then, this recently announced
mixed salt process, which we mentioned during the -- SRI International license that we got, which is,
again, another process that we'll be utilizing our key equipment and allow for lower energy usage, also
reduced water and greater efficiency. So we're building a portfolio here across CCUS from a technology
standpoint as well across the value chain.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. I appreciate the color there. And maybe as a quick follow-up to this, could you maybe talk to the
addressable market across the CCUS value chain? But then maybe also speak to what you see as the
addressable market for hydrogen.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. And we announced in 2019 being an energy technology company focusing on the energy transition.
So we spent a lot of time over the course of the last 12 to 18 months evaluating the market opportunities
for ourselves as it relates to these different areas. And we've really looked at 3 things: where our
technology can play today; also, how our technology may evolve and the investments required to remain
competitive; and also, other areas in the value chain.

So talking specifically to CCUS. We look at the addressable market for ourselves to be between $35 billion
to $40 billion by 2030. Now this addressable market covers a full range of technologies that Baker Hughes
can currently offer like the carbon capture technologies we mentioned, the compression, storing and
monitoring, and also assumes really a relatively mid case of 450 million tonnes of CCUS by 2030. So feel
good about being able to play in this market, and again, it's going to be an important market for us going
forward.

On hydrogen, we've been looking at this for some time. You know we've been present in hydrogen with
some of our key technologies already. As we look out to 2030, we see an addressable market for ourselves
of $25 billion to $30 billion. I think you got to keep in mind that this is evolving, but again, it's going
to encompass a wide range of products and technologies across the value chain. And we're going to be
focused on where our higher technology solutions can be better than the conventional technology and also
address the market that way.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Marc Bianchi with Cowen.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I'd like to go back to TPS. And I think, if I heard right, the guidance for second quarter was for the margin
rate to be flat with the second quarter of 2020, which would imply like 100 basis points sequential decline
or so. And I think you mentioned that, that was related to some technology spending. So could you maybe
talk to us about the technology spending and what that's allocated towards and then how that would
progress over the remainder of the year?

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Yes. Yes, Marc. In the prepared remarks, we did talk about TPS margin throughout the year, as you
described. And I'd say, look, the thing you got to keep in mind is that as we execute on our large backlog
of projects, margin rate will likely fluctuate a little bit quarter-to-quarter, depending on the equipment/
service mix but also due to the mix of the projects in the backlog. There can be some differentiation there
just given the broad range of offerings that we have and the pretty diverse set of projects in the backlog
that range from LNG to onshore/offshore production, to industrial turbines and some ref and pet things.
So look, that's -- quarter-on-quarter, you can see some fluctuation based on that.

As far as technology goes, roughly, in 2020, we spent at the total company level about $600 million on
R&D. TPS makes up a decent portion of that given the overall end markets it serves and the new products
we're bringing to market and we're focused on. And I'd say, look, from a second quarter standpoint, we
are going to see a bit of a ramp-up across some areas in traditional markets like LNG and onshore and
offshore production but also in some of the new frontiers that you've heard us talk about, Lorenzo just
described around CCUS hydrogen and then some in energy storage.

So specifically, we've got some increased program spend in high-pressure recip compressors for hydrogen
and some more work on the hydrogen gas turbine development. We already have turbines today that run
100% on hydrogen. There's some more work that we can do to expand that to our broader turbine base.
And then, look, we're spending some more in advanced and additive manufacturing to position TPS from a
cost and a competitiveness standpoint, both in new equipment and services going forward.

So look, this -- it's a great business, a really strong franchise. You see our positioning in some key
markets. And this is an area where we think investments do make sense at this stage. And even despite
that, TPS will have a strong year from a margin and overall income standpoint.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. The next question, unrelated, I wanted to ask about the revenue commitment that you have with
C3.ai. I believe that, that was restructured lower during COVID but still is a pretty sizable number as we
go through the next few years. I'm just curious if you could tell us where you stand with that, what your
sort of visibility is to meeting or exceeding the revenue commitment and what are the consequences if you
don't.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Marc. The relationship with C3.ai remains very important to us, and it's strategic long term. Really,
the restructuring of the contract was based on the strategic element of it being a long-term relationship
and also the deployment of artificial intelligence capabilities to our customers.

We've seen good traction, good pickup. We're in a number of deployments across the industry and also
associated industries, so feel very good about the progression that we're making. We've talked about
releases of different products that we've done externally as well as the usage of C3.ai internally within
ourselves to drive our process efficiencies as well. So on pace and feel good about the future with C3.ai.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Can you hear me?

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Scott.

Scott Andrew Gruber

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I wanted to stay on the theme of less carbon-intensive LNG. The Yamal project is great to hear. Have you
started to hear from buyers or hear of buyers, particularly Asian buyers, starting to request less carbon-
intensive gas, not only just shifting from coal to gas but actually starting to request less carbon-intensive
gas? And do you think that manifests in the near future? Or will this kind of trend towards hydrogen
blends and the turbines be more operator driven?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

So Scott, as you can imagine, we've been in this industry a long time, and a number of our customers
have already started to measure the carbon intensity of their LNG cargoes. We do see a theme and a trend
that that's going to continue and as we look at also the disclosures that people are starting to make.

Customers on the back end of that, on the LNG side, we are hearing that there is a move towards more
disclosure, more transparency. And we think we can actually apply that to helping our customers because
we've got new equipment that can upgrade and reduce the carbon intensity. We've also got capabilities
around CCUS. So LNG is a destination transition fuel for the energy transition. We feel good about the
outlook, and we also feel good about the way in which we support our customers to continue to drive
lower the carbon intensity.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got you. And I just want to come back to CCUS. Obviously, you have the biggest oil company in the U.S.
talking about now potentially a mega project along the Gulf Coast. Is that something that you look to
participate with them? Are you in discussions with them?

And just for some clarification. These operators with low-carbon ventures, the primary area of overlap
with your portfolio would be just on the subsurface expertise and maybe some project engineering. Is that
correct? So it seemed like the vast majority of your offering is still in play even if you worked on a project
like this with Exxon. Is that fair?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Scott, it is fair. I would take a step back. And again, this is a space that is evolving and is an ecosystem
that will emerge. If you think of a parallel to LNG, within LNG, there's various processes that can be
utilized, an API, a ConocoPhillips, different across the board. You've got different companies as well as
different operators that have their processes. We apply our equipment to that. We integrate with their
processes. And we also apply our own processes as well where appropriate. So it is an ecosystem where
definitely we will participate and we'll work to optimize.

Also, all of these projects require, from an engineering perspective, different scale, different modules,
stick builds. And so it's going to be dependent a lot on whether it's small scale, mid-scale or large scale,
and that will evolve as we go forward. But I look at it being very similar to LNG from a marketplace as it
develops, and we'll be participating along the value chain.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Anderson with Barclays. [Operator Instructions]

Our next question comes from the line of Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley.

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I'm not sure if you guys have spoken much about this before, but I was interested with the discussion
of the Well Link service you've deployed for Saudi Aramco. Can you maybe just discuss in a little greater

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

detail what this offers relative to some of the competition out there? And then, I guess, more broadly,
what is your sort of upstream software suite that you can offer to customers these days?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So again, on the Well Link, we're very pleased with the deployment with Aramco. And it's one that
we displaced an existing competitor, and it's actually one of the largest deployments. What this allows is
visualization and also better understanding of the wells themselves and the drilling activity.

And across the board, if you look at our upstream business, we've been investing in digital capabilities
and transformation, from a remote operations perspective, from a visualization, from also an artificial
intelligence perspective to reduce downtime. We've got deployments with a number of our customers.
And so the drive here is for productivity to be enabled for our customers, and that's where we see the
continued focus with our digital investments taking place.

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. Got it. And then maybe just sticking with the digital theme. I was wondering if you could discuss the
ARMS Reliability deal and just basically how that fits into your portfolio and effectively, where you see that
adding to your offering and evolving the business over time.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, sure. And look, we're very pleased with the ARMS acquisition that we announced. It's ARMS Reliability
that really helps a broad range of industrial asset management solutions. And if you think about what
we offer today already within Bently Nevada, it's around condition monitoring, vibration. ARMS Reliability
actually provides similar capabilities in mining, metals, manufacturing and other industries.

And so as you continue to look at our expansion into other industries, applying condition monitoring,
ARMS is a great asset to have within the portfolio. So I feel very good about being able to integrate it into
our current offering as well as then laying the platform for System 1, Orbit 60 and ARMS together as an
offering to our customers to drive their productivity.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chris Voie with Wells Fargo.

Christopher F. Voie
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess thanks for the EBITDA color that we got now across the segments. The 15.6% EBITDA margin
in OFS, just curious if you can give a little bit of color on where that is expected to go over the long
term. Obviously aiming for some improvement over the course of this year, but what would you think a
normalized EBITDA margin should be for Baker's OFS business?

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Chris. Look, as I said, pleased with how Maria Claudia and the team have been transforming the
business. And from a normalized EBITDA margin standpoint, look, there's no reason this business should
not be a 20% EBITDA margin business. So Maria Claudia and the team feel confident that with the actions
they are taking, they've got line of sight to get there, and it should be at that level.

Christopher F. Voie
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe one more, coming back to LNG. Obviously, a lot of good pieces
coming together here over the next few years, probably 3 to 4 projects this year, robust after that on the
revenue side.

Maybe if you could talk about the prospects for EBIT going forward past '21. So obviously, some growth
this year on flat margins. But as the business progresses and given your visibility into services revenues
and equipment, do you expect EBIT growth in '22 and after that?

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Look, I'd point out a couple of things. I'd say, as we said this year, we do expect solid growth in
operating income based on the higher volume even though mix might be a bit of a headwind from an
equipment standpoint, from a rate standpoint.

The other thing I would point out is services -- we are starting to see services pick up a bit. I mean
the first quarter service orders in TPS were slightly ahead of 1Q '19 levels, which is, I think, a good
indicator. Based on what Lorenzo talked about from LNG order intake and the overall order set, feel good
about rebuilding the backlog for equipment. We just booked a large extension on a contractual services
agreement in TPS. So our RPO remains robust at about $13.5 billion for services. So look, I'd say in '22,
when I put all that together, I'd expect service revenue to continue to grow.

Depending on how orders play out this year and final backlog conversion, equipment orders could be
flattish or modestly down, again depending on timing of how orders come in and the pace of backlog
conversion over the next 18 months. And so in this scenario, revenue would be flat or slightly down, but
margin, I think, would improve and show some growth in operating income.

So look, I mean, I think the backdrop from a market standpoint is pretty solid for TPS from where I sit
today. Services is showing some nice indication, as I mentioned here. And I think the backdrop for '22
margin progression looks pretty good sitting here today.

Operator

This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Lorenzo
Simonelli for any further remarks.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks. And I thought I'd just leave you with some closing thoughts here. And firstly, we're pleased
with the first quarter results. We generated strong free cash flow, continue to drive forward our cost-out
efforts, and we took meaningful steps in the execution of our strategy to lead the energy transition.

We're going to continue to execute on our strategy of becoming an energy technology company through
the 3 strategic pillars of transforming the core, investing for growth and positioning for new frontiers in
areas like CCUS, hydrogen and energy storage. As we execute on our strategic pillars and we continue the
evolution as an energy technology company, we will maintain our discipline and prioritize free cash flow
and returns.

Thanks a lot. We look forward to speaking to you again soon. Operator, you can end the call.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You
may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

