Bank of America Corporation NYSE:BAC
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 15, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.60

0.40

(33.33 %)

0.56

2.12

2.42

Revenue  (mm)

22656.86

22911.00

1.12

21252.83

86007.49

85685.91

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-15-2020 1:15 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.71

0.68

0.69

0.60

0.74

0.75

0.74

0.40

4.23 %

10.29 %

7.25 %

(33.33 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

E. Lee McEntire
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew D. O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Vivek Juneja
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Bank of America earnings announcement. [Operator
Instructions] Please note, this call may be recorded. [Operator Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to turn today's conference over to Lee McEntire, Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

E. Lee McEntire
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you, Catherine. Thanks for joining the call to review our first quarter results. By
now, I hope everybody's had a chance to review the earnings release documents that are available on the
Investor Relations section of the bankofamerica.com website.

For the many years I've been in IR, I've always joined the other speakers in the same room as we
presented earnings. But this quarter, we, like all of you, are practicing -- following safe physical distancing
protocols, and we're joining this morning from different locations.

So first, I'll turn the call over to our CEO, Brian Moynihan, for some opening remarks. And then I'll ask
Paul Donofrio, our CFO, to cover the quarter briefly before turning back to Brian to moderate a question
session. So hopefully, this will make the session go a little bit smoother.

Before I turn the call over to Brian, let me remind you we may make forward-looking statements during
this call. For further information on forward-looking comments, please refer to either our earnings release
documents, our website or our SEC filings.

Over to you, Brian.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Lee, and good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining us to review our results. It has
been an eventful quarter, but I hope all of you are safe and your families are well during this war on the
COVID virus.

As you think about our quarter, our decade-plus-long discipline of responsible growth has resulted in us
strengthening our balance sheet, and making investments in technology and people and talent over the
decade has helped us prepare for this environment.

Today, we're going to do 3 things with you: first, I'm going to provide a couple of high-level thoughts
on the quarter; second, I'm going to make sure you know how we're supporting our teammates, our
customers, our communities and delivering for you, our shareholders, during this crisis; and third, Paul will
cover the results in more detail.

I'll start this discussion by covering the chart on Slide 2, along with the comments on Slide 3, which go
with the chart. Given the volatility in the last couple of months in the global slowdown, I'm proud of Bank
of America and our team's results. I want to thank my 209,000 teammates across our company for all of
their efforts this quarter, both in the front line roles and support functions. It's been a company-wide effort
to continue to our serve customers well during these times.

As I said many times, we're in a war against the COVID-19. And in Bank of America, we're doing our
part to help fight the effects of that war. We do that by living our purpose. We're helping people manage
their financial lives through this crisis. My teammates know they're playing a critical role for their clients,
whether the people or their companies of all different sizes and institutional investors. Their role is to help
keep the economy moving as best we can during this health care crisis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

Their roles -- we have seen major disruption in the financial markets that affected every line of business
as customers move to stay-at-home status through voluntary and involuntary measures. In the United
States and around the world, governments have responded to historic measures in a very short period of
time. Central banks, governments and others have responded to provide tremendous liquidity in the -- to
keep the markets functioning and to protect individuals and businesses at an historic scale.

The bank industry continues to play a vital role. We're well capitalized with strong liquidity, and we have
helped transmit the benefits of these programs as well as our own measures in the economy end markets.
So let's cover our first quarter performance.

In the first quarter of 2020, Bank of America produced $4 billion of after-tax earnings. This include
building our loan loss reserve by $3.6 billion over charge-offs, and that's due to the economic deterioration
of the global economy as a result of the virus. Earnings per share were $0.40. Earnings were down $3.3
billion from last year. This was led by the reserve build.

I think it's useful to draw your attention to the pretax, pre-provision income line as we believe it helps
illustrate the underlying earnings power of the company to support the credit costs that are inevitable in
the downturn. We produced $9.3 billion of pretax, pre-provision income in the first quarter of 2020. That
was down 5% from the first quarter of 2019. That is relatively strong given the changes in interest rates
that have occurred, the widening credit spreads and other changes across the past 12 months, particularly
in the last quarter or so.

During this period, we maintained our strong balance sheet. Global Markets clients' needs for liquidity
temporarily increased our balance sheet during the quarter by as much as $130 billion from year-end. But
through the efforts of Tom Montag and team, we ended the quarter marginally up.

Small business originations, not from any of the special programs, were $2.4 billion during this quarter,
showing support for that segment of the economy. We also met our larger commercial borrowing
customers' demands with commercial loans increasing $67 billion as clients drew down against their
unfunded commitments and new commitments were made.

In addition to these fundings, which reduced commitments, we also had requests for new commitments.
Remember, some of the commitments that we're making are for clients like grocers, health care
companies and others who need liquidity because of the rising demand for their services during this time.

At the same time, we returned $7.9 billion in capital to our shareholders. And as you know, during the
quarter, we voluntarily chose us to suspend the buyback portion of those distributions to share capital for
expected customer growth. We did all that in our common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.8%, still finished 130
basis points above 9.5% minimum.

From our liquidity standpoint, we ended the period with $700 billion in liquidity, increasing $120 billion
from year-end. Driving that increase was deposits increasing $149 billion, far exceeding our $67 billion
expansion in our loan portfolio.

Moving away from the balance sheet and on to earnings, a couple of highlights I'd point out. NII finished
a bit better than expected at $12.3 billion on an FTE basis, flat with fourth quarter. Capital markets
revenue was strong. Sales and trading revenues, excluding DVA, were up 22% year-over-year, and
investment banking fees were up 10% year-over-year. We had a record quarter in Fab Gallo's equities
trading business.

Our noninterest expense was a touch better than expected as well at $13.5 billion. Net charge-offs
remained low at a little more than $1 billion, up $163 million from last quarter, driven by an uptick in
commercial. Obviously, returns for the quarter moved lower given the reserve build. Return on tangible
common equity was 8.3%.

Let's turn to Slide 4. Just as important as our financial results this quarter is what we're doing to take care
of our teammates and to help clients and communities impacted by the virus. We do this not only because
it's the right thing to do, but also in the end, it will benefit you, the shareholder. Many of our teammates
are on the front lines of this effort, including daily engagement with clients, whether it's in our financial

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

centers, which remain open; financial advisers guiding our clients through the turbulent times; or the
capital liquidity we're providing the companies across the businesses.

To be able to do all these great things to support clients, our first priority since the crisis was address the
health and safety our teammates. We've taken a teammate-centric view of our efforts because it's the
right thing to do, and we need these teammates to do a great job for the clients. We've taken extensive
measures in our business continuity work to prevent teammate exposure to the virus. We've established
multiple locations for important work of our trading operations and call center platforms and otherwise
enabled social distancing by moving more than 150,000 people to work from home. That means ensuring
that they have appropriate tools and resources, and we have the appropriate control protocols for them
to do their day-to-day work. To give you a sense of scale, we have deployed about 90,000 laptops in the
last 60 days across the company. We moved quickly to assure social distancing in our facilities that are still
open, installed additional protective barriers in all our branches and outstanding operations environments
and posted health care professionals to our facilities to help anybody.

We're also taking measure to help our employees better handle the stresses in their personal lives.
You can see some highlights here. One example has been our increased child care support. We allow
teammates to hire relatives and others so they can work given school and daycare outages.

Our life event services team provides teammates of personalized support, resources, tools and access
to benefits. And we're providing special compensation to teammates in the financial centers, operation
centers and call centers. We also hired 2,000 teammates in March to continue to increase the staffing we
need, especially in the consumer-related areas to handle our clients' needs. And we announced that there
will be no layoffs during 2020 of our teammates.

Our previous announced $20 an hour minimum compensation is now in effect and reflect the numbers
you're seeing across the company. And we confirmed our commitment to bring on our 3,000 young kids
from summer jobs -- for summer jobs and starting their first job whether graduating college or graduate
school.

Taking care of the employees is the right thing to do, enables each to play the important role they must
provide as critical providers of services to help the economy keep rolling through the virus. We're doing
that in many ways. In addition to keeping our financial center open and the many things I mentioned
earlier, we're doing more to our clients for these times.

Customers who are struggling to make their payments are calling the bank with deferral request on loans
and fees and waiver fees as in other disruptive events that we've done for hurricanes, earthquakes,
tornadoes and other things over time. We work with them. Since this -- the humanitarian crisis began, we
received more than 1 million requests for assistance through early April. We've seen the volume of the
deferrals, however, reduced since the peak a week or 2 ago. And we'll see where it goes next.

We provide a chart on the material beginning on Slide 5 about the deferrals. As you can see in our case,
the largest number of requests has come from cardholders. But as a percentage of loans, we have
the most requests from our small business clients. These clients are at the heart of the governmental
programs and are also at the heart of businesses that were shut down due to the stay-at-home orders by
governments.

One of the things that's different about this business for us is it lends to doctors, dentists and others. They
have deferred payments until they can reopen their practices. We're a leading lender to them, and you'll
see those recover as they go back to business.

Our mortgage requests remain relatively low in volume. And some of our customers -- for all our
customers, we've also suspended foreclosures or repossessions on autos, which may have been pending.

Our affluent clients are also looking for our company in these turbulent times. We've been there for
clients with both upgraded systems and capabilities to allow them to trade a centralized investment office,
supplementing 20,000 advisers' capabilities to talk to the clients and give advice and counsel. Client
engagement during the quarter was up 2/3 from last year even as these -- our advisers work from home.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

For small business clients, we built the first digital platform for the PPP program, and we launched it 12
days ago. The team is working hard to drive over 300,000 requests for funding through the process, so
that we can get those loans funded.

As stated earlier, our regular way -- small business support was over $2 billion in the quarter. For larger
clients, we provided $67 billion in access or in funded commitments. Imagine the speed and capacity that
our team did to absorb the requests so quickly and get them funded over the course of the quarter. These
commitments are a much-needed liquidity bridge for many clients, especially in light of the rapid changes
that occurred in March in the commercial paper markets and in debt markets. As those markets opened
up, we also saw a strong debt capital markets issuance to support clients. In fact, March ended up being
the busiest month ever for U.S. high-grade market with approximately $260 billion of total issuances. The
previous record was $171 billion, and we led the market. April has continued this busy pace, and it's been
good to see that access is expanding to high-yield clients.

For our institutional trading clients, we have provided an operationally sound system with improving
speeds of trading. On a single day, we had a $1.7 trillion in payment value made. Again, the investments
made over the past years to our trading platforms delivered more speed and capacity to make that
possible and all doing while remain -- maintaining good controls.

The clients we serve in that business had severe -- witnessed severe volatility in markets, and we are
providing more liquidity when they need it. Since the month-end spike, you can see that Tom -- since the
mid-month spike, Tom and the team managed the balance sheet into the place we need to be at the end
of the quarter.

Lastly, to assure communities around the U.S. where we live and work got some assistance before the
government money came to help, we announced $100 million donation to fight -- to help fight the virus
outcomes and supply vital support across those communities. Our market presence and other leaders are
playing a vital role in this critical action.

We've also increased our capital -- community development financial institutions by $250 million on top
of our industry-leading $1.5 billion commitment to these institutions. As we discussed each quarter and
frequently over the last decade, we've transformed our company so we can serve clients consistently
across all areas. We've added a slide in the appendix to remind you how much the company has improved
its balance sheet position and risk profile since the last crisis.

The results of the stress testing illustrate our preparedness that we're now being tested in a new
environment. We didn't know what economic challenges might cause us to have to demonstrate
this resilience, and that challenge is upon us now. I remain very proud of what my teammates have
accomplished across every dimension to help us be ready, and I'm proud of the part they're playing to
help the world win this war against this virus.

An area that we focused on also is consumer spending. We've seen a shift in consumer payments, and this
is on slide -- beginning on Slide 6. Overall, a couple of months ago, in a healthy U.S. economy, payments
were running at a high single digit. In fact, in some cases, a low double-digit percentage increase over the
same period prior of 2020 January and February versus 2019 January and February.

And in fact, that would have shown that the economy this quarter probably was going to grow faster than
people expected. That changed as the virus spread, and you can see that impact here on Slide 6. We saw
a severe immediate decline in discretionary payments for travel, leisure and other things that you've read
about in entertainment that you expected. This was followed immediately by large increases in payments
for necessities around groceries and staples like health supplies, et cetera. Then as large cities and states
began to move to voluntary and mandated stay-at-home status orders, we saw large declines in debit and
credit card spending into other categories.

At the same time, we've also noted a stabilizing going on and the level of payments in other areas like
ACH cash, wires and P2P payments. The broader measure is the black line in the chart. As you can see,
overall client payments have declined but remained at a high single-digit pace year-over-year, moving
down from double-digit pace to around 8%. The total movement in the U.S. has been pulled down

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

by a significant decline in the card spending, which is more than -- which have been affected by the
travel, entertainment and other related areas in retail areas. And that's gone from 7% to 8% to only 2%
increases in the month of March, and it has fallen into negative territory in April.

The overall spending, however, of all types of spending in our customers seems to have stabilized in the
last few weeks. During mid-April, we're seeing spending run at about a low $50 billion average level
compared to a $60 billion average level before the crisis. That's per week spending. We'll see how that
plays out through this quarter, and that stability may provide insight to the level of economy activity in a
shutdown status.

Our digital bank capabilities have helped with both customer service and sales, while our financial center
visits are down and sales are down because of that. We've seen consumer digital logins remain steady
as people manage their financial lives on a digital basis. Digital sales are down, but they're now running
about 50% of the total sales.

Our loan production for cards, mortgage and other products has fallen week by week. Through the first
2 weeks of April, comparing that to the February average levels, we're seeing them down 55% for card
origination, 40% for mortgage and 60% for autos. Again, we're watching to see these stabilize at some
level of activity even given the shutdown economy. And we'll keep watching that as states, cities and the
federal government focuses on reopening the economy.

On Slide 7, you can see the couple of charts shown in the commercial loan draw velocity and deposits
in March. In total, we saw a $67 billion increase in commercial loans due to draws from the commercial
clients in the month of March. 45% of these fundings came from large commercial clients, 40% from --
were from large corporate bank customers and the remainder was spread across all the businesses. As for
the asset quality, what we funded, 92% of these were collateralized or were made to investment-grade
clients, and less than $100 million were made to clients whose loans became nonperforming. The draws
were well diversified by industry and were largely driven by U.S. borrowers.

From a capital standpoint, we're already at risk weighting these commitments at 50% under standardized
capital. So the additional impact to CET1 from these draws was roughly 25 basis points for the quarter.

The draw activity was pretty normal through the first week of March but ramped up in the second week
before peaking in the third week of the month. The requests have come down in every 1 of the last 3
weeks. And as we've seen, we turned into April, draw request, new credit requests have mitigated these
-- at these levels. We're seeing clients' attentions turn from securing liquidity to more structured view of
their capital position and their needs to better understand how they will prosper and fare in the COVID-19-
impacted business model.

We observed earlier that the commercial paper market froze in the middle of the quarter as new rounds of
the virus worsened. Clients were unable to access the CP markets. As the Fed announced the programs,
we saw that market stabilize. And over time here, we've seen it lengthen out, so draws can be for long
periods of time.

It's worth noting since we have one of the premier global treasury services platforms in the world, we saw
many of those draws come back in our balance sheet as deposits, where the -- 75% of the loan draws
were not used for other paydowns ended up as deposits with our company. In addition to that, at the
bottom of the slide, you can see the growth in deposits by every line of business.

Global Banking deposits rose $94 billion, which is unusual for sure. We also saw a $32 billion increase in
commercial -- consumer deposits, with 65% of that being checking. That has been our normal. In fact, it's
the 28th quarter of the last 29 that we've had year-over-year growth of $20 billion or more in Consumer
Banking deposits. Wealth management deposits reflect a flight to cash in the first quarter but have been
stabilizing last year as you can see in the charts Paul will show you later.

So with that, let me turn it over to Paul.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone. I am beginning on Slide 8 with the balance sheet. Overall,
compared to the end of Q4, the balance sheet expanded $186 billion driven by an increase in deposits
of $149 billion. Deposit growth in excess of our loan growth was invested primarily in cash or cash
equivalents.

As Brian mentioned, the team did an incredible job of not only providing our Global Markets clients'
needed liquidity from a mid-March spike but also reducing those levels by the end of the quarter.
Shareholders' equity of $265 billion was stable with year-end but included some offsetting factors. AOCI
increased $6.5 billion, reflecting several factors but was driven by a $4.8 billion improvement in the
valuation of AFS debt securities. Offsetting this increase to equity were 2 items: share repurchases and
common dividends of $7.9 billion exceeded our $4 billion of earnings, given the reserve build this quarter.
And as a reminder, we booked a reduction in equity on January 1 by adopting CECL.

Now with respect to CECL, we elected the 5-year transition option made available under the Fed rule to
delay any capital effects of CECL until 2022. The January 1 reserve build plus Q1's $3.6 billion build equate
to a total increase in the reserve of $6.9 billion since year-end. Assuming no regulatory relief, including
the original relief planned for day 1 adoption, our CET1 ratio would be 22 basis points lower than we
reported. The relief received in late March accounted for 12 of the 22 basis points.

As you know, a portion of the CET1 impact of future reserve increases or decreases during the emergency
period will also be delayed until 2022. Beginning in Q1 of 2022, we will begin phasing in the 22 basis point
reduction for these impacts in equal quarterly amounts through 2025.

With respect to our CET1, our CET1 standardized ratio declined 40 basis points to 10.8% driven by a $70
billion increase in RWA. Increases in counterparty risk in Global Markets and increased loan revolver draws
in Global Banking drove the RWA increase.

Lastly, our TLAC ratios remain comfortably above our requirement. Given the time constraints and Brian's
points earlier on ending deposits, I will skip the discussion on average deposits on Slide 8 and move to
Slide 9. Earlier, Brian also discussed our loan growth near the end of the quarter, which was driven by
revolver draws. Some of that growth affected the growth of average loans presented on Slide 10. Q2
should further reflect this late quarter growth.

Year-over-year, average growth has been consistently in the mid-single-digit range, and early Q1 trends
were similar to that. Note the significant increases across consumer and GWIM, which was driven by
residential mortgage, given continued low interest rates.

This quarter, we originated $19 billion in first mortgage loans, retaining 94% on our books. We continue to
see good follow-through on a large pipeline, but apps are down in the past couple of weeks.

I would also note, credit card balances, average credit card loans were down a bit more than the typical
seasonality given the drop-off in consumer spending late in the quarter, while customer payment rates
continued at a fairly steady pace. Given the significant drop in card spending, we expect card balances to
decline further in Q2.

Okay. Turning to Slide 11 and net interest income. On a GAAP non-FTE basis, NII in Q1 was $12.1 billion,
$12.3 billion on an FTE basis and was relatively flat compared to Q4 '19. One less day of interest and
lower asset yields driven by lower rates negatively impacted NII this quarter. Two primary things offset
these negative impacts: first, we saw good loan and deposit growth; second, lower rates reduced the cost
of our long-term debt and improved our funding costs in Global Markets. The lower rates also allowed us
to price our deposits more efficiently in wealth management and Global Banking.

Before I discuss our forward view of NII, I want to emphasize that future NII results will be influenced
by interest rates as well as loan and deposit balances, which will likely be highly influenced by the virus'
impact on the economy. Both of these drivers have been volatile and may continue to be.

In terms of the forward guidance, as you know, interest rates dropped significantly over the past 90 days.
On the short end, 1-month LIBOR, which impacts variable rate loan pricing; as well as longer-term rates,
which impact mortgage and mortgage-related assets, have both dropped nearly 80 basis points on a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

spot basis. As you think about our NII for the rest of the year, I would point you to the asset sensitivity
disclosure for our banking book at 12/31 before we experienced these rate declines.

Banking book sensitivity from an instantaneous parallel drop of 100 basis points in rate at that time was
estimated to reduce NII by $6.5 billion over the following 12 months. Since these rates moved less than
100 basis points, the change in NII over the next 12 months is likely to be less than $6.5 billion.

I would also note some additional items to consider that are expected to mitigate some of that decline.
First, we have grown both loans and deposits significantly more than what would have been assumed in
that asset sensitivity at year-end. Second, our deposit pricing actions have been pretty swift. And last, the
asset sensitivity of the banking book does not include the benefits to NII of the trading book, which is a
little liability sensitive.

With that said, we would expect the largest decline in NII over the balance of 2020 to impact Q2 as the
bulk of the repricing of our variable rate loans should happen fairly quickly. Considering all these factors,
particularly the virus' impact on the economy and interest rates, we believe NII could approach $11 billion
in Q2 and then begin to stabilize with loan and deposit growth mitigating the negative impacts of longer-
term asset repricing.

Turning to Slide 12 and expenses. At $13.5 billion this quarter, expenses were up 2%. They were 2%
higher than Q1 '19 as increased investments throughout 2019 in people, real estate and technology
initiatives were partially offset by savings from operational excellence initiatives. Compared to Q4 '19,
expense increased roughly $250 million, reflecting nearly $400 million in seasonally elevated payroll tax
expense.

With respect to our outlook, we are still assessing the impacts, both positive and negative, that the virus
has had on the company's expenses and as such, are not in a position to provide any updates to our
previous expectation that expense would be in the mid-$53 billion range this year. As a reminder, that
mid-$53 billion number was before considering the dissolution of our BAMS JV and surrounding actions.

With respect to impacts of the pandemic, on the one hand, there are many costs that declined such as
travel, meeting costs, lodging, conferences and lower power costs for unused facilities. Incentives will
align with financial performance and market levels. But on the other hand, as you heard Brian mention
earlier, there are costs associated with protecting, supporting and rewarding our employees during this
health crisis, including spending -- suspending headcount reductions related to COVID for the rest of
2020. We also have costs from the setup, operation and cleaning of backup facilities for trading and other
activities. This would include the cost of computers and other supplies and expenses to reposition 150,000
associates to work from home.

Okay. Turning to asset quality on Slide 13. Our underwriting standards have been responsible and strong
for years now, and we expect this strength to differentiate us as we advance through this health crisis. For
years now, we have been focused on client selection and getting paid appropriately for the risk we take.

As you all know, what really impacts banks in recession is not the loans put on your books during stress
but rather the quality of your portfolio booked during the years leading up to stress. One independent
indicator of the relative quality of our balance sheet is the Federal Reserve's annual CCAR stress test. Our
net charge-off ratio under those stress tests has been lower than peers in 6 of the last 7 years, and our
consistent focus on asset quality has been reflected in our results for many years now.

Adjusted for the recoveries of loan sales in some periods as described before, we have reported net
charge-offs between $900 million and $1 billion for many quarters. Total net charge-offs this quarter
were $1.1 billion or 46 basis points of average loans. Net charge-offs rose $163 million from Q4 driven by
commercial losses with the largest contribution coming from energy exposure. We saw a small seasonal
increase in card losses. Provision expense was $4.8 billion. Our reserve build of $3.6 billion reflects the
expected increase in life of loan losses given the weaker current and expected economic conditions as a
result of the virus.

On Slide 14, we break out the credit quality metrics for both consumer and commercial portfolios. Q1
is too early to see any significant effects of COVID on net charge-offs. However, there were a couple of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

leading indicators of deteriorating asset quality in our commercial portfolio due to the virus as both NPLs
and reservable criticized exposures increased.

On the consumer front, COVID's effect on asset quality were less observable. This is likely due to deferral
offers extended to consumer borrowers. Moving forward, we believe deferrals, coupled with government
stimulus for individuals and small businesses, should aid in minimizing future losses. Having said that,
given the rise in unemployment claims, we do expect consumer losses to increase later this year and
potentially into 2021.

Turning to Slide 15. This table provides a full picture of our allowance increase since 12/31/19, including
the 1/1/20 implementation of CECL as well as this quarter's build given the worsening economic
conditions. As you can see, our allowance, including reserves for unfunded commitments, was $10.2 billion
at year-end and now stands at $17.1 billion. That is nearly a $7 billion increase or 67% since year-end.

Note that we ended Q1 with an allowance to loan and leases of 1.51%. I would also note the increase in
the coverage ratio for credit card increased to 8.25%. And the coverage ratios for U.S. commercial and
commercial real estate increased to 1.11% and 2.16%, respectively. These ratios reflect our underwriting
standards over the past 10 years as well as our loan mix with a large concentration of secured consumer
loans.

We sized the increase to our allowance in the quarter by weighting a number of different scenarios,
all of which assumed a recession of various depth and longevity, including an assumption of some tail
risk similar to what is in the severely adverse scenarios. A weighting of these scenarios produced a
recessionary outlook, which includes a marked drop in GDP in Q2. Growth recovers slowly from there
with the negative growth rates in GDP extending well into 2021. Obviously, there are many unknowns,
including how government fiscal and monetary actions will impact the outcome and how our own deferral
programs will impact losses, or perhaps the biggest unknown is how long economic activity and conditions
will be significantly impacted by the virus.

Okay. Turning to the business segments and starting with Consumer Banking on Slide 16. Consumer
Banking earned $1.8 billion. Results were impacted by COVID-19 through lower rates, higher provision
expense and modest fee reductions. As you know, banking is considered an essential service. And across
the country, we have kept more than 75% of our financial centers opened.

In addition, we've added personnel to service calls and manage digital interactions, not only with respect
to existing products and services but also on small business applications to the Paycheck Protection
Program. Many of these additional personnel are working from home.

While net income declined 45% from Q1 19, it's worth noting that pretax, pre-provision income declined
12%. Revenue declined driven by lower interest rates as well as the impact of COVID-19. Aside from the
higher provision costs, consumer fees also reflected modestly lower consumer spending and fee waivers
beginning late in the quarter.

We continued to invest in the franchise, driving expenses up 3% year-over-year. We added new and
renovated financial centers, salespeople and increased minimum wages, plus the additional associates
added to service calls I just mentioned. The expense of these investments continued to be mitigated by
process improvements, digitalization and technology improvements. Investments supported continued
growth in loans as well as deposits. As a result, our cost of deposits declined to 150 basis points.

Client momentum continued as we saw average deposits increase $40 billion from Q1 '19. Average loans
increased 8%, and we continue to add consumer investment accounts and saw solid flows into our Merrill
Edge platform.

Let's skip Slide 18 as I think I covered much of the trends on Slide 17 already. The ability of our customers
to connect through digital banking has never been more important. As you can see on Slide 18, all aspects
of digital engagements continued to increase with 1/3 of sales now processed through digital channels.
And as you heard, that moved higher in the last few weeks of the quarter. We learned a lot from our
digital, auto and mortgage experiences. And what we learned enabled us to quickly launch a digital
pathway for our small businesses to apply for loans in the Paycheck Protection Program.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

Turning to wealth -- turning to Global Wealth & Investment Management on Slide 19. Here again, we saw
lower rates and COVID-19-related credit cost impact, an otherwise solid quarter. Note the impact of lower
market levels in March. Those impacts did not impact Q1 AUM fees as March fees were calculated based
upon market levels at the end of February.

Merrill Lynch and the Private Bank both continue to grow clients as well as remain a provider of choice
for affluent clients. Net income of $866 million was down 17% from Q1 '19. But here again, pretax, pre-
provision income was down a more modest 4%.

Revenue grew 2% year-over-year as a strong increase in AUM fees and brokerage fees were partially
offset by a decline in NII as a result of lower interest rates. Expenses increased from revenue-related
incentives as well as investments we made in the past 12 months in sales professionals, technology and
our brand.

Okay. Let's skip Slide 20 and move to Global Banking on Slide 21. The early impacts of COVID-19 were
more evident in this segment. First, LIBOR fell rapidly in March, impacting loan yields. At the same time,
revolver draws didn't happen until late in the quarter and will likely be more fully reflected in Q2 averages
of our loans and NII. Lastly, COVID-related credit costs are higher in this segment as the reserve build was
more heavily weighted to commercial loans. The business earned $136 million, which included adding $1.9
billion to the allowance for credit losses.

On a pretax, pre-provision income basis, results declined 21% driven by lower interest rates and by
roughly $450 million of net markdowns and the value of loans and underwritten commitments recorded at
fair value in our capital markets books and FPO book.

On the positive side, in Q1, we were able to improve our investment banking revenue and market share.
We generated $1.4 billion in investment banking fees this quarter, a 10% increase year-over-year. In fact,
despite a 20% year-over-year decline in the volume of investment banking transactions across all banks,
we processed 9% more transactions in Q1 than the previous year.

Growth in investment banking fees, loans and deposits reflected not only what we believe to be a flight to
quality in uncertain times but also the addition of hundreds of bankers over the past few years, increasing
and improving client coverage.

Turning to Slide 22. Brian covered the most important points around loan and deposit growth. I just want
to reiterate one point. We believe companies viewed us as a safe haven in this period of stress. Quarter-
over-quarter, on an ending basis, deposits increased $94 billion, while loans increased $58 billion. Not only
were we able to capture as deposits the bulk of the cash that customers drew on the revolvers that wasn't
used to pay down debt or for other purposes, we were also able to attract buildings more in additional
deposits even as pricing deposits lower with falling rates.

Turning to Slide 23. As in consumer and GWIM, our digital capabilities are more important and useful than
ever, enabling clients to work from home and seamlessly manage their treasury needs. And it's no surprise
that in this environment, we continue to see increased use of these capabilities.

Switching to Global Markets on Slide 24. As I usually do, I will talk about results excluding DVA. Despite
the volatility experienced in the quarter, Global Markets produced $1.5 billion of earnings in Q1, a 34%
increase year-over-year. Year-over-year revenue was up 15% from both higher sales and trading results
and improved investment banking fees. Expense was up a more modest 2% year-over-year on a higher
related -- revenue-related costs.

Within revenue, sales and trading improved 22% year-over-year driven by a 39% improvement in equities
and a 13% increase in FICC in a significantly more volatile market environment when compared to Q1
last year. FICC revenue reflected better trading performance across macro products, offsetting weaker
performance in credit-sensitive products resulting from widening credit spreads, which impacted asset
prices. Equity revenue of $1.7 billion was a record for the company.

All right. Skipping Slide 25 and moving to All Other on Slide 26. All Other reported a loss of $492 million.
The loss reflects approximately $500 million for several valuation reductions, including marks on derivative

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

positions and certain noncore securities, which were impacted by wider spreads toward the end of the
quarter.

Our effective tax rate this quarter was 11.5%. It included the impact of a fairly normal level of tax credits
from our commitment to sustainable energy products and other ESG efforts, many of which are tax-
advantaged. Applying this fairly normal level of tax credits against a lower pretax earnings base resulted
in a lower tax rate. It's just math. For the full year, I would expect the ETR to be in the range of 14% to
15%.
Okay. With that, I think we'll open it up to questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question today from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Thank you very much for all the detail and insight, in particular, your slide that talked about the
percentage of folks who have been asking for deferrals is extremely interesting as well as the detail on the
reserving analysis.

My question has to do with how you thought about that reserving analysis. I know we've been through
stress tests here for 10 years now, and it would just be helpful to understand how you decided to size this
very significant increase in the reserve and how you think it trajects from here.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

All right. Paul, why don't you hit that, please?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Sure. So I mean let me ask the last part -- answer the last part first. We put a reserve on our balance
sheet that we think reflects the information that we had at the end of Q1. And so in terms of what's going
to happen in the future, that reserve is going to go up or down based upon the facts and circumstances
and our view of the future when we get to the end of Q2.

I think when you think about reserves, you got to really focus on loan mix and the quality of the portfolio.
And then you have the added variable under CECL of everybody coming up with a view of the future.

We sized our reserve build in Q1 by weighting a number of economic scenarios, all of which assumed a
recession of various depths and longevity. And that included assuming some tail risk similar to what's in
the severely adverse scenarios.

So when we weighted a scenario that produced clearly a recessionary outlook, which included a significant
drop in GDP in the second quarter with negative GDP growth rates extending well into 2021, we also
considered the impact of various groups of credits and stressed industries. And while small relative to the
impact of scenario weighting, we incrementally factored that analysis into the sizing of our reserve build.

Obviously, there are many unknowns, including how government, fiscal and monetary actions will impact
the outcome, but we can try to consider that as well. And we also had to consider how our own deferral
programs will impact losses. But perhaps the biggest unknown is how long economic activities and
conditions will be significantly impacted by the virus.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

So Betsy, I might add a couple of things. If you sort of benchmark -- this has nothing to do with setting
under the GAAP, but just sort of, okay, now you have it, let's look at it. I think we're about 65% of the last
year's Fed supervisory severely adverse total losses type of numbers. That's one way to think about it. As
you -- and another thing to think about is the construct of the portfolios. Those of you like yourself who've
been around our company a lot, I went back and started saying sort of are we sure how much different
we are, and you -- people forget things that won't mean a lot to people on the phone, the Gold Option
program, which was a restructuring of card debt that went on in the mid-2000s, there was -- it started
going into crisis in 2008 time frames at $25 billion. 8 quarters later, 6 quarters later, something like that,
it's down to $12 billion. Half of that was charge-off. There's none of that around now. And so it's not only

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

the FICO scores and all the things that you have, it's also that there's pieces of the portfolio that cost us a
lot in the last crisis aren't there.

But let me -- and that's just how we position the portfolio. So even some of the industries which people
-- we are focused on as a credit grantor and you're focused on as an analyst are relatively 1% in this
industry or that industry. So the list of sort of concerning industries, entertainment, travel, things like that,
we have low exposures to because of diversity and mix of portfolio.

You touched on the deferrals. And let me just give you a couple of perspectives on that. One, on that
small business, as I've mentioned earlier, the reason why it's high is there's a lot of doctors and dentists in
there, and you would expect that they would pay.

But to give you a sense, before their deferral, 95%, 97%, 98% of these people were current under all the
measures. And so they're not people who were struggling, they were people who currently just needed a
hiatus due to their change. The FICO scores for 90-plus percent of the mortgage deferrals, 95%-plus or
the -- on the cars, again, about 90%, 85%, I guess, are 600 or better. So the average FICO is almost 700
of our deferrals. So you'd expect that people who had deferred are doing it as a matter of convenience and
will get back into the -- back in the flow once they kind of reopens.

And so -- and the LTVs on the mortgages, again, 95% or 190 -- only 5% or 10% are really the FHA, VA of
the deferred program and they're 95% or better. All the rest of it is low. 75% of it is below 80% LTV and
stuff. So these are core people who had a change or who we're going to -- we'd expect to start to perform.
So we'll see how it plays out, but it's very different, I think, than past deferral statuses we had.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

It's a very impressive reserve ratio. And in addition, your CET1 stayed relatively high this quarter as well. I
just wanted to ask a follow-up, Brian, around how you're thinking about the dividend. It's been a question
that many investors have been asking. And maybe you can give us a sense as to how you think through
that question.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Let me just -- Lee is correct. I mean it's 65% of the adverse. Not really adverse, I think, is what Lee is
telling me. And we're in 2 different locations, so usually he can wave at me when I've made a mistake.

But in terms of the dividend, we kept the dividend payout ratio below 30% of the sort of normalized
earnings level, and we did it for a reason that we -- one of our operating principles is we wanted to
maintain a dividend. And given what we know, we've done twice the dividend this quarter at $0.40 versus
an $0.18 payout ratio, and we expect that to continue. And that shows you the 100-plus basis points, 130
basis points of excess capital. We've tested it lots of ways, as you might expect.

As we talk to our Board about capital management, as we talk to our Board about dividends at any given
time, we're showing them severely adverse cases, adverse cases and thinking through the pretax PPNR
capability of withstanding different reserve builds and outcomes. And so that's what we're doing, and we
plan to keep it going.

Operator

We'll go now to John McDonald with Autonomous Research.

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Just a quick follow-up on that. Paul, I know you mentioned in terms of the macro assumptions it's a
weighted average. But what you described as kind of a 2Q deep-dive in GDP and then continuing negative
for the rest of the year, is that kind of the central case? And is there any more details you could provide

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

on that as just we compare different banks? And what macro assumptions are embedded into the reserve?
It's helpful to know the kind of -- maybe the central case of assumptions.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean just to be clear, what I said was it's a significant drop in GDP in the second quarter and then
negative GDP growths extend well into 2021, I think, approaching all the way to the end of the year.

So we view it as a recessionary outlook. We wouldn't describe it any other way. None of the scenarios that
we're looking at are anything other than a recession. And again, we've captured sort of the tail risk of a
severely adverse situation. In terms of providing...

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Yes.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, go ahead.

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

No, no. Go ahead, please.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

I was going to say in terms of providing specifics on one variable or another, I mean, you've got a lot
of variables that go into these models. Many, many, many variables. And so we really believe that to
provide that level of detail could be a little misleading. It's -- unless you kind of have the full context of
all the factors that we considered when we set the allowance, picking one or the other and starting to
compare here or there just to us, I think, would be misleading. Plus, very importantly, the impact of all
those multiple inputs that go into the process will be different from each bank depending upon the bank's
loan mix and, very importantly, the quality of the loan portfolio that they've been putting on the books for
years.

I think Brian just sort of talked about it, but I'll say it again. We've been very focused on prime and super-
prime customer borrowers for many years now, so the impacts to us of all those inputs is going to be
different.

And I guess that's what all the information I would want to give you about like one input or another. Just
-- hopefully, that helps you in terms of how we think about it.

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Yes. And the reference point to CCAR is helpful, too. It sounds like what you provided for built into the
reserve is about 60% of the cumulative losses from the Fed's adverse in 2019?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Yes. Again, I -- as Brian said, that's more of an output, not an input, right? We are developing
scenarios based upon the information we had at the end of the quarter. But it is interesting, and it's
maybe helpful for all of you in terms of comparing reserves to really think about the loan mix, the quality
of the portfolio and then, of course, what people assumed about the future. But in terms of the loan mix
and the quality of the portfolio, there is an independent view out there. There's an independent view
every year. And so if you look at our losses in the severely adverse, the Fed's stress test, our losses under
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

the severely adverse or our losses under the adverse, and then you look at our reserve and you divide
by those losses, you're going to get percentages that are in the range or better than what you're seeing
across the industry.

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Okay. Got it.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

And remember, those tests basically are an independent way to evaluate the quality of somebody's
portfolio and the mix of somebody's portfolio. So we think -- again, we didn't size it that way, but we think
that's an interesting way for you to kind of get some sort of independent perspective on allowances.

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Yes. I think it's helpful for us to compare across banks that way.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. You still have the issue, though, by the way, that every bank is going to have a -- this is the first
quarter we're all doing CECL, and everybody is going to have to develop their own view of the future. And
there's no evidence right now that you can point to of asset degradation. There's a little bit of NPL, there's
a little bit of reserve criticized. So we're all doing this based upon just our view of the future based upon
all those inputs that we use in our models.

Operator

We'll go now to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Paul, same question. Maybe more specifically, how much more...

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

It's the same answer I will provide.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Same answer?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Well, just how much -- I mean, how much more could the reserves get built in the second quarter? And
when you define a significant drop in GDP, how do you define significant? I mean, look, you -- I mean,
the stock premarket looks like it's going to open down 6% or 7% if my numbers are right. And you just
guided for better NII, and you earn your dividend at least 2x up to 4x depending how you compute it. Your
book value grew. You have good capital ratios. You have the balance sheet strength to take the additional
charges. So why not just take it for like the worst case that you're allowed to do so and communicate that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

and say, all right, your capital's still fine? So you had one of your peers kind of telegraphed that. You seem
to be hesitant to do so for -- given all the different variables, I understand. But can you give us any -- a
little bit more guidance for reserve builds, say, in the second quarter or the third quarter?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Yes. Sure. And again, we -- like you said, we have the liquidity, we have the capital. Our reserve build
-- if you look at independent perspectives from the Fed or other sources, our reserve build as a percentage
of future losses under multiple scenarios that they publish is higher or in the range of our competitors'. So
that's a lot of information for you right there.

In terms of the -- your question about, hey, what's the likely reserve build in the future, if we thought we
were going to have to add more reserve build in the future, we would have put it into this quarter. That's
how the rules work. You reserve for your expected lifetime losses. So our reserve build reflects what we
think as of the end of this quarter we're going to have in losses for the life of the assets on our books.

Now when we get to the end of the second quarter, we may have a different view of the future. And so
we may release reserves or we may increase reserves. The quality of our loan book won't change that
much because that doesn't change that much in a quarter. The mix doesn't change that much because
that doesn't change in a quarter. We've built this loan book based upon years and years of underwriting
standards. And so it will go -- the reserve will go down in the second quarter or go up in the second
quarter, but it will be based upon a change in our outlook on the future.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. If I could follow-up with Brian then. I mean clearly, the biggest input is when does the economy
come back online. And Brian, you and your firm have as many touch points nationally as anybody. There
must be some underlying thought process that goes into the reserve build and the losses about when the
economy comes back online. But kind of what's your base case, best case, bad scenario? What are you
seeing? What are your thoughts?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, one thing that's different, Mike, and you all know is the plenary authority embedded in governors
and mayors and the President to tell us what to do is overriding here. So we can have a view of what can
happen, but given the health care crisis as opposed to demand changes and things that would be out of
the general economic flow or credit risk because commercial real estate got overvalued, the things that
we've dealt with in our lifetimes, as we've dealt with, this is just different. So we have to remind ourselves
always this is going to come down to solving this health care crisis and -- number one.

Just to give you some facts of where we stand, and we'll see this play out, as I said earlier, if you look
at sort of the weekly flow of payments across all the means, meaning cash taken out of the ATMs and
spent through checks written through ACH wires and credit/debit card, that was running $60-odd billion
a week in January, February. And now it's running 50 -- low -- like $51 billion, $52 billion average for
the last couple of weeks, but you're seeing that rate of decline flatten at this point. And if you go in
and look at geographies, based on the data we see, we've seen it sort of flatten. So you're seeing what
might be a relatively -- and that's after the unemployment claims have been filed, and we're seeing the
unemployment come into the accounts. You're seeing a rate of -- the rate of decline has sort of flattened.
And as you look at it, sort of compared to the rate of decline year-over-year by week and things like that
and different types of industries, they've gotten to the bottom in some, travel or entertainment. You've
gotten to more sustainable maybe in drugstores and grocery stores. And you sort of see the economy
running at that level. And that -- for that, I'd apply whatever the -- 10% over 16% -- 15%, 16% decline.
That will hold on. We'll watch. But right now, that seems to be holding on, places have been shut down
longer. And we'll see that play out as it goes forward to see if that starts to grow from there. Remember,
gas prices are down a lot, and gas usage is down a lot. That impacts those numbers also. So we're looking
for those signs. I'm not saying we have anything yet. We're looking for those signs.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

We're also looking for how the unemployment affects our customer base. And so we've seen as
households that we have as unemployment -- one of the participants in the household -- we have a lot
of [ good earning ] households. 75% of the households that we have who've received unemployment
also have someone receiving a regular paycheck still. And so those types of things will be interesting
to see it play out, is that a change in behavior in terms of what people spend on versus a real crisis
in the household because of one wager, and we're -- we'll figure that out. So we're seeing balances in
households, especially among the moderately affluent and up, grow in terms of checking account balances
because people are spending less and storing cash. We've seen in the wealth management side people
aren't pay -- can delay paying their taxes. So all these factors will play in. It's just a little premature to call
anything, Mike. And so that's the factors we're looking at as we look at not only to your point about how
you set potential losses based on our customer base and their behavior and what happens to them but
also based on our view of the economy opening up.

And frankly, our advice to people who want as to what parts of the economy could have a faster impact
with less -- they're the health care experts -- with less risk of people congregating versus others that
might help support a reopening of good activity, go back to the dentists or something like that, that you
can put dentists back to work, that will open up part of the economy that is usually not closed down for
these things. And it's a relatively few number of people in a given space at a given time. So I'll leave it to
the health care experts to make those judgments, but all that's going to come together.

As we move through the quarter, we'll try to give you better insight. But right now, that's what we're
seeing.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

All right. So that's why you say reserves could go up or they could be released? You just don't know yet?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I mean it's just -- that's the -- people are -- yes, we all want to see where the end is, you included,
Mike. We do, too. But the question is we've got to wait for some time to pass to have a feel for that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Maybe one more quickie on allowance and reserves. When I look at the healthy reserve on card, it makes
sense given the macro backdrop. We're looking at an unemployment and kind of a linear relationship
with unemployment and card. The -- if you look at, say, U.S. commercial and non-U.S. commercial in and
around 1%, that's obviously a lot more than we've had lately but not necessarily the worst thing you could
predict given the world we're looking at. So I guess my question is, when you talk about the quality and
the mix of business and all the things that you gave us, is the -- what I consider the not as severe reserve
on the commercial side a function of not knowing the timing, the mix of business? Or is it where you sit in
the capital stack, meaning even if some of those companies run into issues, your historical experience in
the last bunch of years has been actually really, really good? So I know it's probably all of those, but I'm
just trying to see if you could talk towards that on the commercial side.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Look, we've got 2.16% on commercial real estate. Given how we have run our commercial real estate
business over the last 10 years especially relative to others, we feel that's up from 1.6% at January 1.
We've got 1.11% on U.S. commercial. Those commercial losses, they just don't run as high because of
collateral and other protections we have in the structure. So we feel pretty good.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

If you look all of -- if you look at total commercial, we're at 1.16%. So we feel good about where we are.
And again, it's -- when you sort of add all that up and you just look at it relative to the losses that people
are projecting, including the Fed, whether it's an averse scenario or it's an adverse scenario, you're going
to come out with percentages that are pretty healthy on an absolute basis and relative to our peers.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

And so -- and I'd add one thing. Let's go back to the beginning on the pretax PPNR, which we all learned
after the last crisis. But we've got earnings power to absorb pay-as-you-go losses on the consumer side
in terms of card charge-offs and things like that or building reserves and then going through on the
commercial side, which is what happens typically.

That earnings power is, I think, what we feel has us in good stead in terms of the ability to absorb
whatever circumstances play out here and still with more liquidity than the start of the year, more capital
than we need, 130 basis points more capital, and a PPNR volume that lets us drive through it. And if you
think about that PPNR, when you look at this stress test and stuff, we are running a lot higher than the
stress test assumed because they assume there's market losses and things like that, which we didn't
experience even in the most volatile periods of time in the market's history.

And so I think as you play this out, that whether -- we can all talk about the reserve of X or Y or Z per
thing, which is what you should -- you all are focused on and should be focused on. The route is, is how
much earnings capacity you have to keep generating capital and keep generating earnings that you can
offset whatever comes at you, and that's what we feel good about.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

If you study that portfolio, remember, it's mostly investment grade. And if you look at it the other way
around, if you look at the amount of loans or revolvers that we have in leverage finance, private equity
sponsored leveraged loans, for example, that's less than 1% of total exposures. We don't have any CLO
exposures because we don't put any of that in our ALM portfolio. We've got a fraction, a tiny bit in Global
Markets for trading purposes. So that commercial portfolio is relatively high grade.

Operator

We'll go now to Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.

Vivek Juneja
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just...

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Hello?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

You still there, Vivek? Is it us?

Operator

Vivek, we are not able to hear you at this time. [Operator Instructions]

We'll go now to Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew D. O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

The NII guidance is obviously helpful and coming off a much better-than-expected 1Q. Just wondering
if you can give a little more detail in terms of -- I assume that some of the sharp drop is higher bond
premium amortization, lower trading and then obviously kind of core NIM pressure is how I think about
the 3 buckets. I don't know if that's right or you want to parse it differently, but any additional color would
be helpful.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean we did see -- bond premium amortization in Q1 was -- is always sort of seasonally low
or lower. We do expect an increase in Q2 given the decline in rates in Q1. You got to remember that
prepayments generally lag moves in NII or they precede moves in -- the rate move precede the NII impact
by 6 to 8 weeks. What else did you ask about?

Matthew D. O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I assume trading benefit 1Q and -- is being factored in. And then just kind of, call it, core NIM pressure
from the rate environment is the third bucket.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, yes. Trading definitely -- we are liability sensitive in Global Markets, but it's not a huge impact, and
it can bounce around quarter-to-quarter depending upon the type of assets that they're booking and
whether they bought them at par or above or below par. That influences whether profits show up or
revenue shows up in NII or shows up in market making or similar activities. So that's why we don't give
guidance on it because it can change pretty rapidly depending on what they're buying and selling for
clients in Global Markets. But right now, it was a little bit liability sensitive and did help a little bit in Q1,
and it will probably help a little bit in Q2.

Matthew D. O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then as we think about the balance sheet growth component, obviously 2Q average balances
will benefit from the run-up on a period-end in 1Q. But I would think, as you've kind of looked to the back
half this year and beyond, some of those line drawdowns in commercial start to get paid off so that maybe
it's tougher to grow the balance sheet or at least tougher to grow loans. I don't know if that's the right
way to think about it.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean there's no question that commercial revolver lines, which spiked in March, will start to pay
down once economic conditions start to improve. But obviously, the timing of that is very uncertain. So I
think we're just going to have to wait and see.

Clearly, we're going to see some carryover from these draws in Q2, and we may see a very significant
amount stay with us for some time. We'll just have to wait and see.

Obviously, deposit balances also benefit NII because you don't necessarily have to make a loan. You can
earn on those deposit balances. And they're way up as well, and they may be with us for a little while, we
just have to wait and see.

Matthew D. O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then just last quickly...

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

But just so you know, our NII guidance -- I'm not going to get into the details, but our NII guidance, of
course, assumes some sort of runoff. We're making some sort of guesses at this point about what the run-
up would be in both loan and deposits.

Matthew D. O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. Understood. And then just lastly, a quick one on the spread of the commercial line drawdowns. Any
rough numbers on that? I'm often asked that question.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, sure. The spread on the drawdowns will be no different than what they were pre-crisis because
they're just drawdowns. They're existing arrangements. We worked with some clients to adjust the
liquidity we were giving them. There were a few new loans in there that were at higher spreads. But most
of the spreads were the same as were spreads precrisis. So you're not going to get a spread benefit on
those draws.

Matthew D. O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe like a LIBOR plus 150 or 200?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Well, given the quality of our loan book, I wouldn't go as high as LIBOR plus 150.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

In terms of who drew.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. In terms of who drew, yes.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

But one thing, just to back up, there will be a transitory impact, we should all hope, of these draws and
stuff, and that means more stability to market, more reopening of the economy. So -- but what doesn't
-- isn't transitory is the good core work that went on in our consumer business, our wealth management
businesses, then the treasury services, the core growth levels that will continue through even if the
deposits that people have built part -- go back into other forms or get used up. And so I think that's going
to be the trick for a little while.

We're all going to be preoccupied with the pace of those loans dropping off, et cetera. But the reality is
over the long term, we're going to be based more on the way that underlying has performed going into
this. And frankly, the amount of activity can continue in the underlying business given this -- the COVID
virus situation.

And we -- our officers are making contact, our wealth managers. We're continuing to add accounts in
various businesses, not at the rate that you would before but -- because just necessarily it's not face-to-
face meetings taking place, but you're seeing the wealth management contacts are up, you're seeing even
the referrals between our lines of businesses continue. It's just at a lower rate because of the necessities,
the face-to-face meeting limitations. But those will come back as soon as we can get back and act.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

We'll go now to Brian Kleinhanzl with KBW.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Yes. Quick question. I know you commented on the consumer deferrals that you were seeing. But what's
kind of been the trends on the corporate side as well? And kind of what's been the inbound with regards to
using some of these government programs from your clients out there?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

We -- in terms of the government programs?

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Correct.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

We've had, we -- 12 days ago, we started taking applications in the PPP program. We've had hundreds of
thousand applications. We're processing them in accordance with the guidance that was given by Treasury
to get the work done and then submit them. Thousands have been through the SBA and have the number.
And we have thousands -- in fact, many thousands of hands of clients that are signing promissory notes,
and we're funding them. So that is still, I think, for the whole industry, the real impact. The economic and
the money traveling out is coming -- will come over the next period of time here.

Today, we received the first major distribution of the direct payments in terms of the $1,200 stimulus
payment types. We're seeing now the unemployment benefits, the extra $600-type thing coming through
and the benefit structures we're -- in the programs we're seeing both as we service the state as a provider
of prepaid card-type card access to those programs and we see in our accounts.

So those programs are just barely hitting the general consumer, general business, et cetera, in term --
for us and for the industry. Our industry peers are all in the same condition. And so they'll provide -- the
stimulus they'll provide is actually going to be from now on not from now backwards because of the --
this is a program that didn't exist literally 3 weeks ago, only started 2 weeks -- 12 days ago. And several
hundred thousand people who applied for it, we're processing through as fast as we can, and it's around
10,000, 12,000 on the more Commercial Banking side of the play.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

And just a separate question. And I know you've built a big qualitative reserve now with CECL, but kind of
what are your expectations with regards to how the charge-offs will roll through given all the deferrals that
are going on, forbearance, which could push potential charge-offs out to a year or more? Are you really
kind of looking that you may not see much of an uptick this year and this really could be a 2021 before
you start to see meaningful degradation in the charge-offs?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. So the total amounts that you saw on Page 5 of the balance of deferrals, so if you go to the inverse of
that 95% and we see -- of the cards are not deferred, and they'll pay us and stuff. So I think the question
is what really happens, to your point. So we deferred somebody who's a 750 FICO who temporarily
thought they've have lost their job or thought they were going to lose a job or thought income and
just wanted a month -- that will come back. And so I think the losses will shake out kind of into the fall
because just the methodology is -- you'll remember it's still 180 days, you have to roll through all the
buckets and stuff. So we'll see it play out, but it's going to be delayed.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

But remember, because of the CECL, you're providing for your expected outcome under that delay, and
Paul gave you the parameters of what we talked about already. So the question is -- that's what we're
putting up at the end of the first quarter, and we get to second quarter, we'll put it up and the third
quarter, all based on what we think the credit cost will be of that portfolio over the cycle ahead of us down
into trough and then back out the other side in a very slow manner, as Paul described.

And then the real question will be sort of people's behavior given these government programs and the
amount of extra cash going in. And then on the employment, the PPP program is -- employ people and
pay people. You get 2 paid weeks of pay, to pay them out. And so we'll see how that all meets out to the
underlying people. But -- so I think it's premature, but I think it will delay charge-offs. But our reserve
at any given moment reflect what we think will ultimately happen to those customers, not when it will
happen.

Operator

And we'll go now to Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Paul, just a couple of follow-ups on the NII front for you. With LIBOR expanding versus Fed funds and the
TED spreads still wide, which typically happens, obviously, in times of stress, how are you expecting that
to traject as you talk about your $11 billion number? And just your expectation for rates in the long end of
the curve.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So we're basically factoring in a tightening between LIBOR and Fed funds over the year. But we're
also factoring in some loan and deposit growth offsetting that. And then, of course, we've got securities
and other assets maturing that we're going to replace at a lower yield. All that's factored into our
perspective that we think with loan and deposit growth we can -- you'll see NII kind of at that $11 billion
level, give or take, roughly through the end of the year.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

So when you think -- with all the cash that's sitting on the balance sheet and, like you said earlier, you're
expecting some tapering of that, how -- what is the asset-liability decision about what to invest and what
you're putting it in? And so like what's the kind of go-to investment rate versus what's coming off?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Well, right now, that liquidity, that excess liquidity that all came flooding in is in cash. And we'll have to
think about what we want to do that -- with that excess liquidity as it becomes clearer kind of how long
it's going to stick around. If -- right now, if you just look at what's in our securities portfolio and compare
it to the yields available to reinvest, they'd be 50 basis points lower. But all that's kind of factored into our
guidance.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Right. And one more question on the deposit side. Can you just talk about across the businesses what
you're seeing from customers in terms of money coming out of the markets and whether it's sitting in
money market mutual funds, in wealth management or whether it's moved on to the balance sheet and
just kind of how that ties into your ability to reprice deposits?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

Just to start on that. Just generally, customers put more cash, and you saw that in the wealth
management deposits being up $19 billion. So that reflects not only they're moving money but also the
reallocation in our models and things like that. So you've seen that.

We've seen them stabilize. My guess is 2/3 of that was more what you're speaking about. 1/3 or so was
sort of the core growth building up that we saw coming into the tail end of last year into the quarter,
maybe a little less than that. But a lot of it was moving. It'll move back in the markets based on the
allocations and methods and in terms of deposit forms of the markets. And then on the money funds, the
allocations were reflected there. Because of the prime money funds versus the government money funds,
there's a lot of instability around that towards the quarter. So I think this will all settle out, and you'll see
it return to more normal when people are thinking about that. So you'll see less volume growth, I think, in
the balance sheet deposit driven in wealth management.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

I'm not sure what else I would add to that. Obviously, we brought deposit pricing down in Q1. You can see
that in the average by product. They're going to come down further just based upon pricing actions that
we've already taken that are just now rolling -- are going to start rolling into those average deposit pricing
across the different types of products.

In terms of growth, we obviously saw a very strong growth in Q1. There's a lot of moving pieces there, so
it's hard to give guidance on growth from here.

I just would emphasize what Brian emphasized earlier, that the underlying spike in the process -- if you
look beneath that underlying spike, we still saw solid core organic growth across all our LOBs in January
and February.

And in terms of the second quarter, with respect to consumer, you're going to have government stimulus
and delayed tax payments. That's going to be a tailwind. [ Affluent ] clients, we'll just have to see.
They shifted out of investments into deposits. We're going to have to see how that plays out over time.
And in Global Banking, we already discussed the large deposit inflows in March. Ending deposits grew
$94 billion quarter-over-quarter. As the market stabilizes and economic activity returns, we do expect
some component of those deposit balances to flow out over time as clients pay down their lines and pay
their bills and redeploy liquidity. So we've kind of factored all that in. But at this point, there's a lot of
uncertainty.

Operator

And we'll take our final question today from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.

Vivek Juneja
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Sorry about that earlier. But let me just jump in, not hold everybody up that much. In your loan
drawdowns, you said 90% investment grade, what percent -- what percentage of those were BBB-?
And what are you thinking as you reserve? How many of those are more vulnerable or more at risk of
downgrades?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Well over 90% were investment grade or secured. I don't have how many were BBB- in front of me.

Vivek Juneja
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And going back to -- I know, just looking at the reserve build -- sorry to go back to that, but
it is the question of the day. On your -- you've talked about GDP staying negative well into 2021. Can you

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

give some color on what you're thinking in terms of unemployment? How high do you see in your weighted
average in 2021 [ adverse case ]?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

No. As I said before, we're not really providing level -- that level of detail because we think comparisons
on this input versus that input where -- when there's 30 or 40 inputs in the models is going to be
misleading unless you have the full context of all factors.

Vivek Juneja
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Right. Okay. Okay. Another one. In small business, the deferrals that you've seen so far, probably going to
rise. What are you thinking in terms of as you've done your reserving, what percentage of those ultimately
may not make it at this point? What is now your...

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Vivek, if you were listening earlier...

Vivek Juneja
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I've been trying, Brian. Too many calls this morning, all at the same time.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

That's right. So a substantial part of the small business are in a thing called practice solution, which
are doctors and dentists and things like that. And you expect, once they open their practice, they'll pay
because they don't want to lose their equipment practice. So it's a little different than the general small
business that they have, and that's why that number is elevated just because of who -- that dominates
that portfolio as a percentage of total. So if -- we expect a lot of it will come back, and we'll play that --
see that play out as parts of the economy reopen.

Thank you, Vivek. And we're going to move to close here because we've got an endpoint at 10. And so let
me just close quickly.

Thank you all of you for your time this morning. Number one, please keep your families and yourselves
safe as we go through this -- the rest of this health crisis.

Simply put, we earned $4 billion. We added substantially to our reserves based on our view at the end of
the quarter. Our capital ratio is 130 basis points over our minimums. The liquidity has increased during the
quarter.

But importantly, we drove responsible goals, supported our teammates, our clients and our communities
and delivered, I think, for the shareholders, too, given the circumstances that were going on.

As we look forward, we'll continue to keep you apprised of what we're seeing in our client base due to our
purview. And as we see that, we'll continue to try to keep people informed to help people understand how
the company and the economy might operate given the stay-at-home orders. Thank you for your time and
we'll talk to you next quarter.

Operator
This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

