Baxter International Inc. NYSE:BAX
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.74

0.82

Revenue  (mm)

2739.52

2802.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-28-2020 1:30 AM GMT

10.81

2.28

0.81

3.48

3.94

2830.51

11643.93

12233.42

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.81

0.84

0.88

0.74

0.89

0.79

0.97

0.82

9.88 %

(5.95 %)

10.23 %

10.81 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Clare Trachtman
Vice President of Investor
Relations

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Justin Marcus
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Baxter International's First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded by Baxter and is
copyrighted material. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcasted without Baxter's permission. If you have any
objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Clare Trachtman,
Vice President, Investor Relations at Baxter International. Ms. Trachtman, you may begin.

Clare Trachtman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Catherine. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining
me today are Joe Almeida, Baxter's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Saccaro, Baxter's
Chief Financial Officer. On the call this morning, we will be discussing Baxter's first quarter 2020 financial
results. A supplemental presentation to complement this morning's discussion can be accessed on our
website in the Investors section under events and news. This presentation includes related non-GAAP
reconciliations.

With that, let me start our prepared remarks by reminding everyone that this presentation, including
comments regarding our financial outlook, new product development, business development and
regulatory matters contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. And of course,
our actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Please refer to today's press release
and our SEC filings for more detail concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In
addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's
ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today
to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and
available on our website. On the call this morning, we will be discussing operational sales growth, which
adjusts for the impact of foreign exchange and the acquisition of Seprafilm, which closed on February 14
this year.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joe. Joe?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Clare, and welcome to everyone joining us on the call today. I sincerely hope that you, your
families and colleagues are all safe and well during this difficult time. As we continue to deal with the
evolving impact from the global COVID-19 pandemic, our Baxter team salutes the selfless health care
providers and first responders who are rising to the enormous challenges with bravery and compassion.
Their dedication inspires us all. This is uncharted to rain for the health care industry and society at large.
At the same time, Baxter's path forward is clear. It is defined by our mission to save and sustain lives, just
as it has been for nearly 90 years. We are doing everything we can to support patients, the healthcare
system, our employees and the communities we serve worldwide.

Baxter's medically essential portfolio places on the front lines of this pandemic. We are experiencing
extraordinary demand for many products, including our PrisMax and Prismaflex, continuous renal
replacement therapy, devices and associated consumables. Our Mini-Bag Plus drug delivery system, the
Spectrum IQ Infusion System and sets plus IV Solutions parenteral nutrition therapies and injectable
drugs used in the ICU and across the hospital. Our efforts are focused on maximizing production to
increase supply as much as possible and get our products to where they need it most as quickly as
feasible. That starts with prioritizing the health and safety of Baxter's employees who are critical to our
ability to successfully respond to the pandemic. We have implemented various employee protection
measures, such as enhanced infection control actions, remote working arrangements, symptom screening
and further use of personal protective equipment, including masks at all of our sites. Our manufacturing
operations have also been modified to limit employee interactions where possible. We have added multiple

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

shifts with all factories that manufacture products used in COVID-19 care, currently operating 24 hours
a day, 7 days a week. And as we previously announced, we are adding up to 2,000 permanent and
temporary positions globally to support this effort.

Baxter is utilizing objective government and academic data sources to help inform our pandemic allocation
protocol, which strives to allocate additional products to the areas of greatest patient need globally. And
we are supplementing our logistics infrastructure, including a newly established airbridge flying between
the U.S. and Europe to accelerate product availability. We are also taking steps to bring clinicians, the
widest possible array of options in this battle. For example, we worked with the FDA to secure emergency
use authorization of our Oxiris filter set, supplementing the supply of blood filters we are able to bring to
the U.S. market. We want to thank the FDA for its collaboration as we continue to work on other potential
authorizations.

This is just a snapshot of what has been a truly all-encompassing effort, which also includes our
philanthropic response to the Baxter International Foundation. Baxter's multiyear transformation has
strengthened our ability to respond to COVID-19. We are a more effective, agile and resilient organization
plus our focus on portfolio innovation has broadened the range of products we have available to address
these situations. We're also able to maintain our emphasis on its strategy and execution even as we like
many others, step up to address an unprecedented public health emergency. This is reflected in our strong
first quarter results with all 6 of our global business units in all 3 of our regional segments contributing to
this positive performance.

As it relates specifically to the pandemic impact, particularly during the latter part of the quarter, five
of our businesses experienced heightened demand: Acute Therapies, Renal Care, Medication Delivery,
Pharmaceuticals and Clinical Nutrition. As expected, given the slowdown in elective surgeries, demand
for our Advanced Surgery portfolio declined and is expected to continue to decline throughout the second
quarter. Even as we respond, Baxter continues to advance key strategic growth drivers, such as research
and development, innovation and business development. In quarter 1, we saw the close of our Seprafilm
acquisition, enhancing our Advanced Surgery portfolio. We also recently acquired toSense, a technology
company focused on developing sensors and software, advancing our emphasis on leading-edge patient
monitoring. And we signed a partnership with MedAware, a specialist in clinical big data analytics, machine
learning and artificial intelligence. Our new product pipelines later for this year and beyond has highlights
spanning our businesses, including our next-generation IV smart pump technology, share source analytics,
specialized monitoring and additional differentiated molecules.

As you know, we have been looking forward to providing an update on our strategy, trajectory and
pipeline. We originally planned to hold our next investor meeting this September. However, the
unpredictable nature and impact of COVID-19 has prompt us to delay this meeting until next year. We
expect to provide a new date in the coming months.

In close, I want to recognize Baxter's 50,000 employees, I have never seen a team come together like
this. In a global effort to make a difference for patients and clinicians. My words are not adequate to
express the level of commitment, I'm witnessing daily, nor can they convey the depth of my gratitude.

With that, Jay will now share details on our first quarter performance as well as commentary regarding
some factors we expect to impact our performance in the second quarter and beyond. Then we will close
with your questions.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, our first quarter performance reflects the
value of our medically essential portfolio in the current environment as well as our commitment to meeting
the needs of patients and providers globally. Our ongoing business transformation efforts, effective
commercial execution and improved balance sheet flexibility position us to more effectively respond to the
COVID-19 pandemic with speed and agility.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Turning to our first quarter 2020 results. Global sales of $2.8 billion increased 6% on a reported basis and
8% on both a constant currency and operational basis, reflecting the underlying strength of our business,
coupled with increasing demand for select products resulting from the pandemic. This heightened demand
notably accelerated during the last 2 weeks of the quarter. We estimate that the COVID-19-related
demand contributed approximately $45 million to sales in the quarter.

On the bottom line, adjusted earnings increased 9% to $0.82 per diluted share, exceeding our guidance of
$0.72 to $0.74 per share. Growth was driven by solid operational performance, including a positive impact
from COVID-19. This growth was partially offset by a significant decline in nonoperating pension-related
income as well as foreign exchange losses related to balance sheet positions.

Now I'll walk through performance by our regional segments and global business units. Note that for this
quarter, constant currency growth is equal to operational sales growth for all global businesses, except for
our Advanced Surgery business, for which we will provide both constant currency and operational growth
adjusting for the acquisition of Seprafilm.

Starting with our 3 regional segments. Sales in Americas advanced 8% on a constant currency basis and
7% on an operational basis. Sales in Europe, Middle East and Africa advanced 10% on both the constant
currency and operational basis. And sales in our APAC region advanced 9% on a constant currency basis
and 8% operationally.

Moving on to performance by Global business units. Global sales for Renal Care were $870 million,
advancing 4% on a constant currency basis. Performance in the quarter was driven by high single-digit
growth in PD therapies globally. Given regional travel restrictions related to the COVID pandemic in China,
we estimate that the requirement to accelerate the delivery of monthly therapy supplies to PD patients
contributed $5 million to $10 million in sales to the quarter. Performance in the quarter was partially offset
by lower in-center HD sales, reflecting the continuation of Revaclear dialyzer supply constraints. Sales and
medication delivery of $690 million advanced 10% on a constant currency basis.

Within the quarter, we continued to benefit from strong execution on our Spectrum IQ and Evo IQ infusion
pump placements globally. Additionally, we estimate that increased demand for IV solutions in Mini-Bag
Plus related to COVID-19 contributed approximately $15 million to performance in the quarter.

Pharmaceutical sales were $527 million, increasing 6% on a constant currency basis. Strong growth in our
generic injectables portfolio was enhanced by heightened demand for select pharmaceuticals that are used
in the treatment of COVID-19 patients. Additionally, increased demand for U.S. cyclo and international
pharmacy compounding business also contributed to performance in the quarter. This growth was partially
offset by lower sales of inhaled anesthesia products and Transderm Scop. We estimate that first quarter
pharmaceutical sales benefited by more than $10 million from COVID-19-related purchases.

Moving to Nutrition. Total sales were $220 million, increasing 10% on a constant currency basis. We
estimate that sales in the quarter benefited $5 million to $10 million, given increased utilization for
COVID-19 patients in the intensive care unit. Sales in Advanced Surgery were $224 million, advancing
14% on a constant currency basis and 8% on an operational basis. The acquisition of Seprafilm in
February contributed approximately $13 million of sales in the quarter. In addition, performance in the first
2 months of the quarter reflected increased demand for our hemostats and sealants, strong commercial
execution and a benefit for RECOTHROM related to competitive supply disruptions.

Beginning in late March, declines in elective surgeries drove an estimated negative impact of
approximately $10 million for the Advanced Surgery portfolio. We anticipate a continued negative impact
on growth for this business related to declines in elective surgeries globally. Sales in our Acute Therapies
business were $156 million, representing growth of 23% on a constant currency basis. As Joe mentioned,
within the quarter, we experienced a surge in demand for our continuous renal replacement therapies for
treating acute kidney injury or AKI and other conditions. With early studies suggesting that 15% to 30%
of patients with severe forms of COVID-19 are developing AKI. We estimate that the heightened COVID
related demand contributed approximately 10 percentage points of growth in the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Finally, sales in our other category, which primarily includes our contract manufacturing services, were
$115 million in the quarter, advancing 9% on a constant currency basis.

Moving through the rest of the P&L. Our adjusted gross margin of 44.3% increased 70 basis points over
the prior year, benefiting from positive topline performance as well as favorable manufacturing variations
following our strong performance in the fourth quarter of 2019.

Adjusted SG&A of $590 million was flat on a year-over-year basis as we continue to prioritize disciplined
expense management and realize the ongoing benefits from our business transformation efforts. Adjusted
R&D spending in the quarter of $123 million advanced 8% on a reported basis, reflecting our continued
investment in driving growth through innovation. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter was 18.8%,
an increase of 180 basis points versus the prior year. Net interest expense was $21 million in the quarter,
an increase of $3 million compared to the prior year, driven by increased interest expense from higher
outstanding debt balances.

Other nonoperating expense totaled $10 million in the quarter compared to $21 million of income in the
prior period, driven by a decline in pension gains largely due to the Q4 2019 transfer of $2.4 billion in
pension assets and related liabilities as well as foreign exchange losses on balance sheet positions. The
adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 14.3%. Within the first quarter, we generated free cash flow of $102
million compared to an outflow of $59 million in the year ago period. The strength of our balance sheet
positions us for sustained durability in an uncertain market environment. While cash flow generation
remains a critical priority, we anticipate that the current environment will have some negative impact on
our working capital efficiency. As discussed in our fourth quarter earnings call, we continue to be incredibly
focused on maintaining adequate liquidity. And as of the end of the first quarter, we have approximately
$4.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet, which includes the proceeds from our
$1.25 billion of long-term debt issued in the first quarter as well as EUR 200 million in borrowings from our
European revolver. Our U.S. revolving credit facility provides us with access to a further $2 billion in credit.
While we have not drawn on this facility to date, we are currently able to do so, if necessary.

We continue to prioritize investments in internal and external opportunities to drive our strategic
growth initiatives forward and support our employee base. Business development remains an important
component of our capital allocation strategy.

As the situation and economic impact from COVID-19 continues to evolve, our investments will be focused
on strategic opportunities that augment Baxter's current portfolio and position the company for future
success.

Additionally, as of the first quarter, we temporarily suspended our share repurchase program to drive
further financial flexibility in the current market. We have approximately $900 million remaining available
in our share repurchase authorization as of March 31. Within the quarter, we announced a quarterly
dividend payment of $0.22 per share, reflecting our continued commitment to delivering value to our
shareholders.

Let me conclude my comments by discussing some factors that will impact our ongoing results. As stated
in today's press release, given the high degree of uncertainty regarding potential impacts from COVID-19,
we are not providing second quarter or full year 2020 guidance at this time. We hope to provide further
updates as we progress through the second quarter.

For the second quarter, we do expect sales to advance compared to the prior year, albeit at a slower pace
than in Q1, as significant declines in our Advanced Surgery portfolio will be offset by growth in our other
businesses. For the full year, we expect to incur approximately $150 million in incremental expenses,
resulting from our efforts to address the global COVID-19 pandemic. These costs include the significant
measures we are taking to protect employee safety and compensate our frontline employees for their
extraordinary efforts as well as our efforts to boost capacity and production to address the increased
product demand we are experiencing.

In addition, as Joe mentioned, we expect to absorb increased freight-related costs, as we prioritize getting
our products to where they are most critically needed. Finally, we do expect to see an impact from lower

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

sales of higher-margin products, including our Advanced Surgery and inhaled anesthesia portfolios. We
do not expect material changes to our planned R&D investments in the year since driving meaningful
innovation remains critical to our long-term business health.

We expect an SG&A benefit from reduced travel and meeting expenses to be partially offset by increased
technology expenses, along with our efforts to compensate select sales and marketing employees for the
impacts of lost commission-based compensation where appropriate. Additionally, as a result of higher
interest expense from our March bond offering and lower interest income due to the interest rate cuts, we
currently expect our full year net interest expense to increase by approximately $60 million as compared
to the prior year period.
In closing, we're doing whatever it takes to address critical patient needs during this unprecedented crisis,
and we continue to be well positioned for financial stability and long-term operational success. With that,
we can now open the call to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] I would like to remind participants that this call is being recorded and additional
replay will be available on Baxter International's website for 60 days at www.baxter.com.

And our first question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on a really solid quarter here. Really impressive considering the environment. I just -- back, Jay,
on the comments on 2Q, some helpful comments here. But looking at what other companies are saying,
it seems like 2Q is the bottom, and we expect sequential improvement from 2Q. Would that -- is that a
fair comment? Is that applicable to Baxter? Any comments on how we should think on the trajectory here
would be helpful?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Vijay, yes, I'll start with some commentary and pass it over to Joe. We do see a challenging Q2. Our
expectation is that will probably be the most difficult quarter of the year. And then in Q3 and Q4, we
anticipate in our -- one of our base case scenarios a level of rebound and acceleration. The only thing to
keep in mind with respect to our Q4 is the very strong Q4 that we had last year. I mean so -- look, there's
a lot of uncertainty with respect to how the pandemic will evolve and hospital purchasing patterns towards
the end of the year. But I think generally, the way you've described it is the way we think about it, at least
in certain scenarios. Joe?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

I think you did a good job, Jay. You covered both parts that I was going to cover.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And just one follow-up maybe, this is for Joe. Joe, I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned Oxiris
rate. And we've been hearing about cytokine storm for the COVID patients. How well -- how should we
think about the revenue opportunity for this product? Or any comments on either Oxiris or sticking to
renal? Any updates on AAKHI? I think that would be helpful.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Vijay, the Oxiris has a special filter. We make them in Europe, and it has a heparin coding to it, which
makes it ideal for the situation where we're seeing now. We don't have enough data on the COVID or the
coronavirus impact on the filter. Just in the very beginning, the use in the U.S. It seems to us that it's
lasting longer than our current filter because it prevents the coagulation. It usually clogs the CRRT filters a
little faster. So we are working with the FDA, and we work internally and with our partners in the industry
to collect the data, to do investigational work, so we can propose keeping the product on the market
once the crisis subsides and the agency feels that the product may not be of need anymore. So we'll do
everything we can to register the product in the U.S. with the FDA.

It is a product that we've seen outside the U.S., really good results. So we hope that we can prove the
point that this is a great therapy for sepsis treatment because the type of filter because of the coating. We
also -- going to the AAKHI, it proves the point that home therapist is ideally positioned for a crisis where
there's so much transmission of virus by aerosolization and close contact. So I think AAKHI -- no, I cannot
comment where the rule is at the moment, but we think that, that is the right move by the government,
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

and we think it's going to end up going through. It's just a matter of time. But that has not stopped Baxter
from its investments. We continue to invest. As a matter of fact, yesterday, I just had a meeting on a
Phase II investment for this purpose. Remember that our growth in home therapies is going up. Now we
are -- in the U.S. alone, PD home therapies was about up 13%. Now APD home therapies in the U.S. was
about 13% growth. So because that kind of growth, you need to have this kind of investments.

So we're optimistic about that. So even if the rule doesn't come as fast as we wish it had come, work
with our partners, DaVita and other partners in the U.S., we are advancing the home therapies. And rest
assured, we're going to continue to make the investments.

Operator

And our next question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just curious, one other follow-up on that second quarter comment and the slower growth that you're
expecting there. Is that due entirely to a lower net benefit Q2 relative to that $45 million that you saw in
Q1? Or are there other non-COVID-related issues that are changing in Q2 versus Q1?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And Bob, I should caveat my commentary around our forecast before we get into -- before we talk
specifically about Q2. We didn't give guidance for a real reason, which is there is a very significant level
of volatility that we're seeing with respect to the COVID virus and its impact on our business and demand
generally. And in Q1, think about it. We gave guidance with only a few weeks left in the quarter, and
we significantly beat the guidance on the top line, which is not a normal situation for Baxter, given the
steady and durable nature of our portfolio. So I have to comment and just say, look, this is unprecedented
environment that we're operating in. And the other thing I will say is we talk about our expectations.
We have one forecast, but our planning team, led by David Roman, has developed, I believe, 6 different
financial scenarios that could emerge that we need to be prepared for, 3 lower cases and 3 shop or 2 shop
cases. So we really are looking at a broad spectrum of things that could occur. And in light of that, that's
why we suspended guidance. As it relates to Q2, yes, we believe that there was some incremental benefit
in Q1. But then secondly, Advanced Surgery will have a meaningful decline in the second quarter. In large
part because of postponing elective surgeries, as we've all discussed in med tech, that's a real factor. It
did not impact us in Q1, but it will certainly impact us in Q2. And I think that's probably the most volatile
item. And as we think about elements like recovery and how that's going to occur, we're watching how
elective surgeries will resume. But clearly, in April and May, that's a significant headwind that we're facing.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And then just one other thing I'm curious about especially, in light of the hiring that you guys
announced. Could you talk about where you might be capacity constrained this quarter? Are there areas in
your business that you just couldn't meet the demand because of capacity issues? And more specific about
it or just any comments on capacity in the quarter?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Bob, and we are -- if you all remember, about 2 years ago, we had the Hurricane Maria that taught us
quite a bit of a lesson, and we had modified our supply chain to a point that our fluids today don't have
any constraint with the exception of our Mini-Bag Plus. But we made arrangements for extra shifts, and
we're putting out record amount. And so we predict that most of our fluids, with few exceptions, will be all
protective allocation in the next few weeks. The part -- the area of our business that really has a capacity
constrained based on the type of virus we have today is CRRT. CRRT is made in a couple of different
places in the world between the machines and the filters and sets and fluids as well. That's the one that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

we are capacity constrained. We advised our partners and government agencies of that issue. We are
seeing demand that is multiple times what we can produce. And we're working very diligently with our
customers to serve our patients best. For the future, that will be an area because the type of therapy and
adoption of the therapy that is probably going -- is going to grow. We're going to work in diversification of
manufacturing sites and put more locations for fluids across the globe. But that is the one that comes to
mind at the moment. Also some of our drugs that are being used as a backup, for instance, for propofol.
We don't make propofol in the U.S., we make propofol for other parts of the world but dexmed is used
as a backup drug for sedation. And what we're finding, what we're finding is that we are outstripping our
capacity and have outstripped our capacity. So we're going to also be making more investments in our
GALAXY technology as we move forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.

Robert Justin Marcus
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I was hoping -- we've seen some other companies this earnings season, give us a glimpse of what April
looked like to give us a view at what maybe the floor on performance could look like in second quarter. I
was wondering if you could offer similar insights here into what you're seeing in April across the different
businesses.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Look, April is in line with some of our expectations. We predicted that some of the largest impact
with respect to the COVID virus will occur in April and May, and then start to see some rebound in June
and then Q3 and then better in Q4, as I described earlier. That is -- and I want to make sure, Robbie, that
you walk away, that is simply one scenario that we're looking at. We are expecting the biggest declines to
occur in Advanced Surgery in these months of April and May. And I would say, generally speaking, that's
proceeding in line with the expectations, our base case expectations that we've laid out. And so nothing
wild in terms of incremental commentary I can share with you other than to say, Advanced Surgery is an
important one we'll want to see that start to rebound. But so far, April was as expected, with so many
hospitals really closed to elective procedures, that impact came in, in line with expectations.

Robert Justin Marcus
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. And maybe just as a follow-up here. It seems like you're taking a lot of, I would say -- I
would imagine, well received actions with your sales force. This is something I'm paying close attention to,
as I think, companies that do the right thing for their employees can probably rebound a bit faster coming
out of this. I was hoping you could just walk through some of the positive programs you've put in place for
your employees? And do you feel like this puts you in a solid position as you come out of COVID-19 with
respect to your sales force and productivity?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Robbie, we have taken an action with our sales force, for instance, in Advanced Surgery, teaching them
skills -- technical skills on other product lines that we have, having them call on surgeons, on catheter
insertion. We're making sure that they're occupied. We're having global webinars that they're being
conducted by the team. There's a significant amount of activity. And we find that we have a tremendous,
tremendous sales force, and we're going to keep them engaged. We have -- as you can see, we have
employees in the frontline. Not only the sales force, we have a service group that services all these
machines across the globe, and they are every day in hospitals across the globe servicing them. We
were treating them as well as our folks in manufacturing and the global supply chain. We gave them an
incremental incentive to recognize their effort in such a difficult time. We also have our plans, for the most
part, operating 24/7, almost all of our 50 plans with very few exceptions. So we're making sure that we're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

having their safety first in mind. It's our #1 priority is employee safety. And the second priority is with
them being safe, they can make product for our patients. So we're now in uncharted waters here, but I
think having our employees well-being first in mind has been from the get-go, what has taken us to the
point that we are today. And they all have in their minds, the mission of saving sustaining lives is what
drives us. So we're very, very, very grateful to all the 50,000 folks who work for Baxter, who are in this
battle with us.

Operator

And our next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Congrats on a very durable quarter. Just a couple of quick questions for me, Joe. Maybe I'll start with
you. Pump dynamics, Joe, I'm assuming your pipeline was very strong heading into 2020. And I don't
think your prior guidance implied any update or upside from your competitors' recall. But just sort of
curious what you're seeing competitively? And how the balance of sort of new pumps looks relative to
replacements? And how you think that changes across the year? And then I had a quick follow-up.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

David, we think that you have a bolus of demand that is really difficult to discern between what is just we
and our -- and we know the competitive accounts that were going forward, the competitive accounts we
think we're going to win. And now you have this bolus of demand coming in with more need for pumps as
the patients are requiring a multitude of pumps, more pumps that they would otherwise in situations in
the ICU. So we're trying to kind of separate them and understand. We ramped up our production of Sigma
Spectrum in the U.S. tremendously. We put extra shifts, more people. We are procuring raw materials.
We're expediting raw materials. We're paying sometimes premium to get raw materials faster. And so we
are producing as much as we can. Coincidentally, this week, we just got approval in Canada for our new
pump platform, the NOVUM IQ. We also have our international platform called, Evo IQ, being approved
in multiple -- in a multitude of countries and a lot of orders in Australia, and we are getting approvals in
Brazil, and we have approval in Colombia. So we're starting to see that or -- and also in the U.K. with
NHS. So we're seeing a lot of movement on the front business of Baxter. We have -- as you know, we
have filed for 510(k) for our NOVUM IQ platform in the U.S. We also file for EUA here because we think
we can make -- we can bring more pumps beginning in July NOVUM IQ to supplement the demand for our
current Evo IQ. So we're doing everything we can. In terms of competitiveness, it's tough to see at the
moment how things are going. People are so focused, David, in the current situation. Nobody is thinking
about something 2 months from today. I think the hospitals are stripped for resources, and it would not
have a conversion at this moment in time. What you have is demand that has spiked up quite a bit, but
our folks are really planning for the future. I think our pump platform is shaping up to be a great platform.
And then the addition of some monitoring capabilities will make us strong as you can -- if you -- you heard
this morning and you read this morning, we had made a couple of investments in algorithm technology
and artificial intelligence technology.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Very helpful, Joe. And then maybe just a question for Jay or for Joe. One of the things that we're
hearing in light of COVID is sort of hospital administrators are waking up and asking questions around
how much inventory they should have been keeping for critical care products in light of, obviously, in
light of COVID. So I'm kind of curious what you guys are seeing from an inventory perspective? And how
you think you and customers are going to manage inventory in light of COVID heading into the hurricane
season? And frankly, heading into next flu season?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Yes. That's a -- it's a good question, David. And I think that the whole integrity of the supply chain is a
critical focus for companies like us with medically necessary products and for hospitals and distributors
that serve them. I mean so the answer is, it's hard to say at this point. But for us, we want to ensure that
we have available supply to meet patient needs under a whole variety of scenarios. And by the way, you
raised a really good point, which is going into hurricane season. There is talk of a challenging hurricane
season this year. And so ensuring that we have adequate supply means, at least for this year, at least
until the pandemic situation has stabilized, and we get through the hurricane season, we will be carrying
extra inventory of critical products. Now that did not show up in our Q1 results because of the sales surge
that occurred in the last couple of weeks in March. Our days inventory on hand was actually below our
expectations. But what will happen as we approach the latter parts of the year, is we will build in those
areas that are most sensitive and critical to the current environment. And I think, frankly, the same will
be true of hospitals as well. I think hospitals will evaluate what levels of inventory that they need to carry
going into these kinds of crisis. It's clear that certain of them did some inventory build in March and a
lot of that has been consumed already. But I think each hospital will have to evaluate this on their own
merits. Maybe, Joe, you could add some further color commentary here?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. So David, what you also will see is stockpiling. From this point on when the demand surge is up a
little bit, I think hospitals, I don't know if they will have the capacity to stockpile significant volumes of
products. They will some, probably. But I think you're going to see governments thinking differently about
how they face a calamity, such as this virus. So I think it's teaching a lot of lessons to the whole supply
chain, government, private. A lot of PPPs, public-private partnerships, you're going to see happening in
terms of preparedness. So we'll see a lot of that probably in the third and fourth quarter as this is off
through the summer and how entities across the spectrum will react.

Operator

Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So first, I just had one on China and one on the P&L. So first, on China, could you talk a little bit about
Asia Pacific was obviously quite strong in Q1. Could you talk about what you're seeing there? The pace of
recovery? And how much of a read-through do you think that is to the rest of the world for your business?
And then I have one follow-up.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Larry, we're seeing the -- some normalcy coming back into Asia. But I want to give you some color on
Baxter's business being slightly different in China, primarily in parts of Asia than it is in Europe and
Americas. We are a heavy PD, peritoneal dialysis, companies in China, so that's a chronic disease. We saw
a stockpiling going on in the first quarter there and then being consumed, but that business is consistent
and constant. We're starting to see some hospitals in China going back to normalcy in terms of surgery,
not 100%, but we probably will see through the second quarter, their return to normalcy for great deal
of businesses in Asia, with perhaps an exception to Japan. I think Japan still has not figured out. They're
locked down. And I think that is going to be a little slower than the rest of Asia. Australia is already
thinking about a possible second wave and they're working on preparedness for that as far as we can see.
So that is the reason why Asia was strong for us in the first quarter. But we see the normalcy coming in,
but don't forget our business in Asia, primarily in China, is mostly home care peritoneal dialysis chronic
business.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Jay, thanks for the helpful color on the P&L and a nice quarter on the margins. Could you maybe help tie it
together for us a little bit? There seems to be some puts and takes. Can the operating margin be up year-
over-year, given that incremental spending, but the trade-off with lower travel? And the two below the line
items, I don't think you touched on where the other income and tax. How should we think about that?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Larry, we're talking about severe impacts in terms of incremental spending that will drag down the
margin. And so while I'm not prepared to comment on year-over-year margin growth, I am prepared to
say that we really can't offset the $150 million in incremental expense from an operating margin through
SG&A savings and so on. That's not likely going -- that's not going to happen. So that's -- and again, we
view those costs as absolutely essential to the long-term success of our business because for us, we have
to be there right now for our customers and our employees, ensuring that we have the right amounts of
PP&E, that we're compensating employees who need to be at work in challenging situations. All of those
factors are, first and foremost, on our mind. And like I said, that will be a drag on operating margin year-
over-year. As it relates to in the quarter, tax rate, business mix was sort of favorable from a tax rate
standpoint. So we saw a little bit of benefit relative to our expectations. Relative to year-over-year, it was
a downside in large part because of some FAS 123R access benefits that we experienced in Q1 of last
year. And then as it relates to other income, we -- the 2 factors, the largest one being we had -- we've
offloaded the pension plan as part of an important initiative that our treasury team undertook throughout
last year and then culminated in the December transfer of assets. And so as a result of that, we are no
longer seeing pension income below the line. And then secondly, we did have a loss. We had -- there was
a balance sheet position that we held, I believe, it was euro long and a movement caused a loss in that
particular item, which contributed to the year-over-year decline in other income.

Operator

Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

A few questions for you on PD. How much COVID impact was there for new starts for patients both in
the U.S. and outside the U.S.? And how is it trending today? And when you talk dialysis providers, how
much pent-up demand are you hearing for patients who want to move into their home? And then I have a
follow-up.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Pito, we saw a healthy level of PD starts, but nothing different than what we had planned. I think
what you're going to see is a little bit of a reduction and then a pickup towards the middle of the year
because PD is dependent upon catheter insertion. Despite the fact the American Nephrology -- Society of
Nephrologists had recommended and had said that this is not an elective procedure and put the procedure
as necessary. Some hospitals are doing that. Talking to a colleague of mine in the Northeast, he's Chief
of Surgery of a hospital, he said that they were doing -- one of the few surgeries they were doing was
catheter insertion, okay? But not everybody had the luxury. Some of the hotspots, I'm sure that other
than the PD insertions that were done, for instance, in several hospitals in New York City because we sold
a significant amount of therapy into New York to alleviate the pressure on CRRT for patients in the ICU,
it's called the acute PD. We will see probably a small -- a slowdown of PD, and then we'll pick up through
the rest of the year. The demand is there. The home therapies is the way to go for the right patients. And
I think the momentum is not going to be in the long-term altered. It's just now you have this crisis where
the insertion becomes more of an issue. You had a second part to your question. What was that?

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

So the second part was, how much did the supply impact from Revaclear impact the real business right
now? And what's the supply constraint because you're converting manufacturing over into THERANOVA?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, it's around $5 million, okay, around $5 million, the answer on the Revaclear. What we're finding
is our plants producing Revaclear producing the record level right now, both one in the U.S. and one in
Germany. And as we prepare towards the end of the year to convert some of our production lines into
THERANOVA, okay? So as a THERANOVA application, the novum is going through the FDA, and we have --
we're preparing for that launch. We're going to start converting our production lines, and we need to start
doing that in Germany. So you're going to see that swap. But it was about $5 million.

Operator

And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink.

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Congrats on a really good quarter. And thanks for all you're doing in this crazy environment and helping
patients get better. I just -- I had a quick question, a follow-up on PD. It's a non-COVID-related question.
And just curious on any progress you're hearing being made on the kidney initiative? And how is -- how
we're thinking now that you're making heavier significant investments ahead of potentially that initiative
going into place to build for a higher number of PD patients. Where are we with that? How soon can we
know? And how does that change the PD outlook long term?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

We don't see the long-term impact on the AAKHI. You see a pause because I think the administration is
quite busy right now with other matters. But speaking to an official the other day, that is still front and
center for the White House. They want to move forward with this. And I think it will be just a matter
of time. We have done a significant amount of simulations in Monte Carlos and all kinds of work in
understanding capacity demand. And we're ready in July to speak to our Board again on a Phase II. Phase
I is already being put in place, okay? So capacity is being augmented. We're going to start seeing more
capacity coming in next year. But then the thing is projecting 2 or 3 years down the road, we're going to
need to make that investment. So that investment is already planned. We know where it's going to be
made for the most part. We have some decisions to make, but we're down that path. So what you see
with this unfortunate COVID-19, it is a slowdown in decision-making, which we think is just a matter of
time.

Clare Trachtman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Catherine, this is Clare. We have time for one more question. And then following that, I'm going to turn it
back over to Joe.

Operator

Okay. We will -- our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Crédit Suisse.

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So I'll just -- I'll keep it to one. Just one of the things that a lot of other companies have talked about
during -- as we approach and go through the early parts of earnings season here is just the drops in the
second quarter, driven obviously by implants and elective surgeries and things like that. And wondering if
you could talk a little bit about, obviously, much of the exposure that you have at Baxter is not necessarily
in things like implants, but in sort of advanced surgical supplies that are used in the OR, and maybe talk a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

little bit about some of the stock in flows? And I think, Joe, you touched on this earlier in terms of some of
these key elements of supply being stocked or stockpiled into the back half of next year as governments
think differently about these products. But maybe just, Jay or Joe, if you could help us understand some of
the flows that would have maybe not impacted Q1 so much? And maybe they're going to impact Q2? And
how it plays out for the rest of the year?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So Q2 -- let's put it this way. Q1, the $45 million, there was certainly some pre-buy in that number
in the sense that hospitals were anticipating a COVID crisis coming to the U.S. And so we did see some
advanced purchases in buy-ups of critical solutions and supplies. Now as we -- how much of that has
been consumed, we believe the vast majority has been consumed. And we will see continued sales
attendant with the crisis that's ongoing in a large component of our portfolio. But we have about 15% of
our sales between our Advanced Surgery business, along with a few other areas like some of our inhaled
anesthetics, which are very much dependent on elective procedures taking place in hospitals. And to
the extent that those procedures are delayed or curtailed, we will see a negative impact. We expect the
biggest, most prominent impact to occur in the second quarter. But again, how does the second wave
evolve? How does -- how long is wave one? How severe? How do hospitals react? There are so many
variables that are input into our demand signals and so many scenarios that we've developed. That's
why we've kind of put guidance on the side for the time being. We'll watch to see how things evolve
this year. We'll try to understand better. What is the potential wave 2 and a wave 2 impact, and how
does that materialize? And at that point, I think we'll be in a better position to comment on financial
performance. And in particular, financial performance in some of these most impacted segments. Joe
mentioned something, which was quite a good point, which is stockpiling that might occur at a national
level for various countries looking to shore up supply of life-saving and sustaining products. We will --
We'll watch that very carefully and look to support them to the extent that we can.

So with that, maybe I'll turn it over to Joe for some closing comments.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you all for coming -- to calling in today and listening to our earnings call. We, at Baxter, are very
proud of what we're doing today, and we have done everything we can to attend to patients across the
globe. We wish you all to be safe and well. And hopefully, we can return to normalcy for our next earnings
call. So to all of you, thank you very much, and have a good rest of your week.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call with Baxter International. Thank you for
participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

