Baxter International Inc. NYSE:BAX
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 04, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.76

0.80

5.26

0.73

-

3.05

3.09

1.31

3.47

3098.66

3181.00

2.66

2871.61

2886.06

11581.68

11673.00

0.79

12172.56

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-01-2021 8:30 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.74

0.71

0.72

0.76

0.82

0.64

0.83

0.80

10.81 %

(9.86 %)

15.28 %

5.26 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Clare Trachtman
Vice President of Investor
Relations

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Lei Huang
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Baxter International's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded by Baxter and is
copyrighted material. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Baxter's permission. If you have any
objections, please disconnect at this time.

I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Clare Trachtman,, Vice President, Investor Relations at Baxter
International. Ms. Trachtman, you may begin.

Clare Trachtman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Joe
Almeida, Baxter's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Saccaro, Baxter's Chief Financial Officer.
On the call this morning, we will be discussing Baxter's fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial results
along with our financial outlook for 2021.

A supplemental presentation to complement this morning's discussion can be accessed on our website in
the Investors section under Events & News. This presentation includes related non-GAAP reconciliations.

With that, let me start our prepared remarks by reminding everyone that this presentation, including
comments regarding our financial outlook for the first quarter and full year 2021, new product
development, business development and regulatory matters contain forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties, and of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current
expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more detail concerning factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially.

In addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand
Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being
discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this
morning and available on our website.

On the call this morning, we will be discussing operational sales growth which for 2020, adjust for the
impact of foreign exchange and the acquisition of Seprafilm, which closed on February 14, 2020.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joe. Joe?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Clare, and thank you for everyone joining today's call. I hope that you and your loved ones are
staying healthy and safe. I'll begin this morning with a review of Baxter's fourth quarter performance and
some perspective on 2020 as a whole. Jay will provide additional details on the financials, including our
outlook for the first quarter and full year 2021. Then we will close with Q&A.

Obviously, it is impossible to frame this year's performance without reference to the COVID-19 pandemic.
This has been a year like no other, and I once again want to acknowledge the health care providers,
first responders, caregivers, researchers and, of course, patients who are on the front lines of this daily
struggle. And I'm deeply grateful to my Baxter colleagues who continue to make a difference, not only
battling COVID-19, but across all of the acute and chronic conditions addressed by our broad portfolio.

In the spirit of our mission, we've partnered with 3 companies to manufacture selected COVID-19 vaccines
through our Baxter BioPharma Solutions business. We're privileged to work alongside these companies
and proud to bring our leading-edge contract manufacturing capabilities to the fight against this pandemic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Our results in 2020 demonstrate our commitment to driving performance and reflect the diversity and
durability of our portfolio amid these challenging market conditions. Baxter delivered fourth quarter
reported sales growth of 5%, 3% at constant currency rates and 2% operation. On the bottom line,
adjusted earnings per share were $0.80, down 18% year-over-year, reflecting a challenging comparison to
the prior year quarter, our strongest quarter since the Baxalta spin-off as well as the ongoing impact of the
pandemic on our business.

Geographically, growth was led by our Asia Pacific segment, which was up 8% at constant currency rates.
This reflects the region's overall momentum and leadership in pandemic containment and recovery. Fourth
quarter year-over-year sales growth was 5% for EMEA and flat in the Americas, also at constant rates.
4 of our 6 GBUs grew for the quarter at constant rates, unless otherwise noted, all sales growth figures
discussed are compared to the prior year period at constant currency rates. Growth was led by Acute
Therapies at 50%. This reflects sustained higher demand for continuous renal replacement therapy, or
CRRT, products used in the treatment of COVID-19.

Our Renal Care business delivered mid single-digit growth for the quarter, driven by ongoing strength for
peritoneal dialysis therapies, particularly in the U.S. During the quarter, we announced FDA authorization
of our Homechoice Claria APD cycler which features Sharesource, the only two-way remote patient
management platform for PD patients in the U.S. This new cycler option alongside AMIA supports our
ability to expand accessibility to home-based therapy as the new CMS end-stage renal disease treatment
choices or ETC payment model takes effect this year.

While the impact of COVID has been more muted on Baxter's Renal Care business, overall ESRD patient
volumes in 2020 have been depressed by COVID as this patient population is experiencing a higher
mortality rate and the incidence of new patient diagnosis is slow.

As the leader in home therapies, we have launched a global campaign Safer at Home, designed to educate
clinicians and patients around the world about the benefits of peritoneal dialysis therapy and increased
awareness of alternatives to in-center hemodialysis treatment. As a result, we expect home therapies
growth to continue to outpace that of overall ESRD growth.

Clinical Nutrition also grew mid-single digits, reflecting the benefit of the new product launches, enhanced
commercial execution, competitive dynamics in U.S. and the demand for nutrition products as part of
COVID-19 patient treatment.

Advanced Surgery grew at 10%, benefiting from the impact of our early 2020 Seprafilm acquisition.
Adjusting for the acquisition and foreign exchange, Advanced Surgery declined low single digits
operationally year-over-year, reflecting the ongoing lower rate of surgical procedures globally amid the
COVID-19 pandemic.

Sales in our Medication Delivery and Pharmaceuticals businesses both declined mid-single digits, reflecting
lower rates of hospital admissions versus pre-COVID levels. Declines in admissions were partially
offset by increased utilization and stocking of a range of products used in treating COVID-19 patients,
including certain presentations of our large volume parenterals, Mini-bags and select generic injectable
pharmaceuticals.

Shifting perspective to full year 2020. Baxter achieved sales growth of 3% on both the reported and
constant currency basis and 2% operation. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $3.09,
declining 7% versus 2019.

The essential nature of our portfolio has long been fundamental to our business model and mission to
save and sustain lives. This certainly proved essential to our overall 2020 results, while utilization of
certain products and therapies declined in light of pandemic conditions. It surged in others, none more so
than our Acute Therapies portfolio as well as a range of other products across our GBUs. These products
emerged at the core of pandemic care. And as demand grows to record levels, we invested as necessary
to help increase the flow of these products to the patients and clinicians who will rely on this globally.

Amid the unpredictability of 2020, we remained focused on our strategic objectives, which include
advancing health care innovation, delivering value to all its stakeholders. You can see many highlights

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

in today's press release. And this is not changing as we seize the opportunities in 2021 and beyond. The
global launch of our leading-edge NOVUM IQ infusion platform achieved key milestones at the end of
2020 with CE marking in Europe and Health Canada approval. And we are on track to resubmit our 510(k)
application to FDA by the close of the first quarter. Plus our new product pipeline includes additional
generic injectables and the next-generation of our market-leading PrisMax technology among other
highlights.

In addition, we will continue pursuing attractive business development and licensing opportunities in
line with our core portfolio in key adjacencies. To the extent we don't find opportunities that meet our
disciplined strategic and financial criteria, we will return value to the shareholders through dividends and
share repurchases.

Baxter's momentum is also evident in other ways, like our growing Net Promoter Scores globally
demonstrating the strength of our customer relationships and laying the groundwork for expanding
opportunities. And it can be seen in our wide-ranging ESG recognition, which reflects our standing as a
good corporate citizen and an employer of choice for top talent. That's why I remain optimistic about our
future.

Baxter transformation, now entering its sixth year, has done far more than strengthen our financial
performance. It has strengthened our agility, adaptability, resilience and tenacity. These attributes
alongside our enduring mission and essential portfolio have been key to navigating today's uncertainty.
They will remain at the heart of driving value for patients, clinicians and shareholders as the global health
care landscape continues evolving rapidly.

Now I will pass it on to Jay, who will take a closer look at our financial performance and outlook for 2021.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, our fourth quarter results demonstrate the
durability of our portfolio and adaptability of our employees and operations to deliver on our mission.

Although 2020 presented some unique challenges, we remain focused on accelerating top line growth
through continued execution on new product launches, market development initiatives and partnerships
and strategic business development. And we are committed to driving improvement in operating margins
with particular emphasis on gross margin expansion.

To that extent, we've established a similar program to what was put in place to transform and optimize our
operating expenses. We expect to begin recognizing benefits from this program in 2021 and beyond.

Our current plan is to provide our new long-term financial outlook in the fall of this year. We're targeting
September 20 to host an in-person investor conference but will pivot to virtual if necessary.

Turning to our fourth quarter 2020 results. Global sales of $3.2 billion advanced 5% on a reported basis,
3% on a constant currency basis and 2% on an operational basis, despite the surge in cases of COVID
around the globe and in the face of our most challenging comparison to the prior year period.

We estimate COVID negatively impacted net revenues by over $100 million in the quarter. On the bottom
line, adjusted earnings declined 18% to $0.80 per share as the negative impact from COVID on our
businesses as well as higher interest expense and tax rate more than offset operational growth in the
quarter.

Now I'll walk through performance by our regional segments and global business units. Starting with our
3 regional segments. Sales in Americas were flat on a constant currency basis and declined 1% on an
operational basis. Sales in Europe, Middle East and Africa advanced 5% on both a constant currency and
operational basis. And sales in our Asia Pacific region advanced 8% on a constant currency basis and 6%
operationally.

Moving on to performance by global business units. Note that for this quarter, constant currency growth
is equal to operational sales growth for all global businesses with the exception of our Advanced Surgery

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

business, for which we will provide both constant currency and operational growth adjusting for the
acquisition of Seprafilm.

Global sales for Renal Care were $1 billion, advancing 4% on a constant currency basis. Performance in
the quarter was driven by global growth in both our PD and HD businesses. PD benefited from mid-single-
digit patient growth in the U.S. and APAC regions. As Joe referenced, the pandemic has clearly reinforced
the advantages of home-based PD treatment and the implementation of the new CMS ETC payment model
this year will further accelerate the shift of care to the home for ESRD patients in the U.S.

Sales in Medication Delivery of $753 million declined 3% on a constant currency basis. As Joe mentioned,
hospitalization rates remain depressed compared to pre-COVID levels, impacting our Medication Delivery
business. This pressure was partially offset by increased demand for IV solutions in the U.S. related to
COVID care protocols and a government stockpile order. Internationally, we continue to see growth within
our Infusion Systems business led by increased placements of our Evo IQ pump platform, and we look
forward to building further momentum in 2021. As a reminder, this quarter represented a challenging
comparison as growth in Medication Delivery advanced 19% on a constant currency basis in the fourth
quarter of 2019.

Pharmaceutical sales of $571 million declined 4% on a constant currency basis, reflecting ongoing
pressure from lower hospitalization rates. Additionally, we continue to experience lower demand for our
inhaled anesthesia products globally. These declines were partially offset by increased demand for our
international pharmacy compounding business.

Moving to Nutrition. Total sales were $246 million, increasing 4% on a constant currency basis. Strong
performance in the quarter was driven by the benefit of recent new product launches, competitor
shortages in amino acids and demand for certain products used in the treatment of COVID patients as well
as enhanced commercial execution, notably in our EMEA region.

Sales in Advanced Surgery were $260 million, advancing 10% on a constant currency basis and declining
2% on an operational basis. The acquisition of Seprafilm in February contributed approximately $30 million
of sales in the quarter, while globally, surgical procedures remain below pre-COVID levels. We did see
improvement in the U.S. and estimate that for the fourth quarter, surgical procedures were flat to pre-
COVID levels above our prior expectation of mid-single declines. Also, as a reminder, the fourth quarter of
2019 benefited from select competitive shortages that did not repeat in 2020.

Sales in our Acute Therapies business were $221 million, representing growth of 50% on a constant
currency basis, driven by ongoing COVID-related demand as the acuity of cases remained high during the
fourth quarter.

Finally, sales in our other category, which primarily includes our contract manufacturing services, were
$117 million in the quarter, declining 4% on a constant currency basis.

Moving through the rest of the P&L. Our adjusted gross margin of 41.4% declined by 430 basis points over
the prior year, driven by lower sales of higher-margin products, increased operations expenses related to
COVID and unfavorable manufacturing variances due to lower production volumes.

Adjusted SG&A of $622 million declined 1% on a year-over-year basis, driven by a reduction of
discretionary spending related to COVID restrictions, lower bonus accruals under our annual employee
incentive compensation plans.

Adjusted R&D spending in the quarter of $132 million declined 14% on a reported basis, reflecting our
continued efforts to enhance our processes and optimize our R&D organization, along with reductions in
discretionary spend due to COVID.

Adjusted operating margin in the quarter was 17.7%, a decrease of 230 basis points versus the prior year,
reflecting the factors I just discussed.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Net interest expense was $38 million in the quarter, an increase of $18 million compared to the prior year,
driven by increased interest expense from higher outstanding debt balances as well as decreased interest
income due to lower interest rates.

Other adjusted nonoperating expense totaled $5 million in the quarter compared to $16 million of income
in the prior year period. This includes increased expenses related to foreign exchange and reduced pension
benefits as compared to the prior year period.

The adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 20.2%, above our expectations, driven primarily by the mix of
earnings in the quarter.

Turning to the full year 2020. Sales of $11.7 billion increased by 3% on both a reported and constant
currency basis and 2% on an operational basis. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings decreased 7% to
$3.09 per diluted share.

On a full year basis, we generated free cash flow of approximately $1.2 billion. This represents a decrease
of $250 million versus the prior year period, in part related to carrying higher inventory levels for
pandemic preparedness as well as the impact from settlement of all outstanding interest rate derivative
contracts.

As of the end of the year, we had approximately $3.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents on our balance
sheet, along with $6.2 billion of long-term indebtedness. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $500
million or 6.3 million shares of common stock. And over the course of the year, deployed approximately
$500 million to inorganic business development opportunities. We'll continue to balance our investments
across organic and inorganic initiatives to fuel our growth and drive margin expansion.

Let me conclude my comments by discussing our outlook for the first quarter and full year 2021. For the
full year 2021, we expect global growth of 7% to 8% on a reported basis and 4% to 5% on a constant
currency basis. I would like to point out the key assumptions reflected in our full year sales outlook, which
include approximately 300 basis points of foreign exchange impact.

Our current expectation is that on a full year basis, hospital admission rates and surgical procedures are
going to remain below pre-COVID levels, roughly down mid-single digits for the year. Our expectation
is that rates will improve sequentially throughout the year to exit Q4 with admissions down slightly and
procedures roughly flat.

Moving down to P&L. We anticipate adjusted operating margin to expand between 20 to 50 basis points,
reflecting the continued impact from COVID on our business. This impact will be most notable during the
first half of the year and then ease as the year progresses.

For the year, we expect an average adjusted tax rate of approximately 18% to 18.5% and a full year
diluted average share count between the range of 510 million to 515 million shares. This share count
reflects the fourth quarter repurchases and assume that any additional repurchases are only undertaken to
offset dilution.

Based on these factors, we expect 2021 adjusted earnings, excluding special items, of $3.35 to $3.43 per
diluted share. Specific to the first quarter of 2021, we expect growth of approximately 3% on a reported
basis and sales to decline low single digits on a constant currency basis. We expect adjusted earnings,
excluding special items, of $0.63 to $0.65 per diluted share.
With that, we can now open the call for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] I would like to remind participants that this call is being recorded and additional
replay will be available on the Baxter International website for 60 days at www.baxter.com. First question
comes from Vijay Kumar.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess I'll start off with one on the revenue guidance here. You look at back half of fiscal '20, this is really
impressive, right, up low singles, Q1 down low singles, anything going on for Q1? And when I think about
you back out all the COVID nice. It looks like the basis, you guys are looking at 5.5-ish, 6-ish on the base.
Is that correct?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So Vijay, in terms of growth in Q1, obviously, the key factor that's in play is we had an incredibly
strong Q1 of last year. And so we exceeded our expectations. And frankly, it was really some -- there
was certainly some pre-buying related to COVID, but also strength across the portfolio. So as we think
about the sequencing, our most challenging comp is in the first quarter, and we expect the lowest level of
performance. And it really is in those areas that are primarily impacted by COVID.

Obviously, Q2 and Q3 have much easier comps, so we will start to see some nice growth there. And then
we do expect to close the year with some growth against what is a fairly challenging comp given the
strong performance in Q1. The guidance of 4% to 5% on a year-over-year basis includes $50 million to
$100 million of improvement related to COVID.

So we are still expecting relative to normalized levels very substantial COVID impact. So that will abate
over time. And certainly, in the second half, it will be better than the first. But we'll see -- we're expecting
to see about $50 million to $100 million of improvement. So really, that's the story on the overall guidance
from a sales perspective.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes, that's helpful, Jay. And then maybe one on EPS. Your total reported revenues growing 7% to 8%, the
EPS guide would suggest high singles to doubles, not a whole lot of leverage. And I guess, last year, you
guys had $150 million of incremental expenses. So my question is, why wouldn't we see better margin
pull-through for fiscal '21? And has anything changed on the underlying Baxter thesis of being a premium
margin story when you think about the outlook?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Overall, margin improvement is a crucial part of our long-term focus and the long-term story of the
company. So we are very focused on this. You heard in my prepared remarks, some comments in terms
of implementing now gross margin improvements in similar ways using a similar methodology to what we
applied to operating expenses over the last several years. With the new leader for our manufacturing area
coming in, Jim Borzi, we're incredibly excited about our opportunity to drive gross margin.

But there are some peculiarities that you have to think about with respect to 2021. While from a
manufacturing standpoint, we're expecting maybe 150 basis points of improvement as some of these
COVID costs abate, we also have an OpEx normalization that we have to contend with. And what I mean
by that is things like travel, the bonus pool, discretionary spending, we -- all of those were sources of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

savings in 2020, and those pools are rebuilt in 2021 as we start to look at accelerating growth for the
long-term. So that's roughly 100 basis points of headwind as we look at 2021.

And then I would add to that, while the FX environment from a sales standpoint is favorable, that's
roughly 30 basis points of headwind as we approach next year on the operating margin line. So you put
those items together, along with our continued normal focus on operating improvement and you land
where we are with respect to the guidance that we shared.

What I will tell you is it really is a very different story, first half to second half. In the first half, we have
some continued COVID costs, we have some continued rollout of manufacturing impacts, and we have a
lower revenue base. What happens in the second half is we have a larger revenue base in place. We're
able to -- most of the COVID costs are gone by the second half. And then finally, we will start to see and
expect to see some of the improvements that Jim and his team are addressing, they accrue more to the
second half.

So I think as we get to Q3, Q4, you'll see margins that you're more normally used to seeing. In the first
half of the year, it will be a bit lower than what we've typically seen in the past. So -- but again, the core
part of the story, we are very focused on this particular area, and it's a long-term valuation driver for us.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And so the message is nothing fundamental has changed on the margin upside.

Operator

Our next question on the line comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Congrats on a good quarter. Jay, I was hoping you could spend a few minutes on the cadence and
some of the onetime items this year. There's a lot of moving pieces, particularly in 2020, a lot of moving
pieces that play out and especially without segment level guidance, I thought it would just be really
helpful if you could walk us through maybe the cadence through the year and some of the notable items,
pluses or minuses to be aware of as we go up and down the model for the rest of '21?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So just thinking about the cadence of sales, we've given you the Q1 to work with. Obviously, that
is, as I said to Vijay, our most challenging quarter of the year. And it's really challenging across the board,
although I will say that we do expect to see continued performance in Acute in the first quarter before that
becomes a very challenging comp in the future.

As we move on to Q2 and Q3, the growth rate is much higher. Q2 was, I believe, one of the only quarters,
if the only, we declined this year. And so from a comp standpoint, while we still expect to have an impact
on both admissions and procedures in the second quarter, we do see -- we'll see a strong growth quarter
in the second quarter and third quarter on the back of easy comps related to COVID impacts.

And then in the fourth quarter, our current thinking is sort of lower single digit, but growth nonetheless, in
large part, driven by the strength of portfolio, some of the launches starting to impact sales in the fourth
quarter. So those are some of the drivers there.

From a business unit standpoint, Renal, generally speaking, is steady. Our Acute business will face severe
challenges beginning in Q2, as you would expect. Medication Delivery has easier comps from Q2 to Q4, so
we'll see some nice growth in that category. Our Pharmaceuticals business also, which has been impacted
by COVID fairly substantially, will have a challenging Q1, but then again, growth beyond that. Nutrition
overall, we've seen a solid performance in Nutrition, proud of the progress there, that will continue,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

although there is an easy comp in the second quarter. And then Advanced Surgery will behave like a lot of
the discretionary procedure businesses that you're familiar with.

Now what I will say is all of this is underlined by our market assumptions on COVID. And so there's a lot of
optimism lately in terms of patient trends and so on, and we're certainly excited about that and the impact
of vaccines as we move forward. But the way we see it, Q1, we expect to be down relative to pre-COVID
levels from a hospital census standpoint, double digits; from a surgical procedure standpoint, mid-single.
Q2 starts to improve, so you'll see sort of mid-single in census -- or high single-digit in hospital census.
And then surgical procedures improve from the mid-single digits. And then Q3, Q4, much more normal.

So really, that's a crucial underlying assumption for us. If that plays out as is, guidance should be solid.
But again, a lot of variables in play here that we have to contend with.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. That's a really helpful color. And Joe, I was hoping you could touch on the pipeline and the outlook.
There were a lot of products that were set to launch, but got put on hold from COVID, Myxredlin comes to
mind. We have a slight delay in the pump launch, but that should still be a great opportunity. PD growth
is really healthy, with AAHKI (sic) [AAKHI] really just starting to come on. I was hoping you could spend a
minute on some of the key pipeline growth drivers here, where they stand and what to expect from them
over the next 12 to 24 months?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Robbie, good morning. Good morning, everyone. Listen, the pipeline that we have got disrupted in 2020,
but we feel that we have momentum coming into 2021 and 2022. If you think about the ETC, we believe
that PD as a category will be a high single-digit growth, which is probably 300 to 400 basis points above
the market growth of ESRD. Baxter is well positioned to capitalize on that. We do have investments. We
made investments in capacity. And we are prepared to support the growth. As a matter of fact, we have to
anticipate some capacity investments because the growth of the category has surpassed our expectations.
So even in a COVID year like 2020, we saw growth of that category. So that is one of the drivers.

The other one, Marcus, that you mentioned is the pump. We're all excited about it. But I don't speak on
behalf of agencies across the globe. We are filing with the FDA, hopefully, by the end of the first quarter
as we prepare the documentation. We have worked collaboratively. I don't speak on behalf of the agency.
I can't predict what the agency is going to do. On our side that we control, we will do the best we can
to have this all filed. And if we need to make adjustments across the globe with other friends, we will.
We are very -- we're confident that we can launch the NOVUM in 2021. It's a new platform. It's an open
architecture platform and we have great hopes for this product.

We also have new pharmaceutical molecules. They are launching this year, but just going back and
looking, the launch of Myxredlin was impacted by COVID-19 in 2020. We think that with the exit,
momentum of December -- November and December, we see this molecule gaining momentum. We have
a lot of new accounts signed up. So I think we're getting there, and we are in place right now that we
don't speak about cyclophosphamide anymore. So we were able to do what we wanted to do, which is
to change the mix of the Pharmaceutical business. That is one that we continue to invest organic and
inorganically as well.

I think a couple of other things, if I think about the P&L, the gross margin improvement driven by supply
chain is one that we are laser focused. Jay has spoken about our digital transformation, which will affect
our G&A and how we do business. And also, I think the cash in the balance sheet is a great advantage to
us, either on the M&A point of view with small gains or perhaps large ones. But if nothing comes above the
large ones, we will return the money to the shareholders, creating value as well. So I think, altogether, it
shows a good breath of optimism and success for Baxter.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Joanne Wuensch with Citi is on the line with a question.

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I want to circle back a bit to your comment on declining hospital admissions and procedures flat year-
over-year exiting the year. And I want to make sure that it was versus 2020 versus 2019. And I wanted to
understand how you're thinking about some level of pent-up demand and procedures.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Maybe...

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Jay, you can take it perhaps.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, certainly, Joe, and then you can add anything that you'd like in terms of other aspects to the answer.
So Joanne, thanks for the question. The -- as we think about the 2 categories, hospital census and
surgical volumes, we really make our comparisons to pre-COVID levels. And so if we think about the
fourth quarter of 2020, our hospital census, as we see it, was roughly down 10%. And our surgical
volumes was roughly flat as there was some pent-up demand that was capitalized on in the fourth quarter
of this year.

Now as we move to 2021, our assumptions are, roughly, hospital census continues to be down in the
first quarter, double digits relative to those pre-COVID levels and it ends the year at down roughly 3%.
And that's our current working assumption. But it's an important driver for us, Joanne, and we'll watch
that very carefully during the course of the year. And it's a fairly linear improvement over the course of
the year. So on a full year basis, relative to pre-COVID levels, were down mid-single digits on the census
standpoint.

From a surgical volume standpoint, our sense is Q4 did benefit from some pent-up demand. So in Q1, we
are expecting a decline relative to pre-COVID levels in the mid-single digits range. And then it improves
from there. And by Q4, we're assuming down a couple of percent relative to pre-COVID levels. So this is --
we expect surgical volumes to perform a little bit better than general hospital census on a full year basis.

So that's our current assumptions. We'll update that every quarter. It's something that we're very focused
on as it is an important driver of our overall sales volumes.

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And as a follow-up question, product wise. The pump business, there's a lot of moving parts there.
There's a competitive landscape piece of it. There's a stocking piece of it associated with COVID and then
obviously, the NOVUM IQ one. How do you think about that ramping through the year in each of those
factors?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Joanne, we think that the launch plans are set. We do not promote products which are not approved. So
we -- but we have an idea of what is the replacement rates on the marketplace. We also understand the
frustration of some of the customers who have competitive product on the aging of the platform.

So we think -- we put our plans based on that. I think there were some stockpiling in terms of pumps
in some parts of the world. But the cycle to replace old platforms, either 7, 8 or 9 years, depends upon

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

how a hospital sees that is still there. So I believe that our new pump will create the momentum and the
impetus perhaps for a hospital to look at that.

We do have the plans. We're not going to speak about the plans, but we do have the plans. But more
importantly, we do not promote a product prior to its approval.

Operator

Bob Hopkins with Bank of Americas is on the line with a question.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

I just 2 questions, and I'll just state them upfront. First, I just wanted a little more clarity on the pump
resubmission and refiling that you talked about. You said, hopefully, by the end of the first quarter,
Joe, that I think originally, you're hoping more like the very beginning of the first quarter. Maybe I
misremembering there, but just wanted to make sure that everything is on track there and what else you
need to do before you refile?

And then the other question I wanted to ask was a little bit longer term and it's a COVID-related question.
And the question is, when you think about your core markets, are there any that you think are now
because of COVID, a little structurally weaker due to either pricing or changes in how care will be delivered
going forward? Just thinking a little bit longer-term with that question. And then, again, just a little more
clarity on where we are with the pump resubmission.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Bob. The resubmission, when I say hopefully, is because we are working on the time line.
We have plans and everything is in place to execute this by the end of Q1. We were more hopeful in first
-- second -- third quarter last year to submit it faster. But I think slowing down to speed up was wise
decision by Baxter.

We had contact with the FDA, and that contact has been very collaborative to the point that we
understood some of the things that we had to prepare in more detail. So instead of rushing to get
something in, we worked with the agency, continue to very collaboratively. So we have what is needed for
them to evaluate the pump.

So every time that I think about of any plans in the future, like this submission is I'm very, very optimistic,
and I have the confirmation from our executives that this is going to happen. But I always say hopefully,
because I think things happen that we don't anticipate. But at this moment, I don't see anything that
would prevent us create -- from filing this at the end of the first quarter. I want to make sure that, that's
clear.

On your other question on COVID, there are structural changes in the market, primarily how people see
care. But more importantly is how long is this COVID pandemic and preventive measures will stick with us
and how long the herd immunity -- it will takes us to get herd immunity and people feel more comfortable
doing things differently.

I think there's a huge adaptability that we're seeing. Hospitals have these separate wards. And we believe
that there are some changes in how people consult with their primary care physicians. People who have
cancer, unfortunately need infusion. They need infusion, they either needed to go to an infusion center or
they need to go home and have it then in a place that is safe.

People who need surgery, they will need to have the surgery, no matter what, otherwise, they go in and
they're sicker later. People who need to be admitted because they have issues, they need to -- so I believe
that the return of the pre COVID will happen with changes in technology that will allow for better triage.

I want to point to the home because this is a part that people sometimes are forgetting. We look a lot
of that acute side, but their home treatments are the ones that I think will gain prevalence and will gain

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

preference. In Baxter, being a home care company in the ESRD space plays well for our PD business.
And we've seen that. Even with issues that we saw in 2020 with reduction in patient census, we still see
momentum of that therapy mode, and we are very focused on that.

So that is the momentum that has shifted. When it got to Baxter, the growth of PD was at ESRD or lower
in most places in the world. And today, I see that reversing. And I think COVID is an affirmation that those
changes are ahead.

Operator

David Lewis with Morgan Stanley is on the line with a question.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just 2 for me, one kind of industry for Joe, and then maybe one for Jay. Maybe I'll just start, Jay, with
you on margins. Just looking at 21, Jay, kind of a 2-part question. Just thinking about gross and operating
margins, the numbers sort of apply maybe kind of 18% ish for '21; gross margins, maybe 44%. Is that
kind of roughly correct? And when do you think you can get gross margins back to kind of 2019 levels?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, David. As we look at the mix,and -- hang on one second here. As we look at the mix between gross
and operating margin, you're right, roughly the gross margin we're looking at in the 44% range and then
on the way to the operating margin that we've identified. And really what's going to happen is it is a story
of 2 different halves. Specifically, in the first half of the year, we still have some COVID costs. We still have
the rollout of some manufacturing variations from Q4 hitting the first quarter and some into the second
quarter. And so -- and then finally, we also have a lower sales level, generally speaking, which isn't good
for sort of positive manufacturing variations.

So all those things negatively impact the first half of the year. And so we will see a fairly substantial step-
up to that from below kind of that average level to something above it in the second half of the year. And
then the same story holds true on operating margin. We'll start to see some real leverage on SG&A in the
second half of the year, in part as we get the incremental sales, but also at some of the savings initiatives
from the digital transformation start to play out into our numbers.

So it really is a story of 2 halves in terms of margin improvement. As we look longer-term about
comparisons to prior years and so on, I think that -- as I said, you'll get close from a gross margin
standpoint by the end of this year to the pre-COVID levels. And then we'll share some more guidance on
long-term expectations when we get together in September. But core to our story and core to our focus is
this idea that we want to be more efficient and we intend to be more efficient, in particular on the gross
margin line for the coming years. It's an important part of our valuation.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Super helpful. And then, Joe, just kind of 2 related questions on Renal. There are 2 dynamics that I
think industry is talking about this year. One is the positive impact of the ETC model. And you talked about
that a little bit. And the second is, obviously, this terrible thing where COVID mortality is suppressing the
dialysis pool, which I'm sort of assuming impacts you less because PD patients are earlier in treatment
protocol. But just give us a sense of the positive ETC model, can that impact numbers positively here in
'21? Or is that more likely '22? And are you likely to see any impact from this increased mortality from
COVID in dialysis?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

David, the ETC is a positive. And we are looking at the rebound in 2021 of patient census. That's our
prediction, our forecast. So we're seeing that going up to high single digits. So that is a positive. And as I

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

said before, when I first joined Baxter, our census was at best ESRD average growth, and we are seeing
this to be higher than that.

Now the growth like fully expected. I will see 2022, it is where we take off on this and becomes fully
realized. 2021, because the first quarter is still a COVID environment, you'll see a little reduction, but then
it's going to pick up. And we've seen the pickup also not only in the U.S., but in Latin America and China
and other places that we're strong in peritoneal dialysis. So all in all, 2021 is a rebound year, fully realizing
growth in 2022.

Second, on your question on mortality, it is -- we saw increase in mortality due to the situation of COVID.
As that ameliorates into 2021, we probably should see the reversal of that. And remember, we are a big
company in the U.S. We are an HD, hemodialysis, company outside the U.S. as well, but we have -- we've
seen that mortality affect the business, which we think will be reversed in 2021. That's why 2021 is a
rebound year with full realization in 2022.

Operator

We have a question from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

A few questions here on Renal as well. Just to follow up on David's question on the mortality of ESRD
patients. Did you guys see the maximum impact sort of during the fourth quarter? And as you look at
early 2021, the vaccine rollout to sort of that population, have you already seen that begin to moderate at
this point?

Also, during the script, you talked about the incidence of end-stage renal disease patients seem to be
slowing down. I'm curious what -- why you think that is and how fast that rebounds? And finally, looking
at the number of new patients with end-stage renal disease, is the conversion rate to PD versus in-center
different today than it was 2 years ago? And how should we think about that for 2021?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Pito, We saw mortality to be less for us than perhaps for other providers of service center when it comes
to PD in the U.S., okay? So that is a fact. The other thing is we saw fourth quarter slowdown because the
rampant aspect of the pandemic in Q4, that was tremendously -- that was filling up hospitals. And how do
you get PDs and insertion of a catheter, that surgery, and people have to go to the hospital.

Despite the fact the association said that to be an emergency surgery, some people just did not have the
capacity to do it or did not have the time to go into a hospital queue to get it done.

So I think Q4 was depressed by the pandemic without a doubt. How do we see the mix shift going
into 2021, as you become -- as the cases go down, vaccination becomes more prevalent, primarily on
people who are highly at risk like patients in the ESRD, and you see all the protocols from the CDC to
vaccinate folks like that first. So you will see probably these folks going back, the people going back into
PD modality into 2021, like I answered today that we see a rebound in 2021 with full realization of that in
2022.

And this is what our forecast, our viewing this is that this is 300 to 400 basis points above the ESRD
average PD. So it is -- we're starting to see growth. We saw growth before, and we will continue because
PD starting to see the growth. You just need to understand that 2021 will be a little bit of a transition in
the beginning of the year and picking up towards the end of the year when you have more herd immunity.

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. And just to follow up on that one. We saw the incidence of end-stage disease decline during the
year. Just curious why you think that is? And does it normalize out into 2021, maybe the bolus of patients?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

The incidence has come down because the access to health care was also impacted in the very beginning
and they carried through, probably got a little better during the summer months and late spring, summer
months. But as we got into the fall, things became more difficult as people became more isolated due to
all the protocols for lockdowns. So I believe the delay visits were the major driver of that.

But you see that they will pick up as we are starting to see less cases. This will normalize, as I said before.
Look at the first quarter and first half of this year as a transition, then moves into an acceleration into the
third and fourth quarter because of the herd immunity and vaccination.

Operator

Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink is on the line with a question.

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Joe, just a follow-up question on Renal. And how to think about -- so 2 questions actually. Number one, as
it relates to the AAKHI. I mean it feels like there's a lot of tailwinds here around pushing patients into the
home. You're call it -- you called out in the presentation, mid-single-digit PD patient growth. When do we
see that start to accelerate? I guess, we probably have to get through COVID. But when should we -- as
we look at our models, think of that starting to accelerate. And then what could be -- what do you think
could be the ultimate penetration here for PD in the U.S.? And then I have one follow-up.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Danielle, we -- if you just do a rough math on the rule on the ETC, you see that you need to be at high
single digits or very low double digits to be able to get to the demonstration of results to get what the
rule has set to be achieved for home therapies, right, to have the same -- to have other indicators for
transplants and things like that. So if we think about that, and take 2020 as the year where things have
slowed down, you eventually catch up in 2021, realize full growth in 2022. And this has been -- like I
said, we think this is going to be high single digits, low -- sometimes low double-digit growth for the PD
business.

So we believe that, that opportunity is there and will be realized. This would be realized. So think about
the PD penetration, to answer your question directly, being about 20% over the time period, okay?

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then just on the point-of-care PD, or real-time PD production product. I know COVID
has probably delayed that. But any updates on timing for that system and sort of where we are in the
regulatory process?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you. We finished our first phase in proving the technology. We did clinicals on that. We proved
the technology work -- the technology works. We're happy with that. We are putting that as in a second
development plan, meaning we're decelerating that development and accelerating a new cycle because we
believe despite the fact we would benefit from a point-of-care, we've got to get a cycler that it has more
affordability and more global in nature.

So we're putting our resources in what we call our new project, [ Project UNO ], which we are very excited
about it. It's 3 to 3.5 years in the making in the future, but that is something that we need more urgently
than point-of-care. And so that technology point-of-care is proven, we can deliver that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

More importantly for Baxter right now was to immediately make some capacity investments, which we did,
and to be able to attend our customers. Second is to develop a cycler, which is global in nature and more
affordable. So that is something that we'll provide to our customers on a global basis. If you think about
automatically -- automatic PD is only done in countries which have higher income per capita. And so --
but the incidence is actually not only in those countries. It's across the globe. And I think, to have a more
affordable product, it is the mission of the company. And so we took -- that took precedence over rolling
out on-demand fluid making. But we can make it, we've proven, and we will activate when we think it's
best.

Clare Trachtman
Vice President of Investor Relations

We have time for one more question.

Operator

We have a question from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lei Huang
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

This is Lei calling in for Larry. I want to go back to NOVUM IQ for a minute. Can you talk about -- you
talked about filing around the end of Q1, hopefully, can you talk about your confidence level in launching
the product in second half '21? I believe that was the previous goal. And related to that, what's assuming
your guidance about NOVUM IQ? Then I have a follow-up.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

The NOVUM IQ, when I say hopefully, it's because we are engaged and we'll get it done. I'm hopeful
because if something comes up, we always address what needs to be. So we're not going to rush in filing
for something if we're not ready. But I have to affirm to you guys, as far as I'm sitting here today, as far
as I know, everything is ready and right to file at the end of the quarter. That I can tell you. What I cannot
tell you is how long will take the FDA to review it. We know that there is a fixed amount of time, but we
know the questions. We've been working closely with them because we want to do the best job we can in
answering all the questions beforehand. But nevertheless, the process is somehow predictable, but is not
the right -- it's not my right to predict what the FDA is going to do.

So I want to make sure that you know that we are very hopeful for this product. We're going to launch this
product this year, assuming the FDA approves the product in the U.S. And as far I'm sitting here today,
as far as the information I have, we are ready -- we will be ready to file with the FDA at the end of the
quarter.

Lei Huang
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Are you willing to say if you've assumed anything for NOVUM IQ in the guidance for this year?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Joe, maybe I'll just make a comment on that?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Please.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

We do have some sales embedded in the fourth quarter for NOVUM IQ. But as far as specifics, we won't
share product line details at that level. But we do have an assumption regarding some sales. We think it's
appropriately risk-adjusted, and we're very optimistic and hopeful that we get this pump approved.

Lei Huang
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And then if I can just have one more very quick one. In the other line where you have the vaccine
contract, can you give any color on kind of what's assumed in that? I think you mentioned there are a few
contracts signed already.

Clare Trachtman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. I will -- I'll give some color on that -- with respect to that, Lei. We do have some, but we -- right now,
we're assuming we aren't manufacturing. It's more of a second half thing for us. So we had talked about
kind of across all of the contracts as being somewhere between $50 million to $100 million. And then -- so
I would say it's likely half of that given that it's second half weighted for us. Now it could be better. But for
right now, that's what we're assuming.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

And that opportunity is partially in 2021. We do believe there will be some opportunity in 2022 related to
those vaccines.

Operator
And there are no further questions at this time. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's
conference call with Baxter International. Thank you for participating.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

