Becton, Dickinson and Company 

NYSE:BDX
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.54

2.79

9.84

2.98

9.94

10.20

2.62

12.52

4478.89

4784.00

6.81

4743.01

16819.06

17117.00

1.77

18745.46

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-05-2020 12:45 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

2.64

2.29

2.07

2.54

2.65

2.55

2.20

2.79

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

0.38 %

11.35 %

6.28 %

9.84 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief
Administrative Officer

Kristen Marie Stewart
Senior Vice President of Strategy &
Investor Relations

Lawrence Soren Keusch
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Simon D. Campion
Executive VP & President of
Interventional Segment

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Andrew William Stafford
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to BD's Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Full Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. At the request
of BD, today's call is being recorded. It will be available for replay through November 12, 2020, on the
Investors page of the bd.com website or by phone at (800) 585-8367 for domestic calls and area code
(404) 537-3406 for international calls, using confirmation number, 4475229.

[Operator Instructions]

Beginning today's call is Ms. Kristen Stewart, Senior Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. Ms.
Stewart, you may begin.

Kristen Marie Stewart
Senior Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations

Thanks, Crystal, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to BD's review of our fiscal fourth quarter results.
Joining me today, we have Tom Polen, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Chris Reidy, Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer.

During the Q&A portion of the call, we will have 3 segment presidents joining us. Alberto Mas, President
of the Medical segment; Patrick Kaltenbach, President of our Life Sciences segment; and Simon Campion,
President of Interventional segment.

A few logistics before we get into the call. This call is being made available via a webcast at bd.com, where
you can also find accompanying slides. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons will be made on a year-
over-year basis versus fiscal 2019 and percent changes are on an FX-neutral basis.

During the call, we will be making some forward-looking statements, and it is possible that actual results
could differ from our expectations. Risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause such differences
can be found in our SEC filings, including our 2019 Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Qs.

In particular, there continues to be significant uncertainty about the duration and contemplated impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic. The commentary we are providing today includes our best estimate based on
the information that we currently have. We have made certain assumptions in how we are managing our
business, but that could change as we move forward.

We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures with respect to our performance. Reconciliations
to GAAP measures that include the details of purchase accounting and other adjustments can be found in
our press release and its related financial schedules and in the appendix of the Investor Relations slides.
These are all available on the bd.com website.

With that, I'll turn it over to Tom. Tom?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kristen. Good morning, everyone. I hope you're doing well, and thank you for joining us.

For today's call, I want to address 3 main topics: first, my high-level perspective on the quarter and full
year performance; second, I'll give an update on several hot topics we're fully focused on; and finally, I
will share progress on BD's strategy. Then I'll turn it over to Chris for a review of the P&L and an update
on our outlook.

So let's jump right in. First, I'll start with the quarter and the full year performance. In Q4, we had better-
than-expected revenue and not only our COVID-related diagnostics testing, but also our core business.
That allowed us to not only deliver EPS upside, but also importantly, gave us the opportunity to make
some strategic investments aligned to our BD 2025 growth strategy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Revenues were up 4.4% on a reported and FX-neutral basis as we were able to offset the overall impact of
COVID-19 and grew despite the Alaris ship-hold. I want to acknowledge the exceptional execution by our
Integrated Diagnostic Solutions business this quarter, particularly the BD Veritor team. The team exceeded
our commitments, successfully developing the BD Veritor COVID-19 assay in an accelerated time frame,
securing several regulatory approvals, scaling up manufacturing, and continuing to advance the science
behind the utility and effectiveness of rapid antigen point-of-care testing.

Total COVID-19 testing revenues allowed us to offset the ongoing COVID headwinds in other businesses
from lower hospital utilization, surgical procedures, routine lab testing volumes and research spending. In
fact, because of our COVID testing revenues, we were able to move from a net negative COVID impact in
Q3 to a net positive COVID impact in Q4.

If you exclude COVID-19 testing and look at performance of the base businesses, we are very pleased
with the sequential improvement across all of our 3 segments during the quarter. As you'd expect, the
pace of the recovery varied by both product category and by geography.

So all in, the BD team was able to deliver Q4 mid-single-digit sales growth, overcoming the headwinds
from COVID-19 and the Alaris ship-hold, the latter we estimate to be 240 basis points in the quarter.

Our Q4 adjusted EPS was $2.79, down 15.7% on a year-over-year basis. While our revenues returned to
growth, we did continue to see some COVID-related pressure, dilution from our May equity issuance and
headwinds from the last quarter of the Gore royalty contributed to our EPS decline.

As I look back on the year, we faced a number of challenges from the Alaris ship-hold to COVID-19 and
its significant impact on health care utilization globally. In our fiscal Q3, COVID-19 had about a $600
million negative impact to our top line. However, the BD team executed strongly, swiftly launching multiple
innovative COVID-19 diagnostic solutions and focusing on execution to return to growth in Q4 and finish
the year with revenues flat on an FX-neutral basis. I'm proud of the team for their hard work, closing the
year strong and offsetting the continued COVID-19 headwinds. Now I want to turn to several hot topics.
Let's start with a review of our COVID testing in the quarter.

As I said, I was very pleased with the IDS team's execution this quarter, with COVID-19 testing sales
coming in at approximately $440 million, with Veritor revenues at over $340 million in the quarter. We
were able to ramp up Veritor manufacturing capacity faster than originally expected, a testament to BD's
world-class manufacturing excellence.

We were also able to sustain a higher average selling price for longer than we anticipated. Looking ahead,
we do expect price erosion as additional competitors have come to market and more may do so.

We continue to work diligently to expand our BD Veritor and BD MAX manufacturing capacity. Our
previously communicated capacity expansions remain firmly intact. We continue to monitor the supply and
demand dynamics of the market, and we'll provide you with updates on additional capacity expansions to
the extent any further new capacity comes online.

On the customer side, we continue to see very strong demand for BD Veritor and BD MAX COVID-19 tests.

Regarding BD Veritor, we've seen strong adoption and interest from both traditional and nontraditional
accounts in the U.S. Since the last quarter, we have doubled our U.S. installed base of active Veritor
readers to over 50,000 units, and we continue to see strong instrument demand, further extending our
footprint. We believe that this broadened Veritor footprint will provide us with additional future growth
opportunities beyond COVID-19 testing for current and future planned assays.

On September 30, we received the CE Mark for our COVID-19 assay on BD Veritor. And we've been very
pleased with the reception of the assay in international markets. We've signed a number of contracts and
are actively leveraging one of BD's strengths, which is our large international footprint. And in fact, we're
now shipping Veritor instruments and assays to customers across Europe, Asia, Latin America and Canada.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

As we head into the flu season, we recently launched a combination COVID-19 flu RSV test in Europe on
our BD MAX system with our partner, CerTest. We continue to work toward the launch of combination flu
and COVID-19 assays on our BD MAX and BD Veritor platforms globally.

Now let me take a minute and walk through our thinking on the outlook for Veritor. You've heard me
say before that there are a number of variables at play. There's the ramp-up of our manufacturing, the
number of competitive products and ASPs, and then you have to take into consideration many variables
around COVID-19 vaccines like their timing, availability, effectiveness and how widely they are adopted.

But taking all of that into consideration, we are comfortable forecasting fiscal 2021 Veritor testing in a
range of $1 billion to $1.5 billion, with the weighting of these revenues being more in the first half of
the fiscal year than the second. I know many of you also have questions on the long-term durability of
COVID-19 testing and the outlook for fiscal '22 and beyond. Again, there are many factors at play. And
there are a variety of scenarios that we're planning for and we'll be ready to execute.

I would say though that we do now believe that there is a higher likelihood for testing to continue into
fiscal '22. However, given the uncertainty around demands and ASPS, we believe it would not be prudent
to model a continuation of revenues at the same level as fiscal '21.

This leads me to our next topic, our COVID-19 testing reinvestment plans. We are electing to reinvest a
portion of our FY '21 COVID-19 testing profits back into the business to ensure long-term durable growth.
These profits will be invested consistent with our strategy and value creation framework of grow, simplify
and empower. Our top focus is investing in growth. We activated the organization and investment plan in
Q4, initiating a bottoms-up process to identify high-impact projects and programs based on risk-adjusted
returns and our capacity to execute.

As part of this initiative, we increased investment in the recently launched BD Innovation and Growth
Fund. We've also kick-started other programs that accelerate go-to-market investments in the U.S. and
internationally and ongoing R&D projects. You've heard me talk about our simplification efforts around
Project Recode. We plan to look for ways to optimize that program even more.

We're also using COVID-19 profits to accelerate further investments in our Inspire Quality program and
enhance our risk management systems. We believe these investment programs should generate returns
beginning in late FY '22. Our current reinvestment plans contemplate fiscal 2021 Veritor testing revenues
of, as I said, $1 billion to $1.5 billion. If Veritor testing revenues are above this level, we plan to make
additional investments towards long-term growth, yet still allow a portion of the higher revenues to flow
through to the bottom line.

Next, I'd like to take a moment to update you on our readiness for a COVID-19 vaccine campaign, where
we continue to make great progress. To date, we now have commitments for over 800 million needles
and syringes, which includes commitments from countries like the U.S., U.K. and Canada and various
nongovernment organizations around the world as they prepare for COVID-19 vaccination campaigns.

Last June, we estimated the total vaccine syringe and needle opportunity over a 12- to 18-month period
could be in the $100 million to $150 million range, and we continue to feel this is an achievable objective.

Now I'd like to update you on Alaris. The highest priority of the organization continues to be preparing for
a comprehensive 510(k) filing, obtaining clearance for Alaris and returning our market-leading infusion
pump franchise to growth. Over the last quarter, the team has made further progress in retired risk. We
are systematically working our way through various testing stages, and we continue to engage in open
dialogue with the FDA about our progress.

My confidence level today is higher than it was last quarter that we will be able to submit our 510(k)
in late fiscal Q2 or early fiscal Q3 2021. As I mentioned in the past, our focus remains on ensuring a
comprehensive submission that will ultimately help enable timely FDA review and clearance. While it's not
our intention to predict the FDA's time lines, given the size and complexity of the submission, we do not
assume any revenue contribution from a 510(k) clearance in fiscal 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

The last item on my hot list is I want to comment on innovation in our growth -- in our product pipeline.
Category innovation remains one of the core drivers of our growth strategy. We have been focused on
improving our pipeline execution and R&D effectiveness, and we continue to make great strides to that
end. This quarter, R&D spending increased 8% year-over-year, the first meaningful increase for the
company in many years.

Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on driving new innovation and a higher level of R&D investment,
including through our new BD Growth and Innovation Fund, which we established earlier this year.

Through the fund, projects are funded for a maximum of 2 years and give the completely new product
development opportunities, unfunded or underfunded line extensions that have significant incremental
revenue opportunities or commercial programs designed to accelerate product adoption. We received a lot
of great submissions across all 3 segments, and we initiated the first round of funding in Q4.

Looking ahead to the next year or so, we are advancing a robust product portfolio with many singles
and doubles, like we've long been known for. We also have some more notable programs in the pipeline,
and I'd like to highlight a few of those for you now. The IDS team is acutely focused on advancing our
combination COVID and flu assays on both our BD Veritor and BD MAX platforms as soon as possible for
the benefit of patients.

I also want to highlight the great strides of our women's health and cancer franchise that they're making.
In July, we received FDA approval of the BD Onclarity HPV Assay for extended genotyping, which can
improve risk stratification and support risk-based patient management. We're receiving great customer
feedback on this assay. And in fiscal 2021, we look forward to bringing this assay and BD COR, which is
our new high-throughput molecular diagnostic system with fully integrated specimen processing. We look
forward to bringing that -- both of those to customers in the United States. The BD COR system and our
Onclarity assay are both available in Europe, and we've been receiving very positive feedback on the initial
rollout.

In BD Medical in Q4, we launched the BD UltraSafe Plus 2.25 ml passive safety system, which adds to our
proven high-growth safety portfolio in Pharmaceutical Systems. It has been designed to deliver up to a 2
ml dose volume while enabling an ergonomic and safe injection experience for both patients and health
care providers. We have launched -- we have secured a number of pharmaceutical partners that plan to
commercially launch our new product towards the end of fiscal 2021.

Also in BD Medical, during fiscal '21, we'll launch the BD Pyxis ES 1.7, which adds new capabilities and
deeper integration of pharmacy and nursing by enhancing automation in the operating room with the Pyxis
Anesthesia Station.

In BD Interventional, we had a robust year of product launches across its 3 businesses. Of particular
note, the Peripheral Intervention team launched the 0.18 (sic) [ 018 ] and 300-millimeter Lutonix DCBs
in the U.S. and launched Lutonix in Japan. PI also launched the EleVation Single Insertion Multiple Sample
Breast Biopsy device in addition to the Caterpillar embolization device, which represents our first foray
into the world of interventional oncology. Our Surgery business launched a completely robotic compatible
version of our market-leading anatomically configured 3DMax inguinal hernia mesh as well as the PurPrep
infection prevention product.

Finally, our UCC business capitalized on our developing position in female incontinence by launching Dry-
Doc 2.0, which is designed to help women who suffer from incontinence to use PureWick at home.

Fiscal 2021 promises to be another year of innovative product launches across the Interventional segment.
The team worked hard to minimize the impact of COVID on our product launch schedule, leading to further
commercialization of products across all businesses.

For competitive reasons, we won't share any specifics with you. But suffice to say, you should expect
further commercialization activity of new products in our oncology, infection prevention and acute urology
platforms, in particular.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Finally, I want to provide an update on our FDA PMA submission for the Lutonix drug-coated balloon
and its use in below the knee. The FDA has recently notified us that our PMA supplement remains non-
approvable. We are working collaboratively with the FDA to determine what our next steps may be, if any.
As a reminder, our entire Lutonix business today represents less than 1% of our overall sales, and we do
not include any revenues in our forecast related to this submission.

Before we move on, I want to take a moment and acknowledge John DeFord, who will retire from BD
at the end of the calendar year. As you all know, John has had a remarkable career and has made a
tremendous and lasting impact since joining BD 3 years ago. While we continue to -- while he will continue
to serve as an adviser and a consultant for us, of course, we're going to miss John's leadership and we're
going to miss his humor. But we're very excited for Patrick's appointment to the Chief Technology Officer,
and we're confident that he is the right leader to deliver on our innovation strategy and product pipeline in
our next phase of value creation.

And as Patrick takes on this important new responsibility, we could not have asked for a better successor
than Dave Hickey to lead BD Life Sciences and build on Patrick's track record of success. Dave has been
leading the IDS team and the BD Veritor COVID-19 launch.

Finally, I want to provide a quick update on our strategy. When I became CEO earlier this year, I outlined
my vision for BD's next phase of value creation. It's what we call BD 2025, which included 3 drivers:
grow, simplify and empower. And the drivers build upon BD's strengths, our world-class manufacturing,
global scale, our strong category leadership and deep capabilities in software and informatics. And we've
made great progress in fiscal 2020 in building the foundation and beginning to execute against our new
playbook. As I mentioned, we've been steadfast in strengthening our R&D capabilities and continuously
improving our R&D effectiveness. And I'm excited about what is to come from the BD Growth and
Innovation Fund.

We also look to augment our internal innovation strategy through tuck-in acquisitions. In fiscal 2020, we
executed on 6 tuck-in transactions in higher-growth markets, and I'll highlight just 3. The first is NAT
Diagnostics, which is an early-stage privately held company, developing a molecular diagnostic platform
for point-of-care testing. This acquisition broadens our point-of-care testing capabilities in infectious
disease. And while this product is still under development and a few years from launch, we are very
excited about the technology and our point-of-care diagnostics business more broadly and how this adds
in a molecular capability to that.

Another acquisition we closed on this year was Straub Medical, a privately held medical device company
that markets mechanical atherectomy and thrombectomy devices that treat peripheral arterial diseases.
This acquisition expands our robust portfolio of PAD and venous solutions within our BD Interventional
segment.

And the third acquisition I'd like to highlight is Adaptec, an innovative start-up company that developed
the Sensica UO, which is an automated urine output measurement solution. It captures hourly urine
output measurements and integrate this into the electronic medical record through the BD HealthSight
platform. This is actually going to be BD Interventional's first connected smart device, which leverages
BD's interoperability position that we have today in about 70% of all U.S. hospitals.

We have a robust funnel of deals, and we continue to increase our focus here as we move into fiscal 2021.
Our efforts around simplification and Project Recode and Inspire Quality all remain on track. If anything,
we have the opportunity to accelerate some projects with some of the COVID-19 test reinvestment
proceeds.

As I reflect on FY '20, I am proud of how the company worked to navigate through the headwinds of
COVID and the Alaris ship-hold. Our response to these challenges, along with the successful launch of
COVID-19 testing, enabled BD to deliver flat revenue performance on an FX-neutral basis for the year.

As I look ahead, there are some challenges that we face as a company, namely COVID and the Alaris
remediation, the latter of which I am confident we will resolve. But there are many more opportunities

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

ahead to drive growth and accelerate our impact on health care around the world. We have the right
strategy, and we're making the right investments.

And with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Chris Reidy, and then I'll make a few concluding remarks.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We are pleased with our fiscal
fourth quarter revenue and adjusted earnings per share performance. Overall revenues were $4.8 billion,
up 4.4% on both a reported and an FX-neutral basis. We estimate the net impact of COVID was a positive
210 basis points as COVID-19 testing revenue more than offset the ongoing negative impact from lower
utilization across our businesses. Even after adjusting for the net COVID-19 effect, we are pleased that we
are still able to grow our revenues despite the Alaris pump ship-hold. We estimate the negative impact of
the Alaris ship-hold was 240 basis points.

BD Medical revenues totaled $2.3 billion and were down 4.9% year-over-year. We estimate COVID
negatively impacted the business by about 370 basis points. We estimate the Alaris ship-hold negative
impact was 450 basis points.

Medication Delivery Solutions saw a sequential improvement consistent with health care utilization trends,
but still continue to be impacted negatively by COVID-19 on a year-over-year basis. Internationally, MDS'
decline largely reflected the impact of China's volume-based procurement as well as inventory reductions
we took in the quarter.

In Medication Management Solutions, the Alaris ship-hold continues to have a negative impact on the
business unit's overall results, and there was a difficult comparison with the prior year. International
MMS sales were very strong, driven by infusion pump sales in Europe. In U.S. dispensing, we saw a solid
growth and closed the year with strong new committed contracts.

In Diabetes Care, sales declines reflected ongoing market price pressures. Pharm Systems sales were up
double digits this quarter and ended the fiscal year with a strong 9.4% growth driven by our prefilled and
safety syringe portfolios.

BD Life Sciences revenues totaled $1.5 billion and were up 31.4%. We estimate the net positive impact of
COVID was 26.2 percentage points in the quarter.

Our Preanalytical Systems business was down 3% year-over-year. We have seen sequential improvement
as routine lab testing volumes improved. Our Diagnostic Systems business was up 97.3% driven by just
over $440 million in COVID-19 testing.

Biosciences sales were down 9% globally. However, we saw a sequential improvement in reagent sales as
research and testing continues to resume. BD Interventional revenues totaled just under $1 billion and
were down 3.5% for the quarter. We estimate the net negative impact from COVID was 11.2 percentage
points.

Our Surgery and our Peripheral Intervention businesses both saw a solid sequential improvements as
elective procedures continued to return closer to pre-COVID levels in several geographies, most notably in
the United States. The Peripheral Intervention business was particularly strong in Japan on the heels of a
successful Lutonix launch. The Urology and Critical Care business performed well, with the U.S. returning
to growth though offset by an international decline.

Now turning to the P&L. Gross margins were 54.8% or 55.1% on an FXN basis, the latter down 200 basis
points year-over-year. While we benefited from higher-margin COVID-19 testing revenues, it was more
than offset by the continued drag from lower volumes, which drove unfavorable manufacturing variances.
We are actively managing our cash and inventory balances globally, and we expect to see more COVID-
related manufacturing variances in fiscal 2021, negatively impacting our gross margin line.

SSG&A expense of $1.2 billion was 25.1% of revenues, up 110 basis points year-over-year. SSG&A
includes a $25 million investment to the BD Foundation this quarter, in support of our long-standing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

commitment to advancing the world of health and supporting the communities where we live and work.
We continue to see higher shipping costs related to the pandemic, and we also had elevated levels of
spend related to Veritor in the quarter.

R&D expense of $279 million, representing 5.8% of revenues, was up 20 basis points year-over-year. In
dollar terms, spending was up 8% on a year-over-year basis as we invested in COVID diagnostics and
other growth initiatives. We expect fiscal 2021 spending on R&D to continue to be higher as we continue
to focus on innovation and implement some of the reinvestment plans Tom mentioned earlier.

Operating income was $1.1 billion, resulting in an operating margin of 23.9%. On an FX-neutral basis,
margins decreased 320 basis points, mainly reflecting the contractions in gross margin as well as higher
SSG&A and R&D.

Interest/other expense net was $110 million, resulting in a decline of $4 million on a year-over-year basis.
We had favorability in interest expense this quarter as we repaid debt. The adjusted tax rate came in as
expected in the high teens at 18.7%. Preferred dividends in the quarter were $22.8 million. Adjusted
earnings per share were $2.79, as previously discussed, and this includes a $0.02 headwind from FX.

For the year, we generated $3.5 billion in cash flows from operations, and our free cash flows were $2.7
billion, net of $810 million in capital expenditures.

In line with our goal of continuing to increase the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet, we paid
down $950 million of debt in the quarter, bringing our total debt repayment to $1.7 billion for the year.
This resulted in a net leverage ratio of 3x as -- 3.1 -- 3.0x as of September 30, 2020.

Now we wanted to share some broad thoughts on fiscal 2021. As we look ahead, the greatest uncertainty
we see is the recent COVID-19 resurgences around the world and the potential impact this may have
on general health care utilization, procedure volumes and diagnostic testing, including COVID testing.
Our guidance assumes no major system-wide shutdowns of elective procedures. Assuming no significant
changes in utilization and procedure volumes associated with COVID-19 resurgences, we are comfortable
forecasting low- to mid-single-digit FX-neutral revenue growth, excluding the COVID testing revenues. Our
COVID testing revenues in fiscal 2020 were approximately $580 million.

On a total company level, inclusive of COVID testing, we expect FX-neutral revenues to grow in the high
single to low double-digit range. Using current exchange rates, we expect FX to add approximately 100
basis points to revenue growth on a reported basis. We expect our adjusted non-GAAP EPS for fiscal 2021
to be in the range of $12.40 to $12.60. Again, our guidance assumes no significant changes in utilization
and procedure volumes associated with COVID-19 resurgences. This also does not assume any potential
upside to our $1 billion to $1.5 billion in Veritor testing revenues.

While we're not giving quarterly guidance, I want to point out some quarterly phasing as you think about
the upcoming year. Given that we're a September year-end, we will not anniversary the initial COVID-19
impact into our fiscal Q3.

In addition, U.S. Biosciences also has difficult comparisons in fiscal Q1 due to licensing revenue in the
prior year. And in Medication Management Solutions, our Infusion business has tougher comparisons
throughout the year given the timing of the ship-hold and shipments under medical necessity as well as
European sales related to COVID.

As Tom mentioned earlier, we do not assume any revenues associated with the Alaris 510(k). However,
offsetting these headwinds I just discussed, we would expect our COVID-19 testing revenues to be more
heavily weighted to the first half of our fiscal year. In addition, we'll anniversary the launch of our COVID
testing in the fourth quarter.

In taking all of the above into consideration and looking at the Street consensus, we would suggest a
phasing that shifts earnings from Q4 into the first half of the year.

I also want to take a moment to address FY '22 by making a few observations. Regarding our COVID-19
testing revenues, we see this as perhaps the biggest variable to our fiscal '22 outlook. Depending on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

the level of success of Veritor in fiscal 2021, it could make for a difficult comparison to our revenues and
earnings in fiscal 2022.

And regarding Alaris, as Tom mentioned, we have a higher level of confidence today in our ability to
submit the 510(k) at the end of fiscal Q2 2021 or early Q3. We would assume a contribution beginning
sometime in fiscal 2022. Keep in mind, we shipped pumps under medical necessity in fiscal 2020.
Thus, we would not necessarily assume there is a one-for-one pent-up demand when we obtain 510(k)
clearance.
Regarding the remainder of our business and assuming a more normal health care utilization environment,
we would assume the business will return to an underlying mid-single-digit growth rate in fiscal 2022. And
with that, let's move on to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Your first question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So just a first question is maybe a clarification on the 2021 guide that you're giving. Can you just sort of
sum all that up for us in terms of what does it imply for revenue dollars and how much is assumed in there
in terms of total COVID testing, not just Veritor? And then I know you said you're going to reinvest some
of that. Like what is sort of maybe the net EPS impact of COVID testing, including that reinvestment?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. So on the issue of the guide related to -- you know that we guided Veritor at $1 billion to $1.5 billion.
When you add BD MAX, that's running at around $400 million, in that area. So you can add that on top of
that.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And then any clarity on just the thoughts on reinvestment? Just trying to get -- because what we're
trying to do, obviously, is get a sense of the underlying business versus EPS contribution on the underlying
business versus total testing. So what are the kind of reinvestment plans imply?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

So the way to think about how much is within the $1 billion to $1.5 billion of revenue that we're
forecasting, our guidance assumes a certain amount of reinvestment of that. So we're not letting it all flow
through.

As you think about -- if Veritor is looking like it will be above $1.5 billion, we would look to invest more
than that going forward. And we would likely have some investment depending on the investments in the
pipeline, and we'll talk to that in a moment and let some of it flow through to the bottom line as well. So
we'll assess that as we're going through the year. But if it's over the $1.5 million, we would look to invest
more, but still allow a portion of that flow to the bottom line as well.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

I think it's fair to say we plan to reinvest, among the initial $1 billion to $1.5 billion range, we're investing
roughly 20% of the profits back into the business, Bob.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I appreciate it is a very tight guidance in a very uncertain environment. So I think a lot of investors will
largely view this as a floor. But I did want to come back to the underlying business theme one more time
here. I think everyone's trying to compare the forward year for 2021 to a base year, which is '19, and I
appreciate you all kinds of different comparisons there. But I think what people want to try to get to is, if

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

we take out some level of Veritor, we get to sort of some earnings number that's sort of in that 10, 10.50
range. With reinvestment, maybe it's an 11 range. But if we look at the implied revenue growth of '21
over '19, it's sort of low single digits adjusted for pumps. And if you look at the margins, they seem kind
of down in '21 versus '19.

So for Tom and Chris, I think what investors want to hear is, it could be suggested that there's a problem
in the underlying business or considerably suggested that you're being conservative to begin the year.
Help us understand the strength of that core business and whether you think '21 underlying margins can
be up over the base year '19. And how you think that underlying business is sort of performing relative to
that classic 5% BD growth rate that you're trying to get to? And then I have a quick follow-up.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. David, good question. So I think if you look at it on an underlying basis, we are in that range that
we're talking about that we've talked about around that 5% plus. We're in that -- so if you look at --
we're in the low to mid-single digits in the core. Of course, that has, and then maybe on that lower side
of that. You've got the Alaris headwind, of course, which is still annualizing in the year as well. So that
is a headwind that is built into the core. If you take that out, you're back in right in that range that you
mentioned before. So I'll let Chris add some more commentary on that. But just a reminder on that, we
still do have annualization of the Alaris impact built into that.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. I would say, David, the core is strong. You saw that in the fourth quarter as well. It's doing well. The
margins are improving. To your point around the '19 to '21, there are a number of things. We are seeing
synergies from the Bard transaction over that period of time kicking in. Then obviously, it's impacted. You
have to take out the COVID impact, the drag and then the add-back for Veritor.

But keep in mind, we had a bit of a drag during that period in the China VBP and the Alaris. And when you
adjust for that, we are seeing growth in the margins and feel very comfortable with the long-term view of
the underlying 5% [ and 10% ] on the bottom, and that's very consistent with what we've seen.

Kristen Marie Stewart
Senior Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations

And David, the only thing I would add is that our assumption is that we still are not getting back to a
normalized level throughout fiscal '21. So our guidance and margin forecast would still assume that the
overall business continues to see headwinds on a margin perspective as we're still not back to pre-COVID
levels overall.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

And I think to your point, we are looking -- you're seeing some depression of the margins from the
investments that we're making as well. So we're not letting it all flow through. We're making the
investments that we outlined.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Totally understand. So there's some COVID adjustment factor there. Okay. Very good. I think the investors
will appreciate that clarity. And then just, Tom, as you think about COVID testing for next year, obviously,
it's this year for you guys. First half, obviously, higher than second half. That's very consistent what some
of the PCR providers have suggested in terms of what their assumptions are for peak testing. Can you
sort of help us understand your capacity expansion plans, sort of first half and second half? And what is
embedded in terms of price pressure for next year? And where is that coming from?

Thomas E. Polen

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Sure. Good questions, David. So as you think about what we've shared before, we shared 8 million tests
per month by October, which we're in; 12 million tests per month starting in March of '21. That's our
capacity ramp on Veritor. And so those capacity plans remain firmly intact. And so that's the basis of our
outlook that we've shared.

I made the comment, of course, we do continue to monitor the supply/demand dynamics of the market.
And we'll provide you with any updates on additional capacity expansions beyond that if we were to make
those, but we won't provide those until that capacity were to come online. So that's just a little bit of
background there.

As we've come to the ASPs, we had said $20 ASP. We did a little bit better than that in Q4, as I
mentioned. But we do expect to see pricing headwinds, ASP erosion as there are more competitors in the
market now than there were at the start of Q4. And we expect that there will be other entrants. And so we
would expect that, that $20 ASP could come down as we move through the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from Amit Hazan with Goldman Sachs.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just one clarification for this coming fiscal year on utilization. Can you just talk a little bit more to what
you're assuming in the guidance for underlying hospital admissions and utilization versus what you've
been seeing? And what the impact would be, not just on BD Medical, but just on the entire business,
routine diagnostic testing as well?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Great question, Amit. So during the quarter, as I mentioned, we did observe sequential improvements
across our businesses that are more elective procedure oriented as well as in lab testing volumes, right?
We saw them through the quarter evolved to around 90%. We've got -- obviously, we have access to
some pretty unique information through our BD MedMined platform, right, which is in about 338 hospitals
that gives us literally real-time insights into hospital trends on inpatient admissions, ICU admissions, ER
trends, ER outpatient versus inpatient. We can see that literally on a daily basis, what happened yesterday
in these institutions, which are broadly distributed across the U.S. And so as we look at that, we see
hospital inpatient admissions trending around 85% to 90%. And we've posted some of this data in our
deck so that we can share that more broadly. We thought there would be some information that you'd be
interested in.

So our projections and outlook do not assume any significant change to that on the positive nor on the
downside as we think about the potential of a COVID resurgence. We do see, and as we talk to health
care providers around the world, there's been a lot of preparation and learnings from the initial COVID
surge, how to better keep facilities open, how to make patients more comfortable. They're still coming
in for elective procedures. So I think -- we certainly don't expect that it would retrench back if there is a
significant resurgence, retrench back to the lower utilization levels that we saw last year. But of course,
that's difficult to predict. And could it be somewhere between where it is today and there? Could be. Could
it stay where it is? Could be. Could it get better if there's not a large resurgence? Could be. But we've
taken a more moderate kind of middle-of-the-road assumption that it will be relatively stable as it is today
as we think about our forward-looking guidance.

Kristen Marie Stewart
Senior Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations

Simon, do you want to share some of your survey work that you've done too?

Simon D. Campion

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Executive VP & President of Interventional Segment

Yes. And so just to wrap that, I think we shared some survey work on the August call, and we've repeated
that survey work with about 600 physicians in our Surgery and PI business. And they are seeing volumes
rebound, I would say, significantly. Their capacity is at, I think, quite significant level compared to pre-
COVID. Their office-based volumes are increasing for the most part, so the funnel of patients is pretty
robust. And there's still some -- what we term rollover patients as well that are in the mix, patients that
were scheduled earlier this year, but had the procedures postponed. And so they're still in the mix as well.
So it's pretty robust on the elective side right now.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Chris, maybe on the guidance here. I guess if I just look at the gross COVID tailwinds, right, $1.5 billion
at the high end on Veritor; $400 million of MAX, that's about $1.9 billion here. And I think we had
somewhere -- something north of $600 million in 2020. So on a net basis, we're looking at $1.2 billion,
$1.3 billion of net diagnostic tailwinds for fiscal '21.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

That's right.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So you get high singles, you pick up high singles just on the tailwind. FX is another point. Is that implying
like the base is going to be flattish for next year? And the reason I ask is you had $800 million of
headwinds in 3Q. And assuming just that normalizes, right, shouldn't the base be up -- contribute a few
hundred basis points to top line next year?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. No, it doesn't imply that. We'd have to look at how you're doing the math, but it would imply more
in that mid-single digits on the underlying ex COVID testing. So thinking that 4% to 5% kind of percent
range, which is very healthy. We do still see the drag. As I pointed out in some of the prepared remarks,
we see that tough compare in Alaris against the first quarter. We do still have the tough compare against
the first half of the year in the base business until we overlap the COVID period, but then rebounding in
the second half of the period. So when you cut through all of that, you think in the mid-single digits for
the underlying business.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

I think that's just an important point to reiterate, Vijay, as Chris mentioned, right? Because of the timing
of our fiscal year, we don't anniversary the lower utilization rates from a COVID impact until Q3, right? The
first and second quarter, our compares are still at a pre-COVID basis of utilization. And so that obviously
has an impact on that. And so it will still be, even despite that, at the -- in those mid-single digits, low
single digits and the base business is actually quite strong.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Understood. And then one quick on margins and free cash flows here. Is -- maybe I just want to check if
I'm doing the math right. Is the implied operating margins for fiscal '21, is that close to a 26%, 26.5%?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And free cash flow conversion, we're back north of 90%. Were there any timing impact? Or is this now
getting back to historical trends of BD printing north of 90% free cash conversion?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. So we'd have to work with you on the math there, too. But I think what we're saying is, if you use Q4
as a jumping-off point of the year, we're likely to have some headwinds as we talked about. But -- and we
are making adjustments for the investments that we were talking about, what have you, Veritor does lift
that. But taking all that into consideration, we would expect to see some good margin growth compared to
the baseline of where we were in '20. But it doesn't quite get to the 26% number that you're talking to.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And so just on the free cash, Chris. Was there any onetime effect?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

I'm not sure what your question is there. We did give the free cash flow. What was your question on that,
Vijay?

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Were there any timing elements that benefited free cash flow? Is this a normalized free cash conversion
metric we should be looking forward to?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Nothing looking forward, but obviously, a lot of impacts throughout the year, lumpiness from the COVID
drop-through and what have you. We did a lot to offset that. We reduced inventory levels as we talked
about. So it did feel like a lot of lumpiness, but we were able to offset a good portion of the drag to be in a
solid position as we exited the year. So -- but going forward, I don't see anything that would be lumpy in
nature.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Two questions, both on free cash flow and capital allocation. Maybe just to follow up on Vijay's question. I
think part of the question is there is a number of exclusions in the fiscal '21 guidance that some of them
appear to be cash exclusions. I just want to see -- should free cash flow conversion next year take a step-
down on legal and some of those other items? Or are there further offsets in the working capital to make it
look more normal?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Good question, Robbie. So no, I think some of the cash impacts that we consider kind of below the
line, have in the past been integration spending and EUMDR. And those were the biggest ones. And the
integration spending has been -- will be lower going into '21. EUMDR is still with us. We continue to invest
to make sure we're in good shape with the regulations there. So there will be a portion of that. But the
free cash flow conversion will increase in 2021 from where it was.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Got it. That's helpful. And maybe a broader question just on your theory and thought process behind
guidance. I don't envy you having to give guidance here in the middle of a pandemic for forward 12
months. This is -- we've seen guidance that we've had a lot of beats, but then lowered guidance over
time. How did you approach fiscal '21 guidance here with what ends up to be a pretty narrower range?
How should we assume -- what's your tolerance levels around it? What were some of just the strategic
thinking that you and the Board did? And I'm really trying to get at how confident are you that this is
more of a floor and a beatable target rather than it could be better, could be worse in certain areas?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Great question. Obviously, we've been following things very, very closely. We do see, as we said,
sequential improvement in our businesses. And so we took that into account. Obviously, we're watching
the potential for resurgence very closely. And I think we were very clear when we gave the guidance
that we're not assuming a major resurgence that would have a big impact on utilization and in elective
surgeries. So we are not assuming that. And that's something that we'll have to wait and see. But at the
same time, as we look at the course of the business and the way hospital systems are able to handle the
current level, that gives us a certain amount of comfort and visibility as we go forward.

I think the other thing that we have in here is the fact that Veritor gives us some natural offset. If there is
some level of utilization impact, it would probably go hand in hand over the course of the year with a bit
more incremental Veritor testing. So there's some opportunity there. And obviously, we have built in some
piece of our investment of the Veritor revenues in, and we can gate that to some extent. And so with all of
those things, we felt comfortable, again, assuming that there's no major change in the resurgence that we
could achieve the guidance that we gave.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair.

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Just a couple of questions on Veritor and testing. I'll kind of rapid fire a couple of these. So first, are you
guys looking to kind of expand your offering there? And are you thinking about anything on the non-
instrumented side?

And then you mentioned that you doubled the installed base here recently to over 50,000 units. Does
that include the roughly 11,000 into the nursing homes? And I'm curious what the utilization you would
expect in total for Veritor post pandemic in order to help us gauge the long-term value creation that you're
driving there. So a few on Veritor.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Good questions, Brian. So yes, the doubled installed base of over 50,000 does include those that have
been put in the nursing home. As I mentioned, we are looking at what additional menu we can put on that
platform. We have a number of opportunities that we think are pretty exciting. Of course, we've never had
an installed base in the nursing home segment itself. And so part of that work that we've done is actually
identifying what specific assays are relevant to the nursing home segment. There's other segments that
we now have Veritor placements. And we wouldn't have looked at before in terms of is there some unique
menu that is more relevant to these segments that haven't been traditional call points for us.

And so we're actually just wrapping up -- we've just wrapped up that work. And again, we'll be using --
that will be an area of investment is in additional menu expansion on Veritor, where you reinvest some
of those profits to add additional menu that we think are relevant to some of the new call points that we
have Veritors placed in so that we see longevity there beyond the COVID-19 testing itself. Of course, as
you know, we are expanding the menu there, very actively working on our COVID-19 flu assay. As we've

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

always said, we'll provide timing on that when we're ready to -- when we get EUA and we launch that.
Same thing on BD MAX beyond the assay that we've already launched in Europe with our partner, CerTest.

So we feel really good about the momentum on Veritor. We hear great feedback from our customers on
that. And again, we do see longevity on the installed base, not only for COVID-19, which as I mentioned
before, we think we'll have more longevity. If you ask me this time last quarter, said how much testing
is going to happen in FY '22, I would just say that I feel more confident today that there will be longer
testing runway beyond '21 of COVID testing into '22 and potentially beyond. Obviously then, our work on
adding menu to that will prolong the growth opportunities for Veritor beyond the COVID window. Thanks,
Brian, for the question. Oh, go ahead. Go ahead.

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

And then -- yes, I was going to say anything on the non-instrument? Or are you guys looking to develop
anything that would be an antigen test that would not be on the Veritor platform?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

We're looking at that, Brian. And again, if we decide to do that, we'll share that when we're ready to
launch it. But I would just say at this point, particularly in developed markets, we are very confident in the
value that the instrumented platform brings. Again, just as a reminder, our instrumented platform is at a
very different cost base than most any other instrumented platform, right in that $250, $300 range. So it's
not a significant -- capital is not a challenge for any customer when it comes to that. It wouldn't even be a
challenge significantly to bring it into the home necessarily. But that's -- and we get the benefits, right?

Remember, we were one of the original inventors of lateral flow testing. Our first technologies were
manual, as we're all, and all of those technologies move to instrumented platforms because they got
higher performance on flu and RSV. And COVID is, of course, even a more critical assay to get right, and
we see the benefits of an instrumented platform when it comes to sensitivity specificity. We still believe
strongly in that. We continue -- you've seen us put out a number of -- support a number of publications.
Whether or not it's comparisons of technologies or a recent publication, you probably saw around the role
of antigen testing versus molecular testing when it comes to projecting infectivity. And that was relative to
cell culture methods, which are the reference for ability for patient to be infective.

So we're going to continue to invest very heavily behind scientific evidence, and you can expect more of
that from us. Again, it would support the value of Veritor and the technology that we're deploying.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James.

Lawrence Soren Keusch
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Two questions. I guess, first, Tom, for you. You obviously said in a couple of spots during the call that you
are more confident in the timing for the filing of the Alaris 510(k). So just, again, want to get a little sense
of what makes you more confident than where we were 3 months ago? Is it just -- again, you've knocked
off some of the key objectives there that were in the way? And as part of that question, given the -- some
of the hardware recalls that you've had recently, how does that get handled? Does that have to find its
way into a filing as well?

And then I guess, Chris, for you. Obviously heard the commentary around pulling some of the 4Q for '21
into the first half as you talked about the various headwinds and tailwinds. As you look at the first quarter
numbers that are out there for the consensus, do you have any -- just any high-level thoughts as sort of
how those feel?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Okay. Good questions, Larry. So when it comes to -- let me take the first 2 and then I'll turn it over to
Chris for the third. So in terms of what gives us more confidence, I think you nailed it. It's the fact that we
are systematically working our way through the various testing stages. And so we've completed that much
more testing since the last update, and that gives us confidence. We also continue to have very active and
ongoing dialogue with the FDA around our progress. And that's why, as I made earlier, we do have greater
confidence in the time lines that we had shared last, which is late Q2, early Q3 of this fiscal year.

When it comes to the hardware recalls, that's really part of our remediation of the Alaris franchise. It's us
looking at all the different complaint history. And are there any further improvements we can be making
to the platform? That's also part of our 483 response and activities. And so there's no other filings or
anything. Those are all built into the current 510(k) submission work. They do not have any impact on the
timing of the 510(k) submission. Okay?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. And then in terms of your question regarding the phasing, I'd say we commented in our prepared
remarks that as we looked at the consensus, we did feel that consensus was a bit high in Q4. We wanted
to correct that. And that we think that some of that should be moved to the first half, I would say, move
a little bit more of that to the Q2 than to Q1. But Q1 is still a bit light given what we're looking at. And so
that -- we just wanted to kind of get the quarterly phasing right upfront out of the box as we enter the
year. And so that's why we were very specific around take it out of the fourth quarter, put it in the first
half, and I would add a little bit more in Q2 than Q1.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

One on just -- one on international, one on fiscal 2022. We heard a lot of good color commentary on this
call about what you're seeing in the U.S., but obviously, we're seeing things deteriorate in places like
Europe. How do your comments about the COVID impact in the U.S. compared to what you're seeing
outside the U.S.? And I have one follow-up.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. For the -- so we're seeing still strong performance in Asia in terms of utilization. We're seeing very
strong control of COVID across pretty much all Asian nations at this point. But as you mentioned, Europe,
we are seeing quarantine measures tighten. I would say that, again, European countries are much better
prepared this time to continue to deliver care through that period of time. Can there be an impact on
procedure volumes as we look forward? Yes, out of Europe. It may be slightly less prepared. Obviously,
there's different factors in public versus private health care systems as well that influence that.

But I think from what we're seeing now, we're definitely seeing better management and continued use of
procedures early in this resurgence. But again, that's one of the caveats that we had to make. We can't
predict the extent of everything on a forward-looking basis. And so our assumptions, we do recognize
that particularly in Europe, there can be some increase. But if it's a significant increase, that would be
something that's not in our current assumptions.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And Chris, in your prepared remarks, you gave some good color on fiscal 2022. I heard that 5% plus top
line growth and double-digit EPS growth, the algorithm. It sounds like you expect to return there in fiscal
2022. But in your prepared remarks, I heard kind of the top line on an underlying basis. So I'm assuming
you kind of want us to adjust for the COVID testing delta there. But I didn't hear anything on how to think

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

about EPS. Should the starting point be the guidance you gave for $12.40 to $12.60? Or is there some
different way we should be thinking about EPS growth beyond fiscal 2021?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. I think you got, for the most part, I think you are talking about it right. Obviously, we feel good about
-- there's going to be a lot of movement in '22 from a number of things on the top line. And the biggest
variable, obviously, is what happens to Veritor. And you heard Tom say that we feel better about the
testing going into '22. But we've also said it's -- wouldn't be prudent to assume the same level of testing
in '22 from '21. And we'll obviously update you as we go from quarter-to-quarter. But you would expect to
see some drop-off in that piece. And obviously, that slope, whether it's a cliff, it doesn't look like it's a cliff
in '22 right now. But it's certainly a downward slope as we think about it.

And some of what we're doing in terms of the investing of the Veritor spending will help mitigate some of
that slope to a certain extent. So we're watching that very closely. But as we look at it, the other variable
is when does Alaris revenue start coming back to pre ship-hold kind of levels. And we were very clear. We
did not include anything in our '21 guidance for that, and we're not predicting where that's going to be in
'22. But at some point in '22, we would expect that to start kicking back in. It's probably not as big of a
pent-up demand because of the medical necessity amounts that we've had in '20 and potentially into '21,
but those are the things to keep in mind. But we do feel that the base business in '22 on an underlying
basis will be very solid and continue to be solid. So that's just some ways to think about it.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

And maybe, Larry, this is Tom. Let me just maybe add on a little bit to Chris' good comments there is.
I'd say what you're seeing us do is, right, from -- in the face of a pandemic and the utilization impact.
You're seeing us work our way back to that driving durable, sustainable growth, right? We all recognize
the markets are anything but predictable. And we worked hard as is -- earlier question was, spent a lot
of time thinking about that range. You can debate, should you have a wide range or a narrower range
that at least keeps people from getting on either end of it, which is where we ended up at. But we believe
we've executed well against the challenges in remarkable times. You can see us doing that as we offset
the COVID headwinds this quarter. And I think if you take, for example, this year in our worst months,
we saw significant headwinds across our business. We developed COVID testing. We saw the return of
procedures, and we turned a negative headwind into a tailwind and we showed mid-single digits growth.

As we think about -- prior to COVID, we thought about our end markets growing about 4%. And our
investments in R&D being in higher-growth markets and select investments in tuck-in M&A, further
supplementing that growth. We felt and feel still strong about that path forward to 5%-plus growth that
you've heard me talk about. And of course, what we're doing now is, this year in fact with Veritor, of
course, we're going to be nearly double that level. But what we're doing is we're taking a portion of those
profits and we're further investing in our Growth and Innovation Fund, we're investing behind further
growth opportunities. And right, we're continuing that work on accelerating inorganic innovation or our
tuck-in M&A, again, all in the spirit of driving that durability and consistency of our growth profile.

So just to summarize that, we feel good about our capabilities, our innovation and the factors that are in
our control as we think about the business going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Tom, you -- it's -- nothing else is clear. It's very clear that innovation is a top priority for you. And one
element of that, as you discussed, is R&D spending and you emphasized strongly the 8% growth there. So
my question really is, how do we think about R&D going forward? I mean you've historically or in recent

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

years has been more around that plus or minus the 6% of sales range. Are you suggesting that -- I mean,
that we should think about that either as a percentage of sales or growth as meaningfully higher going
forward? Just again, any perspective there would be great.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

So let me comment on just at a high-level perspective and then turn it to Chris to talk about kind of how
we think about it within the P&L. So obviously, you're going to see R&D at, what we'll call, higher than
a normalized level in 2021 because of the reinvestment of the Veritor proceeds. I would expect it to see
that. Of course, we're -- as I mentioned, that 8% growth that you saw in Q4 were coming off of relatively
flat R&D growth over the last 5, 6 years during the synergy window. And so it is, as you mentioned, it's a
notable step-up, and we will be continuing to increase R&D because of not just our base strategy has that
in it, but we're using this opportunity to reinvest those Veritor proceeds and leveraging that Growth and
Innovation Fund. And the way that we're selecting incremental projects through that process, which was a
process that was very successful, obviously, at Bard and that John has helped implement here at BD.

So as we think about going forward on the P&L, beyond what we're going to see in '21, I'll turn that over
to Chris. But you would expect to see R&D growing in line with revenue on a forward basis beyond '21, at
least in that level.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Sure. So I would say and reemphasize, we clearly are, as you said, focused on innovation, and you would
expect R&D to increase. You're absolutely right that we did emphasize that 8% growth year-over-year
because we need to get back to that 6% mark. We had fallen below that over the last few years, and it's
important that we get back there. I think that is probably a good proxy for '21 to use because that 6%
is off of a much higher revenue base as well. So from a dollar standpoint, that's a pretty big step-up. So
that's a good proxy to think about, is that 6% of revenue going forward.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

And just last for me. First, just wanted to make sure I understood, I don't think you said. What
assumptions are you making about flu as you give us your first half and fiscal '21 projections? And just
last, Chris, congratulations, leveraged down to 3x. Is that where you both want to be? Where are we
heading? Just help us think through, at a high level, your balance sheet goals as well.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Great, great question. And let me take the first one on flu and then Chris, on leverage. So flu is
certainly light in the Southern Hemisphere. So it's unclear what the impact will be this season. I think it
-- for us, COVID obviously overwhelms the whole thing. I mean we're selling every Veritor test we can
make. So the whole balance between are we making Veritor tests or COVID tests, we're selling at this
point, obviously, a lot of COVID tests.

We are making flu tests, and we are shipping flu tests. But if flu tests aren't being utilized at the level,
we'll make more COVID tests at least for the first couple of quarters. And then obviously, we do have a
combination assay in development that we look forward to launching later this year. And again, we'll give
more color on that.

So I think it is fair to say that, I mean, the reality is, if people are isolated more and are wearing masks
and are doing things, will there be a lighter flu season in the Northern Hemisphere as well? Logic would
say so. But the impacts on our business, I think, will be different this year because of the role of COVID
and the presence of COVID.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Yes. And I would say the -- in terms of the 3x leverage, just we're proud that we got down to the 3.0 this
past quarter on a net basis. And as we've always said, that was the initial commitment, but then we would
expect that to continue to float down with increasing EBITDA as we go forward. And so that is still the
commitment. We wouldn't want to operate just at the 3x level. We think a company like ours should be in
that 2.5-ish kind of range at least, and so we would expect that to float down that way over time.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.

Andrew William Stafford
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

This is Drew on for Jason. I just wanted to refer back to a slide you guys -- you have in your deck where
you point out that procedures have rarely trended above that 100% of normal range. Obviously, pretty
interesting data set. Just wondering if you had any feedback on whether that would be primarily related to
patient willingness or challenges of processing those patients through the hospital. And then, I guess, any
thoughts on the relative outperformance of the inpatient versus outpatient as it seems to show?

Kristen Marie Stewart
Senior Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations

Let me take this. Yes, it's Kristen. Just to comment on that. I mean we don't have any further data on
this. This just come from the MedMined data set. We'll say just obviously, anecdotally, just because of
the data that we see, which is the data that you see, certainly would say that there has been general
apprehensiveness around patients going into care settings in the United States, which this is. This is a
data set of 338 U.S. hospitals. Just to be clear, this is a U.S. data set, so that likely is influencing some of
the trends here.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Maybe Simon as well.

Simon D. Campion
Executive VP & President of Interventional Segment

Yes. Thanks, Tom. Yes. And again, referring to that survey that we've just completed, certainly the
majority of physicians we spoke to reflected on patient sentiment being one of the driving factors moving
here. And you would have seen some significant data that came out about the oncology patient set, breast
cancer and colon patients in particular. But the decline in screening that's happened in the early phase of
COVID is going to contribute to an extra 36,000 deaths -- 33,000 deaths in the U.S. from cancer because
of a lack of screening in the early phases of COVID.

And so as you walk around different cities in the U.S. and certainly where I live in Rhode Island, you'll see
billboards now with hospitals and practices encouraging patients to go and attend. And I think the protocol
that they've implemented are certainly establishing great framework for patients to feel comfortable about
it. But still, I think hospitals want to do procedures, physicians want to do them. And the big variable here
is getting the patients back in for screening and subsequent procedures after that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor with UBS.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I just wanted to ask you about the forward years. You made some comments before. I guess what
I'm wondering is if there is a testing cliff at some point, you have a tough compare. Are there things that
you would do proactively like a buyback? Or you could phase down some of those investments that you're
making now and growth to kind of smooth earnings and help with that transition?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Sure. Great question, and thanks to allow us to add some clarity there. That's exactly the thought process.
As we initially looked at this, we thought that it could be very much a cliff from '21 to '22. And that one
way to mitigate that cliff would be to make investments in '21 that help us drive long-term growth, but
also our kind of 1 year investment boluses that will kind of mitigate that cliff to a certain extent.

That logic still continues as we think about testing, extending into '22 because it wouldn't be
characterized, as I said, by a cliff, but it's certainly the potential for a downward slope. And by making
some of these investments in '21, it would help mitigate that slope to a certain extent. The biggest
variable is what that slope looks like. But I think we're very comfortable that we can do that in '21 and
then see where that testing in '22 is going.

So it's looking less like a cliff. Those investments certainly are the kinds of investments that we could
make that would be an expense in '21, but not only would go away in '22 but would potentially drive
increases in '22 in earnings by investing in a variety of things: R&D, M&A kind of deals that become more
accretive in year 2, that kind of thing. So it's exactly what your question implies is what we're doing.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I just had one follow-up on the pricing and testing. Have you actually seen any price pressure yet? Or is
this just something that you're thinking could happen and so you're being conservative in baking in some
potential pressure for Veritor especially?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes, it's the latter. We haven't seen the pressure yet. But as Tom mentioned, I think earlier, in Q4, the ASP
was a bit higher than we had signaled. But we don't think it's prudent to continue to think that, that would
hold up as the competitors move into the market and the different dynamics that we'll be facing as we go
throughout the year. So we had originally signaled the $20 ASP. We think it was -- it certainly was higher
than that in our Q4. But we think that, that will be under pressure as we go through, and that is what we
have in our guidance assumptions.

Operator

Your last question comes from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen.

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I was hoping you may be able to share just the percentage of the revenue base delivered to hospitals'
capital equipment budgets. And if you could talk about just the recovery of the camp -- capital franchise.
Maybe hard to parse out, a lot of moving pieces with the Veritor instrument placements and the Alaris
ship-hold. But anything you can share just about those non-Veritor instruments and Alaris pumps, but on
the -- just how the rest of the capital franchise recovered in fiscal 4Q and the outlook for the chunk of the
revenue base in fiscal '21.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. The -- and this is consistent with what we've said in the past, the percentage of revenue that are
focused on capital is in that kind of 15-ish percent range. We've said that in the past. And you might
imagine where that is. It's in areas like Kiestra and in the MMS side, for the most part, a little bit in
Biosciences. We have seen pressure on capital during the third quarter, particularly, and we have seen that
improve. A lot of it had to do with the inability to install during the third quarter because hospitals weren't
allowing people to come in that were not patients appropriately. And so we did see that pressure. We saw
that sequentially improve into Q4, and so we would expect that to continue to improve through '21 as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

well. And we don't -- assuming that there's no major resurgence, as we said, we would -- our guidance
contemplates that, assuming and being at normal levels in '21. Yes.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

I would say that we did see some improvements on the capital in the research area, BDB. We saw it
across the board. I'd say dispensing is another area. Obviously, capital. Part of that is operating leases. We
still do sell some in capital. But I'd comment, we did see the U.S. dispensing business returned to modest
growth in Q4. And we ended the year with strong net gains in committed contracts. We had a very strong
Q4 in committed contracts, and we ended the year net positive there from a competitive perspective as
well. So we're seeing good signs there.

As you mentioned, it's a little bit difficult with Alaris to fully compare that. But we're seeing the restarting
of, and we're able to get back into labs now to do those installations, the Kiestra installations. There's a
big complex -- those are big complex, move walls, change electricity sockets. That weren't happening in
the middle of pandemic that are restarting now.

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. Just one follow-up. Just on the -- I know Lutonix is a small piece of the overall corporate revenue
pie, but a little bit more important for just the Interventional segment, the VOYAGER PAD analysis at TCT
was probably the most compelling rebuttal of the Katsanos meta-analysis. Maybe you could help us -- or
give an update on the state of affairs of the drug-coated balloon market and relative to the high-water
mark in the end of 2018.

And really, just to my question, just trying to get a sense with this VOYAGER PAD data out there, the other
data sets that have been presented over the last 12 months. I mean could Lutonix, from where it sits
today, become a growth driver for Interventional over the next 12 to 24 months?

Simon D. Campion
Executive VP & President of Interventional Segment

Yes. It's Simon. Listen, I think over the past pre-COVID certainly, we had seen, I think, a significant
rebound in our Lutonix business in and around the 70% to 80% of Q1 '19 numbers, so before Katsanos
and so on. Over the past several months or Q3, was our Q3, that obviously deteriorated quite a lot. But
I would say coming out of September, we were pretty much at the pre-COVID levels, which were in that
70% to 80% of pre-COVID levels, if that's all making sense.

And again, some recent work that we've done a year ago, and I just repeated. A year ago, about 80%
of physicians that we surveyed were less than comfortable with paclitaxel safety based on Katsanos and
based on the FDA panel and so on and so forth. And now that has flipped. The recent data that we got,
that has flipped. That 80% are now comfortable with paclitaxel safety. And the VOYAGER data and the
data that was provided at panel and so on and so forth, I think that reiterates the safety of paclitaxel in
general and Lutonix specifically.

So it was a significant driver for us in Q4 in the peripheral business, both domestically and in Japan, where
we've had a really successful launch since we commercialized fully in December when we continue to get
FDA approvals on 018 platform and the 300-millimeter balloon platform and the low profile AV platform.
So we're pretty pleased with where we are right now on Lutonix.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you for the questions. So thanks, everyone, for the good dialogue this morning. We've shared
with you the challenges, opportunities and successes that shaped Q4 and fiscal 2020 that are influencing
our expectations for the year ahead. One thing we didn't talk about, though, were the people of BD, the
70,000 associates around the globe who rallied around our purpose of advancing the world of health at a
time when the need was most urgent.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

So I want to close with a message to the BD team. Thank you for your focus on our purpose, for your
resilience when it came to executing our most critical priorities and your willingness to embrace bold new
ideas. You delivered a strong Q4 that exceeded our expectations to finish a trying year on a high note.

By building on the bold actions we took in FY '20 and by continuing to execute our long-term strategy
to grow, simplify and empower, we will address health care's immediate needs while bringing more
innovative new solutions that will support our growth across all 3 of our segments. In FY '21, there will be
no shortage of opportunities for you to think boldly, make a meaningful impact and change more lives for
the better.

On behalf of the entire executive team, I want to say thank you to BD associates around the world for
your efforts, sacrifices and achievements over the past year. You showed the world and each other just
how vital BD is to the delivery of health care.

Thanks again, and let's keep going forward.

Operator
Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have
a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

