Becton, Dickinson and Company 

NYSE:BDX
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 04, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

3.16

4.55

Revenue  (mm)

4870.01

5315.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-04-2021 12:20 PM GMT

43.99

9.14

3.29

12.79

13.47

4868.50

19332.70

19517.64

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

2.29

2.07

2.54

3.16

2.55

2.20

2.79

4.55

SURPRISE

11.35 %

6.28 %

9.84 %

43.99 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief
Administrative Officer

Dave Hickey
President of Life Sciences Segment

Kristen Marie Stewart
Senior Vice President of Strategy &
Investor Relations

Simon D. Campion
Executive VP & President of
Interventional Segment

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Lawrence Soren Keusch
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to BD's First Fiscal Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At the request of BD, today's call is
being recorded. It will be available for replay through February 11, 2021, on the Investors page of the
bd.com website or by phone at (855) 859-2056 for domestic calls and area code (404) 537-3406 for
international calls using confirmation number 6993448.

[Operator Instructions] Beginning today's call is Ms. Kristen Stewart, Senior Vice President of Strategy and
Investor Relations. Ms. Stewart, you may begin.

Kristen Marie Stewart
Senior Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations

Thanks, Stephanie, and welcome to BD's review of our first fiscal quarter results. Joining me today,
we have Tom Polen, Chief Executive Officer and President; Chris Reidy, Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer.

During the Q&A portion of the call, we will have our 3 segment presidents joining us as well: Alberto
Mas, President of the Medical segment; Dave Hickey, President of the Life Sciences segment; and Simon
Campion, President of the Interventional segment.

A few logistics before we get into the call. This call is being made available via webcast at bd.com, where
you can also find the accompanying slides for today's call.

During the call, we will be making some forward-looking statements, and it is possible that risks could
differ -- sorry, actual results could differ from our expectations. Risks, uncertainties and other factors that
could cause such differences can be found in our earnings release and in our SEC filings, including our
2020 Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Qs.

In particular, there continues to be significant uncertainties about the duration and contemplated impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic. This commentary we are providing today includes our best estimate based upon
the information that we currently have. We have made certain assumptions in how we are managing our
business, but that could change as we move forward.

We will also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures with respect to our performance. The
reconciliations to GAAP measures that include the details of purchase accounting and other adjustments
can be found in our press release and its related financial schedules in the appendix of the Investor
Relations slides. These are also available on the bd.com website. Unless otherwise specified, all
comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis versus fiscal 2020. When we discuss revenue percent
changes, they are on an FX-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted.

With all that said, it is my pleasure to turn it over to BD's CEO and President, Tom Polen. Tom?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Kristen, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased with
our Q1 results, which were ahead of our expectations, reflecting the tremendous efforts and execution of
BD's 70,000 associates. The essential role of our products and solutions in health care and the greater
resiliency of the health care system in treating both COVID and non-COVID patients.

While our fiscal year has just started, I'm proud of the team for the momentum we are building and their
dedication to our purpose of advancing the world of health.

Revenues increased 25.8% on a reported basis or 24.3% on an FX-neutral basis, with 20.3 percentage
points of growth coming from our COVID-19 diagnostic revenues. While we did see some benefits from
timing in the quarter, we are very pleased with the performance of the base business, which was up 4%

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

against the backdrop of COVID resurgences around the world. We are seeing the early benefits of some of
the actions we have taken to drive our base performance.

Our adjusted EPS were $4.55 or up 72% versus the prior year. This was also well above our expectations
as a result of 3 factors. First, our revenues came in above our plan, driven by higher acuity driving
increased demand, greater resiliency and procedural volumes and exceptional execution in COVID
diagnostics. Second, we benefited from favorable product mix, like Veritor, but also from our higher-acuity
products. Third, our investment spending, such as in R&D, was lighter and earlier in ramping.

So as you can see, we started this year with strong momentum, and that is despite the COVID
resurgence. We did start to see some impact of the resurgence on our more elective procedure-related
businesses late in December, and that continued into January. However, we are feeling more confident in
the resiliency of our base business relative to what we saw early on in the pandemic. While the health care
markets continue to be dynamic with COVID-19, and there are a number of moving parts, the momentum
within BD and our conviction in our strategy lead us to raise our financial guidance for fiscal 2021. Our
focus is not only on fulfilling our near-term commitments, but also on advancing our strategy and creating
value for our shareholders over the longer term. And I'm feeling even greater confidence with the progress
the BD team is making in advancing the BD 2025 Grow, Simplify and Empower initiatives and our ability to
create substantial shareholder value.

Today, I want to focus my remarks on 3 key topics, and then I'll turn it over to Chris, who will provide
additional remarks on our quarter's performance and comment on our outlook, then we'll take your
questions. So let's jump right in.

First, let me start with the Alaris remediation and our overall quality and compliance initiatives. Alaris
remediation has and continues to be my #1 priority, and the team is making strong progress. Our focus
remains on submitting a comprehensive 510(k) filing for the Alaris system, and we remain on track to
submit it in late fiscal Q2 or early fiscal Q3 2021. We also continue to make progress on executing our
holistic Inspire Quality initiatives throughout the organization. Second, as you know, we have a very
strong focus on growth and ensuring a durable mid-single-digit revenue growth profile, so let me share
some of the exciting highlights in our pipeline and other growth initiatives.

We continue to increase our investments and strengthen our pipeline across 3 innovation themes that
leverage our core strengths. First, we're applying smart devices, robotics, analytics and AI to improve
care processes. Second, we're enabling new care settings to enhance patient experience and lower costs.
This includes investing in products designed for use in the home markets and in sales channels to support
these patients. And third, we're investing to improve diagnosis and treatment of chronic disease.

So in line with these innovation and investment priorities, in Q1, we acquired the medical assets of CUBEX,
which expands our medication management offering by combining a cloud-based, easy-to-deploy analytics
platform with a smart tabletop dispensing device to create solutions for the fast-growing non-acute care
market. This extends our medication management solution from the hospital into the long-term care
surgery centers and other non-acute locations. Another smart device we plan on launching this quarter is
the Sensica automated urine output system, which leverages BD's leading position in acute urology, along
with BD's broad EMR interoperability capabilities and installed base.

Also within BD Interventional, the BD PureWick urine collection system and catheter continues to be a
significant driver of growth for our urology and critical care business. PureWick is a female external urinary
catheter and urine collection system that we sell into the acute care and long-term care settings, but we're
now actively extending that directly to patients with our new PureWick dry dock system for the home. And
this launch is exceeding our expectations, and in fact, PureWick revenues now exceeds Lutonix.

An exciting launch later this year, designed to improve the diagnosis and treatment of cervical cancer,
is the U.S. launch of our new BD COR with our BD Onclarity HPV assay with extended genotyping. With
BD COR, BD is going to enter the high-throughput molecular testing market with a very unique, fully
automated sample-to-answer platform in a highly differentiated assay with unique claims that can improve
risk stratification and support risk-based patient management.The system has been CE Mark-ed and has
been very well received by our customers during our launch in Europe.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

These are just a few of the many products in our pipeline, and you can find further details on our new
innovations in the supplemental earnings presentation posted to our website.

As we've previously shared, we're investing a portion of our Veritor profits to advance our BD 2025
strategy. We expanded the size of the BD Innovation and Growth Fund and additional innovation projects
are being initiated on a rolling basis. We are investing to accelerate our simplification initiatives, including
ReCoDe and enhancing our quality and compliance programs. We're also increasing funding in our BD
University to support advanced employee education and leadership development as part of our strategy.
As we always do with our spending, we're taking a disciplined approach, and the timing of the spending
was lighter in Q1, and we expect it to step up in Q2 and remain higher for the balance of the fiscal year.

As we've mentioned before, we continue to actively evaluate tuck-in acquisitions to supplement our
growth strategy. And we executed on 3 strategic tuck-in transactions so far this year, including CUBEX's
medical assets that I mentioned earlier. We continue to apply a disciplined financial and strategic
evaluation process to these transactions and have a robust funnel.

Lastly, I'd like to update you on our COVID diagnostics outlook and specifically Veritor. Antigen testing
continues to become more widely used in both traditional and nontraditional settings. We have been
highly successful with our BD Veritor Plus COVID-19 launch. Veritor has been well received for the ease
of use, performance and automated digital data and informatics capabilities that are provided with our
handheld platform. We've nearly tripled our active reader base since the pandemic and now have more
than 70,000 BD Veritor analyzers globally, which we intend to leverage in the future with planned non-
COVID menu expansion, which we've already begun investing behind. As previously shared, we continue
to make good progress on advancing new COVID diagnostics in our pipeline, including combination flu
A/B and COVID-19 assays on both BD MAX and Veritor. We also continue to explore home testing on BD
Veritor. And has been our practice, we'll provide updates to these programs upon launch.

Turning to the quarter's performance. Our Q1 COVID-19 diagnostics revenues were higher than we
expected at $867 million, which included better-than-expected BD Veritor rapid point-of-care antigen test
revenues of $688 million and higher BD MAX COVID assays and collection swabs and transport devices.
The higher-than-expected Veritor revenues were the result of our ability to scale our manufacturing
faster, which is a testament to our manufacturing excellence, as well as realizing higher pricing than we
anticipated.

However, since we've been saying since last fall, we do expect pricing to move lower as capacity came
online, and this is what's playing out. We recently lowered our pricing to allow the broadest patient access
to our best-in-class BD Veritor Plus System. We believe this price adjustment is in the best interest of our
customers and patients around the world as we've now ramped our manufacturing capacity, and there are
emerging mutations that are making it more transmissible. We also believe this is in the best interest of
our shareholders as we believe this move allows us to maintain a leadership position in the point-of-care
market.

With respect to our fiscal 2021 Veritor revenue guidance, as we've been discussing, there continues to
be many variables at play besides the evolving pricing environment, including the rollout and adoption of
vaccines and the circulation of new COVID variants. It's also difficult to pinpoint when the market supply
for antigen tests will exceed market demand. For modeling purposes, we would suggest using an ASP in
the low to mid-teens. Given all this, we expect Veritor revenues to be toward the high end of our previous
range of $1 billion to $1.5 billion. We continue to expect Veritor revenues to be more weighted to the first
half of our fiscal year. And given the evolving pricing and capacity environment, we would expect our fiscal
Q2 revenues to be lower than our just reported Q1 results.

Before turning it over to Chris to review the financials, I want to close with a few thoughts. While we were
very pleased with the performance of Veritor and other COVID diagnostic revenues in the quarter, what
excites us more was the improving momentum and resiliency of the base business. While we saw some
headwinds in our procedure-based businesses from the resurgence late in December and that continued
into January, the impact was much more limited than at the start of the pandemic. Moreover, given the
momentum in our base business, the investments we are making in our BD 2025 strategy, we believe we
are positioned to emerge strong. We remain on track to submit our Alaris 510(k) filing in late fiscal Q2

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

or early Q3, and we're making great progress in advancing our BD 2025 strategy. And I'm particularly
pleased with the investment programs we've identified and initiated. These investments allow us to further
fulfill our purpose of advancing the world of health, bringing new innovations to patients and expand
access. Increased spending will be more evident in our P&L later in this fiscal year, but we believe these
initiatives will translate into revenue accretion beginning in late FY '22 and beyond.

The investments we are making are also towards simplification initiatives, which reduce complexities, drive
cost efficiencies, enhance our quality programs and improve cash flows. This quarter, we made several
advancements on this front, including inventory reductions that we absorbed in our gross margin in the
quarter that helped us strengthen our cash flows. Our ReCoDe efforts are on track to achieve our targeted
$300 million in cost savings by the end of fiscal 2024.

We're also advancing our sustainability initiatives because we view sustainability as a strategic imperative.
And we recently announced the first of our 2030 and beyond goals, our climate change targets. We're
committed to reducing Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 46% by 2030 and to be carbon-neutral
across direct operations by 2040. The science-based target is aligned with the 1.5-degree C global
emissions reduction pathway. And we look forward to sharing more detail behind our 2030 sustainability
plan with you in future engagements.

And finally, I'm very proud of the organization for being named for 4 consecutive years to The Human
Rights Campaign Foundation's Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality list and for the second straight
year to the Gender-Equality Index. Inclusion and diversity is an important focus for BD as we continue to
attract, develop and retain the best talent as well as benefit from diversity of background and thought.

I look forward to answering your questions during the Q&A portion of this call, and I'll turn it over to Chris
now.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. We are very pleased with
our fiscal first quarter revenue and adjusted earnings per share performance, both of which exceeded
our expectations. Total revenues were over $5.3 billion, in line with our January 12 pre-announcement.
Revenues increased 25.8% on a reported basis and 24.3% on an FX-neutral basis. COVID-19 diagnostic
revenues accounted for 20.3 percentage points of growth.

The better-than-expected performance came from 3 areas: first, our base business performed better than
expected. This was a result of stronger execution from our associates, greater resiliency and procedure
volumes as health care facilities manage both COVID and non-COVID patients, and higher acuity resulted
in both favorable product mix and increased demand for several product lines. Keep in mind, though, that
some of our business segments are still operating below pre-COVID volume levels. Second, our COVID
diagnostic revenues were higher than expected. This included not only Veritor revenues but also MAX and
swab and transport revenues. Lastly, we estimated about $100 million in revenues were attributable to
stocking and timing. As COVID-19 surges were occurring, we observed some of our customers moving
to more of a just-in-case level of inventory and maintaining higher levels of our critical-need products on
hand. We also saw some of our U.K. customers buying more ahead of Brexit. The $100 million includes
higher-than-expected revenues in our MMS Infusion Systems business due to COVID-19.

BD Medical revenues totaled nearly $2.3 billion and grew 6.9% on an FX-neutral basis. Our
outperformance was primarily in Medication Delivery Solutions as well as in Medication Management
Solutions. MDS revenues were up 5.6%. While hospital utilization remains below pre-COVID levels and
has been an ongoing headwind, we benefited from the acuity of care associated with the treatment of
COVID patients. We saw increased demand for PICC's vascular prep and maintenance. As I mentioned, we
believe stocking of critical-need products helped the quarter. Finally, as expected, there was $37 million in
revenues associated with COVID vaccination syringes and needles.

Now turning to our MMS business. Revenues grew 8.4%, with growth in both medication dispensing and
infusion systems. In dispensing, we had strong growth internationally and once again exited the quarter

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

with strong committed contracts in the U.S. in infusion systems, we continue to support U.S. customers'
response during the pandemic on the medical necessity and experienced another quarter of strong
demand in Europe. In Diabetes Care, revenue growth of 5.4% was above our expectations, reflecting
distributor inventory stocking in addition to an easy comparison to last year. We still view this business
to be more of a flattish business on a normalized basis. Pharm systems sales remained strong, growing
9.5%, driven by ongoing demand for our market-leading prefilled syringe portfolio.

BD Life Science revenues totaled nearly $2 billion and were up 74.1% on an FX-neutral basis. As I
mentioned previously, COVID diagnostic revenues were $867 million in the quarter. Excluding COVID
diagnostic revenues, BD Life Sciences revenues were down 2.4%, which was better than we expected.

Integrated Diagnostic Solution revenues increased by 106% due to COVID-19 diagnostic testing revenues.
Excluding these COVID diagnostic testing revenues, IDS revenues were down just 1.2%. There were
several puts and takes in the base business. We saw a stronger-than-expected performance in our
specimen management, blood culture and women's health and cancer product lines. We also saw
some element of distributor stocking that's critical to health care testing. However, while we have seen
improvements, routine diagnostic testing activities are not fully back to pre-COVID-19 levels and a
significantly lighter flu season negatively impacted the base revenue growth in the quarter on a year-over-
year basis.

Now turning to Biosciences. Revenue declined by 5.2% due to a difficult comparison as a result of prior
year licensing revenue. In addition, clinical and research activities are not yet fully back to pre COVID-19
levels. Overall, operational performance in Biosciences was better than expected.

BD interventional revenues totaled nearly $1.1 billion and were up 5% on an FX-neutral basis, with all
business units posting growth. We observed that elective procedures, particularly those conducted in an
outpatient setting, had greater resiliency in Q1 compared to the initial wave of COVID. This was likely
driven by processes and care settings that enable elective procedures to continue despite the resurgence
and a greater willingness on the part of patients to attend to their scheduled elective procedures.

Surgery sales were up 1.3% as strong sales growth in our infection prevention business was offset by the
ongoing headwinds related to lower procedures due to the pandemic.

Peripheral Intervention sales were up 5.9%. Growth was driven by strong performance across our
peripheral arterial disease platforms.

Urology and Critical Care turned in another quarter of strong growth, with revenues up 8%. PureWick
continues to fuel the growth in our acute urology franchise while our new connected Arctic Sun System is
driving double-digit growth in our targeted temperature management business. This is another example of
BD leveraging our digital capabilities and broad EMR interoperability footprint to bring new innovations to
market.

Now turning to the P&L. We were really pleased with our gross margin performance in the quarter. Our
adjusted gross margins were 58.2%, which expanded 170 basis points year-over-year on a reported
basis. On an FX-neutral basis, our gross margin expanded 250 basis points, which was primarily driven by
COVID diagnostics and higher-acuity products.

While SSG&A and R&D spending were both higher on a year-over-year basis, the level of spending was
lower than we anticipated, particularly R&D, reflecting mainly timing. Operating margins were 31.6%, up
830 basis points on an FX-neutral basis, which was driven by higher gross margins and reduced SG&A and
R&D spending.

Net interest expense was $118 million, down slightly on a sequential basis. Other income was $30 million
versus $27 million a year ago, and the adjusted tax rate came in at 14.6%, which was in line with our
expectations. Our adjusted non-GAAP EPS were $4.55.

In fiscal Q1, the preferred shares are dilutive. Therefore, in calculating the adjusted non-GAAP EPS,
preferred dividends amount of $23 million was excluded from the numerator, while the diluted share count

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

would be adjusted to include the dilutive impact of the convertible preferred shares and would be 299.1
million.

As we've been discussing, our BD 2025 strategy includes a focus on driving cash flow, and we were really
pleased with the continued progress of these initiatives and our cash flow performance. We generated
$1.5 billion in cash flow from operations in the quarter and $1.3 billion in free cash flows. We have also
been focused on strengthening our balance sheet. As we previously communicated, we paid down $265
million of debt in the first fiscal quarter. Our net leverage ratio declined to 2.5x as of December 31,
2020, from 3.0x at the end of September 2020. A few weeks ago, Moody's upgraded our credit to an
investment-grade rating, and we are committed to maintaining a full investment-grade credit rating across
the major credit rating agencies.

We believe we are approaching a turning point in our capital allocation. In the past, a significant amount
of our cash was dedicated to repaying the debt. But looking ahead, we expect to have greater flexibility to
refocus our cash deployment on growth opportunities, including tuck-in M&A and other capital deployment
options.

Next, I want to address fiscal 2021 guidance. While we observed greater resiliency in Q1 as it relates
to procedure volumes, we still view COVID-19 resurgences to be a significant risk factor to our forward
outlook as it could impact general health care utilization, procedure volumes and diagnostic testing,
including COVID testing. In the latter weeks of December, as the resurgence has picked up, we started
to see pressure on some of our procedure-based products. This trend continued into January. We have
updated our guidance to incorporate some impact from the resurgence into our forecast for fiscal Q2, and
we continue to monitor the trends.

Our guidance continues to assume no major system-wide shutdowns of elective procedures. Now given
the strength of our Q1 performance, along with our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year, we are
comfortable forecasting FX-neutral revenue growth in the range of 10% to 12% compared to our prior
range of high single to low double digits. This would include our assumption of Veritor revenues being
towards the high end of our original guidance range of $1 billion to $1.5 billion.

Using current exchange rates, we expect FX to add approximately 200 basis points to revenue growth
versus our prior year guidance of about 100 basis points. We expect our non-GAAP EPS for fiscal 2021
to be in the range of $12.75 to $12.85, which is above our prior guidance range of $12.40 to $12.60, a
raise of $0.30 at the midpoint of the range. So for these reasons, while we are extremely pleased with
our strong execution in fiscal Q1, we want to caution against extrapolating our fiscal Q1 revenue, margin
and EPS performance going forward. While we are not giving quarterly guidance, we thought it might be
helpful to provide some context on this quarter's strength as you contemplate phasing for the rest of the
year.

Our Q1 revenues, operating margins and adjusted EPS are likely to be the highest absolute levels for the
year due to 2 factors: Veritor pricing and the ramp of our planned investment spending. In addition, the
stocking of $100 million will unwind in the remainder of the year. As Tom mentioned, we expect Veritor
revenues in fiscal Q2 to be lower than Q1. As we have discussed in the past, we expected our COVID test
pricing to decline, and this is playing out. We expect Veritor to be well positioned for broad access as we
look ahead.

Regarding our operating margins, our fiscal Q1 EPS benefited from the higher Veritor revenues and margin
profile as well as the timing of investment spending. We expect investment spending, particularly in
R&D, to be meaningfully stepped up in Q2. The combination of these 2 factors will result in our operating
margins moving into the low to mid-20s in our fiscal Q2.

In the second half of the year, given our expectations for lower Veritor revenues and for investment
spending to continue to ramp at a similar rate to fiscal Q2, we would expect operating margins in the low
20s. We're also seeing some impact from the resurgence in January. And like many others, we are also
continuing to see pressure from higher shipping costs as well as some other headwinds. However, due to
the strength of our Q1 results, we're able to offset these headwinds and raise our full year EPS guidance.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

With that, I'll turn it back to Kristen, who will help moderate our Q&A.

Kristen Marie Stewart
Senior Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations
Thanks so much, everybody. And with that, I'm going to open it up to the operator, Stephanie. Stephanie,
could you please read the instructions?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Congrats on a nice start to the year. Just 2 for me, team. So first is just earnings reconciliation, Chris,
obviously, beat by more than $1.50, raised by $0.30. And I know you gave some parameters there. But
we had pricing reductions in our model. We had 20% reinvestment of that upside in the model. Even when
you make those kind of adjustments as well as stocking, it's still a little hard to reconcile the upside in the
quarter relative to the guide. So I appreciate it's a less visible environment. But is there anything else?
Is that investment going higher? Or anything else we may not be thinking about that would explain why
we're not getting this sort of that pull-through in the second, third quarter? Because I think that's going to
be the key question this morning of the call.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Sure, David. Thanks for the question. And I would say, first of all, it's early in the year, obviously. So we're
raising -- but some of the factors that you mentioned we do see playing out in the remainder of the year.
So we had a few things going on. Obviously, we mentioned that Veritor, we would expect that revenue
to come down in the remainder of the year and moderate, as we talked about. We also had timing in
the base business that we would expect to moderate. And to your point, we do expect the investment
spending both in the Veritor reinvestment program that we've discussed as well as R&D and quality to
ramp. So we started those programs in Q1. We watch those -- that spending with some prudence as we
looked at the pandemic playing out. And so we got started, but the ramp really comes in the second, third
and fourth quarter.

And so when you put all of that into context, you also have to take into consideration a little bit of impact
from the resurgence that we saw that we mentioned we have playing out in Q2. So with all of those
factors coming into play, we felt that the -- it was prudent to think about the guidance that we gave as
appropriate at this point.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Dave, this is Tom. Thanks for the comment. Just to reiterate what Chris mentioned, that other topic, is
that we still are in the middle of a pandemic. We want to be prudent, right? We did see some increases
on impacts in procedure volumes in this late December and throughout January. It was certainly less than
what we had seen earlier in the pandemic. But there are new strains underway, et cetera. And when we
gave guidance at the beginning of the year, we said it excluded, right, the impact of a resurgence. Well,
there's been a resurgence. And we've been navigating that very well and actually are raising our outlook in
the middle of a resurgence. So we'll continue to evaluate as things go forward, but we're certainly pleased
with how we started the year.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. So the state of factors you've mentioned, but we're not missing anything, it doesn't sound like.
Okay. The second question for you, maybe Tom, more strategic. This is obviously going to be very good
year. We'll see significant upside. The balance sheet is obviously in dramatically better shape now than
it was a year ago. As you think about 2022, Tom, how are you thinking about the durability of COVID
testing? I know it's a challenging question. And then the ability to sort of manage through what's likely
going to be sort of a volatile or void-driven earnings period as you head into '22. And how are you thinking
about sort of '22 and beyond COVID-wise and sort of managing the earnings process?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I'll start on that, and then I'll turn it to Chris as well to share some comments. Let me maybe focus
on specifically COVID testing, and then Chris can make some broader comments on the broader business.
And we've shared, by the way, in the past, we still remain very confident and expect our revenues,
excluding COVID diagnostic testing, and Alaris pump revenues to grow in those mid-single digits on an FX-
neutral basis for '22, and that remains our aim and our expectation.

In terms of COVID testing as we go into '22, certainly, as I'd shared before, as we got into COVID rapid
testing last July, obviously, we didn't have a high expectation that there would be much testing in '22. And
as kind of each quarter has gone -- has passed since that launch in July, we've said we're feeling more
confident there's going to be some level of testing in FY '22, and that certainly remains the case.

I think what -- one of the ways to think about, as our capacity has gone up in the space, as we recognize
the new strains coming in the market, as antigen testing continues to increase in its receptivity and people
understand now the value in increasing ways of getting a test result in 15 minutes, you saw us take some
actions this quarter to get pricing in that low to mid-teen level, which we think will be more actually
position us well to, as I said, maintain a leadership position for whatever market continues to evolve going
into FY '22, right? That's part of the thinking. Where the actual market ends up in '22? I don't know at
this point in time. I -- there definitely should be some level of testing. And our aim is to make sure that
we're positioned to be a leader in however that testing evolves. And other things that we're investing in
as well, be it our combination assay, which is progressing well in our pipeline, the flu COVID assay for our
exploration of home testing are all aimed with that thought in mind as well. So maybe, Chris, just maybe
some broader comments on FY '22.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

So yes, obviously, we're not going to go through '22 with any level of precision, but I think it is important
to give some high-level comments on it. And as Tom mentioned, the level of COVID testing is a variable
that will have a big impact on '22. We do see the sustainability of testing, but at what level, it's really
hard to guess at this point. In addition, there's a lot of other uncertainty around COVID in general, the
resurgences, mutations, the uptake of the vaccines. And in our business, obviously, Alaris and when that
comes back in '22, will have an impact.

I would remind you that on our November call we said we expected our revenues, excluding COVID
diagnostic testing and the Alaris pump revenues, to grow in mid-single digits on an FX-neutral basis. And
we continue to see that as a reasonable assumption. We can't predict when the FDA clearance for Alaris
and our focus on making a comprehensive filing to support a timely approval is there, but we would expect
some clearance sometime in fiscal '22.

We'd also not look at the second half of '21 as a proxy of what to expect in '22 because both the gross
and operating margins are impacted by several factors. Our operating margin in fiscal '21 reflects these
incremental investments we're making as part of the investment program of Veritor that really helps drive
durable growth aligned with our 2025 strategy. And we don't expect those investments to continue into
'22, so they'll exit -- exiting '21, they'll roll off and that should help margins going into '22.

The other thing I'd point out is that Q1 fiscal '22 will obviously be the most difficult comp from a margin
perspective, given the very strong quarter we just reported. For example, most likely face the most
difficult comparison with COVID revenues as well as from the impact of the timing and stocking that we
talked about. So we would expect our operating margin to compress year-over-year from the 31.6% that
we just achieved. So we'll update you more on our thoughts on '22 as we progress through the year, but
we just thought it's important to provide some of those highlights.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Yes. And as you mentioned, Dave, we feel really good about the progress of our strategy overall and the
underlying business momentum that we continue to build upon.

Operator

Your next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Congrats on a good quarter also. I wanted to touch on one of the slides in the back you have, that
the underlying basis ex COVID grew 4% in the quarter, which was a really healthy rate. How are you
thinking about that base business ex COVID growth through the cadence of the year here? That's a pretty
healthy start in what was a tough quarter. How should we think about that component of the business
throughout fiscal '21?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thanks, Robbie. I'll let Chris answer that.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. I think one way to think about that is what I mentioned about '22 is that we expect the base business
to be ramping at a mid-single digits. So that's consistent with that. So I think that we feel the underlying
business is solidly in that kind of perspective. And as we talked about the base business, we expect to be
kind of in that low to mid-single-digit level for the full year. And so there is some pressures in the second
half of the year on a business-by-business basis. As you think about MMS, there will be some issues. It's
going to be lumpy in the remaining quarters. MMS had a significant amount of revenue in the third quarter
during the pandemic last year. Other parts of the business will ramp nicely. China, for example, as we
lap the COVID impact that really was in Q2 there in China, so we'll start seeing some revenue growth
from that. But again, that's more of a compare. It's not an indication of the underlying business. But the
underlying business really is in that low to mid-single-digit basis. We have some general issues with --
compare to the -- based on the Alaris ship hold. Some of that's been negated by medical necessity. So
there's a number of factors going on. But the bottom line of it all is think about the base business, for the
remainder of this year in that low to mid-single digits and exiting into '22 in the mid-single-digit basis.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Maybe just a quick follow-up. You're generating a pretty significant amount of cash here. You got
the balance sheet in a great spot last year when things were looking pretty down for COVID, and now
things are looking up. So how are you approaching the uses of this cash, particularly as we go into next
year? And to follow up on the last question, there is a question mark about how to bridge some of the
earnings. What are you thinking about uses of cash, M&A opportunities across the business? And how
much of that might get returned to shareholders?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Robbie, I'll start with it and turn it over to Chris for some further details. Obviously, from -- you see us
investing behind our growth strategy. You see us making investments in capacity, for example, capacity
investments in rapid testing, capacity investments in helping the vaccination campaigns, whether or not
that's with needles and syringes or the $1.2 billion investment you saw us announce last quarter related
to our pharmaceutical systems, pre-fillable devices. We're going to continue to invest in growth. Part of
that investing for growth is also our tuck-in M&A strategy, and you saw us begin to accelerate our efforts
in that. Last quarter, you're seeing that continue into this fiscal year. And you heard me mention we have
a robust funnel to continue that. We remain very focused with an emphasis on tuck-in M&A as I've been

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

iterating since transitioning into the role that I'm in today. As we think about more broad deployment of
capital to create shareholder value, maybe Chris, comment on that?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Sure. Absolutely. And I would just say a few things first. We were very proud of the fact that we really
focused on cash during the pandemic. And if you look back, in fact, at the third quarter of last year, our
cash flow actually increased year-over-year despite the fact that the revenues were suppressed from
COVID. And that was the result of a number of actions that we took in the business around inventories,
receivables, payables. And so we're very proud of that. We're really focused on cash.

As we mentioned at your conference last month, Robbie, we paid down $265 million of debt. That kind
of gets us down to the target. So we see the leverage ratio floating down naturally without the need
to pay down debt, which really says that the $5 billion-ish that we've paid down debt over the last
couple of years, that strong cash flow that we're generating will be available to allocate to other value
enhancements. So we've talked about primarily the tuck-in M&A and share repurchase. And as we get
through this pandemic and as that safety net of cash that we've had to ride out the pandemic isn't as
necessary, we'll have the ability towards the end of this year. And you've seen our tuck-in M&A ramping
up, the pipeline is good. We continue to look at a number of opportunities. And by the end of this year, I
think we'll be also talking about giving that cash back to shareholders. Because once we get through this
period, we don't see the need to build up cash on the balance sheet. And so we would be returning that
to shareholders after a certain amount of tuck-in M&As. So this puts us in a very good position. We've
got great cash flow generation and better than ever and that puts us in a great position to allocate that
appropriately.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And we continue -- just as Chris mentioned, these are all programs with momentum. We have a cash
committee that meets basically every week, and we continue to have teams dedicated to that work. So I
appreciate the recognition there, Robbie, and we're going to continue that as well.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

I think that recognition also came from Moody's. We felt really good about the fact that they upgraded us
to investment grade. In fact, not only did they upgrade us, but they kept the positive outlook, which we
really appreciated as well. And so that puts us full investment grade across all 3 rating agencies, and we
fully intend to stay that way.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on a solid [indiscernible] comp. So maybe I'll limit to one question, perhaps a 2-parter. On the
revenue guidance, Tom, did anything change out of -- outside of the Veritor coming in at the high end?
And the reason I ask is, you guys just did $680 million in Q1. The guide of $1.5 billion implies a pretty
drastic fall off in Veritor revenues in the back half. And Chris, the margins here, I think, would imply a
sub-25% op margins for 2Q to 4Q to get to the guide. That's below your pre-pandemic levels. I'm curious
if there are any incremental expenses in the back half.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Vijay, a nice approach with the 2-part 1 question. So on the revenue side on Veritor, so I think the key
thing to talk about there is the pricing comment that I made is one big piece that drives that, right? We

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

said we were above 20% in the last quarter. And as we think about looking forward, we talked about
modeling low to mid-teens. So that's the #1 adjustment there. And again, we've been -- that's not new
news at all and in fact that we've been talking about that we expect pricing to head in that level as our
capacity comes online and we're in a better cost position, et cetera and as more capacity is coming into
the marketplace. And so we've taken actions as planned and that is why we gave guidance. It said expect
the revenues to be highly weighted to the first half of the year, and we've said that from day 1. I think
there remains uncertainty around the effectiveness and timing of the vaccines, especially with additional
variants that are out there, et cetera. But we can't predict what's going to happen there on the second
half of the year. And so we remain projecting that there will be very strong demand for antigen testing in
the first half of the year and that the second half of the year is less certain. Obviously, if demand stays
very high and depending on the dynamics with capacity and demand and how those curves cross over,
maybe there could be an opportunity in the back half of the year, but it's way too early for us to think
about that as -- because it's far from certain or able to be confirmed. So our aim is to position ourselves to
be a leader in the space however it ends up evolving. And as we go forward, there'll be more clarity there,
but certainly a very dynamic environment. Maybe, Chris, on part 2.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. Sure. On margins, Vijay, Q1 margins were obviously very, very strong. And that was a function of a
number of things. First, the COVID testing, obviously. But the base business was very, very strong as well.
And we drove some synergy and continuous improvement kind of margin improvements as well. So all
things were positive in Q1.

As we think about the rest of the year, you would expect that COVID testing to moderate as you model
that out, obviously. And then don't forget you also have the unwind of the timing that we saw of the $100
million in Q1. That unwinds in the remainder of the year. But the most important thing is the ramping of
investments that we have discussed. So we're investing in R&D. We're investing in quality. We're investing
in the Veritor reinvestment program. And all of those things kind of ramp in Q2, Q3 and Q4. And so don't
think about that as an indication of our pre-pandemic margins. It's just completely different. And then
those investments go away into '22. The beauty of it is they begin to drive improvements in growth, in
revenue generation, in margin expansion, and those things will kick in towards the latter half of FY '22. So
you get the pickup in margins by them going away and then the benefit of those investments in driving
revenue growth and margin improvement going forward. So you can't look at that as -- well, those are
different than pre-pandemic margins. So that's the way to think about '21 as it plays out.

Operator

Your next question is from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

I'll just stick to one topic, especially, Tom, since you mentioned it's still your #1 priority. On Alaris refiling,
are you guys just waiting on FDA at this point? Or is there more work that BD needs to do? And if there's
more work, what still needs to be done? I'm just looking for a little bit more detailed update there.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Sure. And thanks, Bob, and good to connect. So as I mentioned, we remain on track for the submission
in late fiscal Q2 or early Q3. And we're not waiting on anything specific from the FDA. These are very
comprehensive submissions, right, think 1,000-plus page filings that take time to prepare and have a
lot of comprehensive data in them. And so right, we've always said from the start, our focus isn't in
rushing into a submission, but it's around ensuring a comprehensive submission that is going to achieve
our ultimate goal, which is a timely FDA review and clearance. And so that remains our focus from that
perspective. Obviously, Q2, Q3 is coming up upon us here. The teams are making great progress, and we
continue to iterate that time line. We'll continue, as we have in the past, as we get to that date -- those
dates, we'll provide updates at public conferences or as appropriate.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. So not that everything is into the agency and you're just waiting to hear back from them? You guys
are still putting the package together to submit?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Correct. You can expect that, once we submit, we'll communicate that in appropriate form. But we haven't
-- we're preparing to submit in the time line that I mentioned.

Operator

Your next question is from Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Just given that you're clearly accelerating tuck-in M&A from the capital deployment standpoint, which
makes a ton of sense, especially with the COVID windfall and your free cash flow generation, should we
be thinking about the contribution for what you might do on a more aggressive kind of M&A front going
forward as maybe bringing you more towards kind of upper mid-single-digit kind of growth profile or even
maybe high single digits? I'm just trying to think through the shift in the reprioritization here, clearly,
more aggressive, more on offense. Is that where we're headed once we return to a more normalized
environment?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thanks for your question. Obviously, our #1 focus is on durable mid-single-digit revenue growth,
and that's our aim here. And so we really see -- we often refer to it inside as inorganic innovation. We look
at our pipeline. We look at the market spaces that we participate in. I walk through 3 of our 3 key areas
of innovation focus earlier in the call, and we evaluate constantly what products and initiatives we can
fund organically and drive in-house to advance that strategy and create shareholder value and value for
patients and providers. And we also are constantly looking at the external landscape as well to see how
-- what may be out there that could get to market sooner than we could or maybe has some great talent
that created some really exciting innovations outside of BD that we can bring in-house. And so we're going
to continue to do that, but it's all in line with, I'd say, a more holistic approach to driving that durable mid-
single-digit revenue growth profile that people really have come to appreciate from BD. Thanks for the
question.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair.

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Just some things on Veritor. Can you just talk about your capacity now? And you mentioned that making
additional investments in testing, so where was that in capacity there? Where would that get you? And
just how to reconcile the capacity expansion that you're going through with the thoughts on the slowdown
in demand? How do I reconcile this? Is this also about building for at-home testing and you tee some
thoughts on exploration there? Can you just tell me what that means?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Brian, and good to connect, as always. So the capacity is, as we've communicated in the past, right,
that we are at -- going to 12 million tests in March is what we communicated on our last earnings call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

And we're on track for that. And we're also on track for the MAX capacity expansion that we had described
before.

Now I don't think it's a fair thing to say that we continue to sell all of that capacity as we look forward.
That's not known to us, particularly in the back half of the year. But we're positioned. This is a global
pandemic that's going on in the world. As we think about opening up businesses and schools and other
things, people are going to look at what different types of testing technology they can use, and our aim is
to make sure that things are available to health care systems as needed. So we're doing that. And we've
also shared, right, we're actually depreciating those assets within the year. So that as things unfold in '22
and '23, those assets won't be burdened on our P&L because we're able to fund that within the profits that
are generated within this fiscal year. So that's our approach. Nothing more than that. We -- at this point,
we probably don't want to comment more on the home space other than to mention that we are actively
exploring that, has been our practice as we advance our work in that and the combination assays that
we've shared that are in development. We'll really end up sharing more about those as we actually gain
EUA and head towards launch if those occur. So I think that's it. Maybe we do have Dave Hickey on the
phone. I can pause. And Dave, I don't know if there's any other comments to add from you.

Dave Hickey
President of Life Sciences Segment

No. I mean, Brian, it's -- I mean, Tom, you've captured it eloquently. I think capacity, we moved to 12
million tests per month from next month. You mentioned MAX. So MAX, actually, we did increase capacity
to 1.9 million tests per month for the molecular assay from last month actually. And there are a variety
of additional topics like the claims, home testing, OTC that we're exploring right now as well as additional
menu to leverage the 70,000-plus Veritors that are going to be out there. And as those decisions take
place, we'll share more details as we get those decisions.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And those markets still are not well-defined today, as you know, Brian. So thanks for the question.

Operator

Your next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just one for me on -- you have the BTK panel coming up on February 17. As you guys know, that tends
to get outsized attention by investors. So it sounds like you guys requested the panel. What do you think
the hot topics or key issues are going to be? Every panel has them. Do you expect FDA and the panel to
debate whether it should be 6-month efficacy, that's the focus or 12-month data? Your level of confidence
in the outcome? And do you still see this as kind of a $150 million opportunity, which is kind of what Bard
thought it was before the acquisition.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Larry, and great question. Let me maybe make a short comment here, and then we have Simon
Campion on the phone, and we'll turn it over to him, who's obviously much -- who's deeply versed in
this. So first off, just as a reminder, we have nothing in our forward-looking plan for BTK approval, right?
It's not in our '21 plan. It's in no forward-looking outlook that we have as we think about how we model
things within the company. Today, Lutonix revenues are less than 1% of our overall BD revenue. And this
indication, specifically, again, is not included in our forecast.

As we go into the panel, and Simon will share more detail on this, the one thing that we have is we know
this is a highly underserved market, and we know that our clinical trial data shows very strongly that it's
safe, that Lutonix is safe in this patient population. I think it's the first product that's gone through a trial
in the U.S. that has the ability to do that. Now the question is, are the clinical outcomes that were shown

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

in our trial sufficient enough for it to be warranted for an approval? And so Simon, let me turn it over to
you to talk a little bit more about that.

Simon D. Campion
Executive VP & President of Interventional Segment

Yes. Thanks, Tom. So as Tom just reiterated, the safety profile of DCBs and the BTK in particular has been,
I think, has been well discussed. And the data that we're providing is demonstrating continued safety of
the Lutonix product.

In relation to -- we did request the panel meeting, as you know, below-the-knee patients with critical
limb ischemia are in a very bad way. It's the most serious form of peripheral arterial disease. They have
multiple comorbidities. And some of the most important things for this patient population are: a, options;
and b, an opportunity to expand the gap between these frequent interventions that they will have. So
as we move into panel, certainly, there will be a debate around the clinical data that we've acquired.
But I think, more importantly, this is another tool in armamentarium of tools that clinicians have for BTK
intervention. If you think back 20 years ago, an SFA or popliteal intervention, there were PTA balloons and
off-label stents. And today, there's a wide range of technology available to them all the way up to drug-
coated balloons and drug-eluting stents. But in BTK today, as I said, the most serious form of peripheral
arterial disease, there is one product available, and that's PTA. So we're not suggesting this is the silver
bullet for all BTK patients. We're suggesting that this is another tool that can enhance the outcomes for
different patients and equip physicians to assess each and every patient and have yet another tool to treat
them with. So the panel is on February 17. We've gone through a comprehensive preparation for it, and
we'll absolutely put our best foot forward on that day to commence panel in the merits of our application.

Operator

Your next question is from Larry Keusch with Raymond James.

Lawrence Soren Keusch
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

So Tom, I wanted to just touch on the investment spend that you guys talked a lot about. And certainly,
you've really amped up the conversation around that over the past couple of quarters. And I guess I'm
really focused in on the R&D side of things. I feel like I've heard this story in the past here at BD, and
there's been some challenges with innovation and really getting products out onto the market that were
considered to be more than just evolutionary. So I get the sense that things are probably different this
time around, but I'm just trying to understand if there's a new approach or are you investing differently or
anything that you can kind of speak to help us get comfortable that these investments hopefully can lead
to visible new product introductions.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Truly. Good and fair question. So a couple -- let me start with just overall R&D effectiveness, and I can get
a little bit of color on the types of initiatives that we're investing in here and also how we think about our
overall innovation system. So as you know, John DeFord joined us as our Chief Technology Officer about
3 years ago. And really, under his leadership, there's been tremendous progress within the organization
and with the segment teams, the business teams in advancing our ability to drive innovation. Actually,
over that time period, we've gone from kind of the midpoint of not being where we wanted in terms of
on-time milestone delivery or on-time launches to being as we benchmark ourselves to being in a top
quartile within the industry of hitting our milestones and, most importantly, hitting our launches, right?
Our launches are now about 80-plus percent of our launches are on time, which is up very notably over
the last 3 years, up over 30 percentage points or around 30 percentage points, in fact.

So we see the progress being made. And that's the result of a lot of system improvements, new
capabilities brought in, taking some of the best practices actually from Bard and the acquisition and
applying those across the company. So that's something we're going to continue to build upon. As we
think about the innovations that we're investing in, as we look at those, there's not -- there's a few, as I

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

think about them, kind of new to world innovations that are in our pipeline. I mean, one is some of the
ones we've already talked about, right, non-COVID menu expansion on Veritor and MAX to take -- to
capitalize on our expanded footprint. We have a strong track record of developing new assays on MAX and
Veritor, right? It's just examples of that.

Other initiatives are accelerating programs that we already had in our pipeline and allowing them to come
to market a year or 2 earlier than we originally projected. That's an area of investment that we're making,
and there are a number of areas in each of the segments which we're accelerating new products into the
pipeline, but they're all very much in line with our strategy and areas that we're confident that we have
internal capabilities in. Of course, what we are also doing that's complementing that is that tuck-in M&A
strategy that I mentioned before. And we do think about often, and we'll have those discussions internally,
if technologies are better developed in-house or that we should be going outside because we have --
we don't have those capabilities in-house. And we'll either look at do they exist today in someone else's
pipeline and is that an opportunity for tuck-in M&A? Or do we need to be doing collaborations with outside
groups. And many of -- there's many R&D programs that we have today, I think probably a record level
of R&D programs where we have external partnerships in place. Actually, the BD COR would be one that
I mentioned before. We have very strong external partnerships with the robotics because that's a very
advanced automation system. And so we brought in robotic experts that helped us with that launch, and
it's going really well in Europe. And we'll bring it to the U.S. here, but that's one that we probably wouldn't
have been able to develop in the same way if we had tried to do it on our own. But we're seeing successes
with that approach, and we're seeing it in many other areas as well.

So that's kind of maybe just a little bit of color, Larry, in how we think about it overall. But with that
progress that we've made and the way that we've thought through making these investments and how we
also think about where it's smarter for us to do tuck-in M&A, we're confident in those investments.

Operator

Your next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I just wanted to ask about the Veritor pricing from the standpoint of how that came about. I usually
would think about it as being more of a competitive dynamic, but it seems like, for your comments, you're
being a little bit more proactive to lower price to make it a better value proposition for stakeholders. And
so I wanted to understand: a, how that came about; and b, do you expect it to go down further in the
future? Or do you think this is a point of equilibrium?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Good question, Matt. So yes, you're right. It's a combination of -- we do -- we've always said that we
believe the pricing would head in this direction. Our capacity is increasing, and we want to be proactive
in maintaining that leadership position. There is -- but there is additional capacity coming in the industry
now as well, too. And there will be further capacity coming in. We're not the only company who's adding
in capacity. And so we think about that holistically and where pricing as a result of that is going today
and where we best position our products to remain a leader in that, and that's how we develop it, and we
spend a lot of time thinking those things through as to when and how we optimize our pricing, again, to
also serve what is a continued evolving customer base as more nontraditional areas of health care getting
to -- wanting to do antigen testing and making sure that it's appropriately priced to enable the broadest
access to the product while we're still in the middle of a pandemic. And so we've gotten very positive
receptivity so the pricing. We've already started to roll that out a couple of weeks ago last month. And so
good question. Thank you, Matt.

Operator

Your next question is from Josh Jennings with Cowen.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Just one quick one on Veritor, just with the U.K. and South African variants. I think the U.K. ran some
studies on rapid antigen testing and confirmed that there was no change in sensitivity or specificity. If we
think about the South African variant and the U.K. variant and future variants, what is Becton doing to
just monitor those variants and ensure that the sensitivity and specificity aren't altered by some of the
mutations in the virus and then the subsequent antigens that you guys are testing for?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Good question, Josh. And that's certainly something that our teams are all over. Let me turn it over to
Dave Hickey, who we've got on the line, the President of our Life Science segment.

Dave Hickey
President of Life Sciences Segment

Right. Thank you, Tom. And Josh, great question. So to your point, there have been obviously several
newly identified variants reported recently, and there could well be others, right, recognizing that this is an
RNA virus, very much like influenza and HIV that are known to mutate. And for us, we've got 2 different
types of platforms, right? So we've obviously got the BD Veritor antigen test. We've got the BD MAX and
molecular PC assays.

So let me take MAX first. So for BD MAX and for the assays that we have on the MAX, we've already
completed an in silico analysis, which is a computer model based on sequencing and to look at those
mutations. And from everything that we can see around those mutations and the lineage of the sequence,
we have no impact on the BD MAX assays.

For BD Veritor, which is obviously more a minor assay based on the top of the protein, based on early
analysis again there, we have no evidence to show that the U.K., South African and, indeed, Brazilian
variant will have an impact on the test. But we continue to take actions to look at that, further confirm
and monitor the performance. And again, we've done that for the ones that are already out there and any
potential new emerging strains. And this is a critical topic for us because I think the thing to remember
here is as these variants come online and come out, which are reportedly more transmissible, it makes the
importance of rapid testing and access to testing as important, if not more important, than ever.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Tom Polen for closing
remarks.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Well, thank you, and thanks, obviously, to everyone for your questions. Just before we sign off, I
would be remiss if I did not thank BD's 70,000 associates around the globe who every day rally around
our purpose of advancing the world of health. Your efforts and achievements this quarter were noticed.
You continue to work tirelessly to make sure that our needed products reach the frontline to combat this
pandemic while executing on our strategic agenda. I'm proud of how we've started our fiscal 2021, and
I'm looking forward to continuing to deliver on our goals of developing innovative devices and making
meaningful health impacts to people around the world. On behalf of the entire executive team, thank you
for your efforts and sacrifices.

Onward we go together. And like you, I'm proud to be BD. Thank you for listening today, and we look
forward to connecting at in future investor meetings with everyone who's joined the call. And until then, I
hope everyone stays safe and healthy. Thank you.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Thanks, everyone.

Kristen Marie Stewart
Senior Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations

Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have
a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

