Best Buy Co., Inc. NYSE:BBY
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 27, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.76

2.90

5.07

1.00

5.96

6.07

1.85

6.26

15053.12

15196.00

0.95

9207.25

43517.95

43638.00

0.28

43986.70

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-27-2020 12:42 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.87

0.99

1.03

2.76

1.02

1.08

1.13

2.90

17.24 %

9.09 %

9.71 %

5.07 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Mollie O'Brien
Vice President of Investor
Relations

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

ANALYSTS

Anthony Chinonye Chukumba
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Allen Baker
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.,
Research Division

Peter Jacob Keith
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Raymond Leonard Stochel
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

Scott Andrew Mushkin
R5 Capital Ltd

Steven Paul Forbes
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Best Buy's Fiscal Year '20 Fourth
Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for playback and
will be available by approximately 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time today. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the conference call over to Mollie O'Brien, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am,
please go ahead.

Mollie O'Brien
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call today are Corie Barry, our CEO; Matt
Bilunas, our CFO; and Mike Mohan, our President and COO.

During the call today, we will be discussing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation
of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an
explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful can be found in this morning's earnings
release, which is available on our website, investors.bestbuy.com. Some of the statements we will make
today are considered forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These statements may address the financial condition, business initiatives, growth plans,
investments and expected performance of the company and are subject to risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the
company's current earnings release and our most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and
uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.

I will now turn the call over to Corie.

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.

Today, we are excited to report strong Q4 results with revenue of $15.2 billion and non-GAAP earnings per
share of $2.90. Our enterprise comparable sales growth for the quarter was 3.2%, above the high end of
our guidance range and on top of 3% last year. We are posting our 12th straight quarter of comparable
sales growth and showing our strength as a successful multichannel retailer who can meet customers
when and where they want.

We offered compelling holiday deals that resonated with customers and provided a seamless shopping
experience, great inventory availability and fast, free delivery. Across online, home and stores, we are
fulfilling our purpose to help enrich people's lives with technology while also helping technology companies
commercialize their product innovation.

Our Domestic segment comparable sales were up 3.4%. From a product category standpoint, the comp
growth was driven by strength in headphones, computing, appliances, mobile phones and tablets, partially
offset by gains. We also saw continued growth from our transformative initiatives like Total Tech Support
and In-Home Consultation.

The enterprise Q4 non-GAAP operating income rate of 6.5% was better than we expected due to lower
SG&A expense. On the gross profit rate line, the mix of products we sold in the quarter drove a lower rate
than we anticipated.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

For the full year, we grew enterprise comparable sales 2.1%, expanded our non-GAAP operating income
rate 30 basis points and increased our non-GAAP earnings per share 14% to $6.07. We also returned $1.5
billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.

In summary, we are proud of these results, and I want to thank all of our associates for their hard work,
commitment to serving customers and amazing execution as we navigated ever-increasing customer
expectations, a consistently competitive retail environment and a challenging tariff situation.

Against that backdrop, our associates also continue to drive significant progress against our Building the
New Blue strategy. We believe our strategy will uniquely position us over the long-term by leveraging our
combination of tech and touch to meet every day human needs and build more and deeper relationships
with customers.

Let me provide some highlights of our progress, starting with how we are better serving our existing
customers. We continued to innovate and design digital experiences that solve customer needs across
online and physical shopping. This includes enhancing our digital shopping platform with new functionality
and evolving our marketing strategies to drive engagement with our customers, with a particular focus on
our app.

Our app continues to see strong customer ratings, and usage grew significantly through the year. In
fiscal '20, customer visits to the app were up 22% overall, and usage of our app within our stores was up
approximately 17%. Customers on the Best Buy app engage with us 8 times more frequently than those
who solely use our website or mobile sites. At the same time, we continue to transform our supply chain
using automation and process improvements to expand fulfillment options, increase delivery speed and
improve the delivery and installation experience. We also continued to improve the buy online, pick-up
in-store experience for our customers, including the introduction of curbside pickup and alternate pickup
locations.

As a result of all the work our teams have done throughout our supply chain transformation, in Q4, we
promised free next-day delivery on thousands of items all season long to 99% of our customers with no
membership or minimum purchase required. And we also promised online customers who wanted to pick
up in store that their items would be ready within 1 hour of placing an order. As a result, store pickup was
up over 500 basis points to 42% of online sales in Q4.

All of these improvements were made with our customer experiences in mind, and they contributed to
continued online growth for the year. We saw particularly strong results in the fourth quarter, where
online sales grew 18.7% and represented 25% of our total domestic revenue. For the year, online sales
represented almost 20% of our domestic revenue.

We also focused on enhancing the in-home experience for our customers. During fiscal '20, we expanded
our In-Home Consultation program from 530 to 725 advisers. This, combined with tools to maximize
their productivity, helped us decrease the amount of time customers were waiting for an adviser
appointment, a key driver of NPS and close rates, and allowed us to provide more than 250,000 free In-
Home Consultations to customers across the nation.

Both employees and customers continue to love it. The Net Promoter Score for purchasers is high at 87
and the adviser employee turnover remains low. Additionally, we are now seeing a growing percentage
of repeat purchases as customers develop and take advantage of their relationship with their advisers.
This, of course, was the intent when we began the program. And we're delighted to see these relationships
being built as we continue to increase investment in technology that is perfectly suited to this new kind of
seamless customer interaction.

Providing 24/7 support for all their technology needs is another way we build relationships with our
customers. Our Total Tech Support program grew steadily during fiscal '20 to end the year with almost 2.3
million members. It continues to get strong customer reviews, and members spend more and are twice as
likely to use other services than nonmembers. The average member uses the program approximately 2.5
times per year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

During the year, we also rolled out pilots to test new member requested benefits related to networking,
parental controls and data storage.

We also made progress on our initiatives to capture new demand and enter new spaces. In fiscal '20, we
became the nation's largest physical destination in terms of points of presence for Apple Authorized Repair
Services, including same-day iPhone repairs. Almost 40% of these Apple Repair customers are either new
to Best Buy or haven't made a purchase in the last year.

Turning to Best Buy Health. During fiscal '20, we continue to advance our initiatives designed to help
seniors live longer in their homes with the help of technology. We successfully integrated 2 additional
acquisitions that have given us unique and essential capabilities and infrastructure, talent and a base
of customer relationships to build from. We are encouraged by the integration with Best Buy and the
conversations we are having with potential partners.

Of course, our success with customers and the progress we are making on our Building The New Blue
strategy is driven by the enthusiasm, talent and purposeful leadership of our employees.

During fiscal '20, we continued to invest in wages, training and many new employee benefits, including
paid time off for part-time employees, paid caregiver leave, expanded mental health benefits, enhanced
adoption assistance and a new surrogacy assistance benefit. Our employee engagement is high, and our
turnover rates in our stores remain in the low 30% range compared to 50% 5 years ago. Additionally,
our average store general manager has been in his or her store for about 6 years, which is incredibly
important from a store leadership and community perspective.

In parallel to the customer experience work during fiscal '20, we continued to drive efficiencies and
reduced costs in order to fund investments and offset pressure. In the middle of the year, we completed
the existing $600 million cost reduction target that we had set in fiscal '18. In September, we announced
our new target of an additional $1 billion in annualized cost reductions and efficiencies by the end of fiscal
'25. We achieved approximately $160 million toward our new goal in the back half of the year.

We are also proud of our progress in advancing our corporate social responsibility and sustainability
efforts. In fact, we were just named to the top 5 on Barron's Annual 100 Most Sustainable Companies list
for the third consecutive year. You can find more information about our efforts in our annual corporate
responsibility and sustainability report, which can be found at investors.bestbuy.com.

Similarly, I would like to note our progress related to our Teen Tech Centers, a program we are very
proud of and passionate about. These centers are after-school learning spaces equipped with cutting-edge
technology where teams learn new tech skills, gain exposure to new career possibilities and benefit from
positive adult and peer relationships. We have added 11 Teen Tech Centers in the past year for a total of
33 locations across the country.

Moving forward, we will continue to invest in this program, with plans to open 11 new centers this year.
And we know this work is making a difference. 91% of teens say they are more optimistic about their
futures because of their time at the Teen Tech Centers and 73% say they are interested or very interested
in studying some aspect of STEM in the future.

I'm also incredibly proud to report that Best Buy was once again the top partner for the same Tuesday
for Giving (sic) [ GivingTuesday ] campaign, helping raise a record $22 million through customer and
employee donations in our stores and online this holiday season. That pushes our cumulative total to more
than $100 million raised for the kids of St. Jude since we first partnered in 2013.

As we enter fiscal '21, we are excited about our opportunities and are encouraged by our momentum. As a
reminder, back in September, we set 3 fiscal '25 targets focused on employees, customers and financials.

First, to be one of the best companies to work for in the U.S., exemplified by being named the Fortune 100
Best Companies To Work For list. Second, double the number of significant customer relationship events
to 50 million. This includes Total Tech Support memberships, homes visited, active digital engagement,
financial services and senior life support. And third, deliver continued top and bottom line growth over
time, specifically, to get the $50 billion in revenue and a 5% non-GAAP operating income rate in fiscal '25.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

We believe our strategy will translate to an economic model that delivers results by better serving existing
customers, capturing new demand, entering new spaces and building capabilities while maintaining
profitability over time.

I would like to highlight some focus areas for this year.

First, in service of our existing customers, we will continue to bring our deep CE expertise and unique
ability to partner with vendors to commercialize their new technology, offering customers great products
and solutions. In this context, we are excited by the opportunities related to technology innovation over
the next several years. As we have discussed previously, these are technologies like 8K, OLED, dual screen
notebook computers, foldable phones, consumer health products, connected fitness, new gaming consoles
and new products that leverage 5G capability.

We will also launch new categories where we can leverage our digital-first mindset, supported by our
expertise around curation and supply chain. Some of these will be online only and include areas such as
hearing aids, sustainable living products, expanded connected fitness initiatives, and travel and luggage.
These are categories that we believe our customers would expect to find at Best Buy.

From a digital standpoint, we will continue to drive engagement with customers during their shopping and
ownership journey while making it as seamless as possible for customers as they interact with us across
channels.

For example, in the app, we will make it much easier for customers to discover and benefit from the
support services we offer, including scheduling appointments, which is something that currently requires a
separate app download. We also plan to utilize location data to make it even easier and more intuitive for
customers in the app to see both product availability and the expanding options for fulfillment.

From an in-home standpoint, we will continue to enhance the experience for customers while at the
same time testing new opportunities for growth and becoming more efficient in the way we are serving
customers in their home.

As I mentioned earlier, we now have over 720 in-home advisers, and we continue to receive great
customer feedback. In fiscal '21, we are testing new tiered adviser roles that will match the right
employee with the right customer need. We are also continuing to enhance our clienteling technology
platform to drive better customer experiences. For example, the platform can increasingly help our
advisers use knowledge about their clients' current and future needs to proactively communicate new
promotions and product launches over time that can help meet those customers.

In addition to our in-home advisors, we also have approximately 900 Magnolia system designers, all of
whom are supported by nearly 6,000 Geek Squad agents who are trained in premium home theater and
custom installations. Looking forward, we see an opportunity to build upon all of these great resources
collectively to enhance the customer experience.

Our stores remain incredibly important and must work in tandem with our digital and in-home
experiences. In fiscal '21, we will continue to enhance both the proficiency of our store associates and
optimize the way they work in order to drive stronger customer relationships.

We are also investing in technology, including the rollout of electronic shelf labels to all of our stores, to
enhance the customer experience and generate cost savings through added efficiency. Additionally, we
will test and learn from a small number of new store and remodel pilots, with a focus on fulfillment and
differentiated shopping experiences for our customers.

We will continue to develop and hone our local market focus by leveraging the strategic changes we made
last year to our field operations. Designed to create a more seamless experience across channels, these
changes put single leaders in a position to be accountable for stores, services, supply chains and home
propositions in their market. These leaders are supported by a channel-agnostic program centered around
insights, data and analytics to view a market's largest opportunity and fast track initiative to accelerate
growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

In Total Tech Support, our focus will be on driving new memberships and ensuring our members continue
to see the offering as something they can't live without. We know that our members tend to use the
offering more in the initial months after becoming a member. And our goal is to continue to see the usage
increase over time across their membership.

As we shared at our investor update last September, we see an opportunity over time to evolve our many
customer memberships, which also includes our millions of My Best Buy customers. We plan to roll out
pilots during the year as we work on the best way to simplify offering and move from managing the
economics offer-by-offer, which is how we look at it today, to a more holistic and streamlined offering that
is centered on the customer.

Turning to our focus on capturing new demand and entering new spaces. In fiscal '21, we plan to expand
our lease-to-own purchase option by building awareness throughout the year and then adding an option
for customers to use lease-to-own for online transactions in the third quarter.

Now I would like to talk about Best Buy Health. As we've shared before, most of the seniors we currently
serve are utilizing easy-to-use mobile phone products and connected devices that are tailored for seniors
and come with a range of relevant services. For example, with our health and safety services, customers
can talk to U.S.-based specially-trained agents who can connect them to family caregivers, provide
concierge services and dispatch emergency personnel.

As we enter fiscal '21, there are a number of developments that we believe will accelerate the growth
of this direct-to-consumer business. First, we are launching a number of new products and services,
including a new mobile medical alert device also called PERS, a wearable device and app designed for
both seniors and their caregivers. Second, we are enhancing the customer experience in our Best Buy
stores. This includes expanded shelf space and merchandising presentation as well as the ability for sales
associates to help customers activate their devices at the time of purchase, so they can start using the
services right away. Third, we have a new distribution agreement with Walgreens to carry our new PERS
device in 6,600 Walgreens stores across the country and walgreens.com. Fourth, we signed a new AARP
agreement whereby the organization's 38 million members will get exclusive discounts on our health and
safety devices.

At the same time, we will continue to focus on the commercial health opportunities where the services
we provide for seniors are paid for by health plans, health systems and others in the senior care industry.
There is a high level of interest in our unique combination of tech and touch and the potential we have to
reduce health care costs and bring greater peace of mind for seniors and their families and caregivers. As
we expected when we entered the space, the healthcare industry has long sales cycles, and this side of
the business will take longer to ramp than the direct-to-consumer side.

Turning to supply chain. We will focus on leveraging automation across the supply chain network and
offering customers free next-day delivery, which leave you as table stakes across the industry. We will also
continue to roll out enhancements to buy online, pick-up in-store to make it even more convenient for our
customers to get their products, including alternate pickup locations as well as curbside pickup at Best Buy
stores.

We have just expanded alternate pickup to approximately 2,000 locations across 9 markets and plan
to expand to more markets throughout fiscal '21. These alternate pickup locations are in areas where
either our store locations are not convenient or the ship-to-home option is not desired. Last quarter, we
also introduced curbside pickup at approximately 100 stores, which allows customers to pick up their
pack without even getting out of their car. Customers are finding value in this option as curbside already
accounts for 15% of store pickup units at those locations, and we plan to expand this service to the
majority of our stores in fiscal '21.

Of course, to bring all of the initiatives we have just discussed to light, we will need to invest in
technology. It is imperative to the success of our strategy that we continue to improve our clienteling
and CRM program, enhance our data and analytics capabilities and drive artificial intelligence, machine
learning and automation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Before I turn the call over to Matt, I want to note that we are closely monitoring the developments related
to the coronavirus, and our thoughts are with all of those who had been infected. We remain focused on
supporting our people and vendor partners during this time. As you all know, this is a very fluid situation
that is changing daily, and thus, it is very difficult to determine exact financial impact.

Our guidance ranges for both Q1 and the full year reflects our best estimates at this time. Based on
what we know today, we have assumed the majority of the impacts occur in the first half of the year.
Therefore, we view this as a relatively short-term disruption that does not impact our long-term strategy
and initiatives.

For the year, we expect comp growth of flat to up 2% and a non-GAAP operating income rate of
approximately 4.8%. This guide reflects our continued investment in those areas necessary to make
strategic progress and deliver enhanced employee and customer experiences as well as our continued
focus on driving cost savings and efficiency. We remain confident that our fiscal '21 plan moves us along
the path to achieve our fiscal '25 target, specifically, the financial targets of $50 billion in revenue and a
5% operating income rate.

In summary, we are pleased to report strong results for the fourth quarter and full year, and our amazing
teams are motivated and ready to deliver on our fiscal '21 initiative. As you can see, we have a lot of
exciting work underway and ahead of us.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Matt for more details on our fourth quarter results and our
guidance.

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Good morning. Before I talk about our fourth quarter results versus last year, I would like to talk about
them versus the expectations we shared with you last quarter.

On Enterprise revenue of $15.2 billion, we delivered non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.90, both
of which exceeded our expectations. We had better than expected revenue results both online and within
our international business. From a category perspective, we saw stronger than expected performance
from computing and headphones, whereas gaming and smart home were a bit softer compared to our
previous estimates. As Corie mentioned, our non-GAAP operating income rate also exceeded the high end
of our expectations for the quarter. The higher operating income rate was driven by lower SG&A, which
was primarily the result of lower than expected incentive compensation expense and strong expense
management. This was partially offset by a lower than expected gross profit rate. I will share additional
details on the gross profit rate drivers later in my prepared remarks.

The favorable earnings per share results versus our guidance also included a net $0.03 per share benefit
from a lower effective tax rate that was partially offset by a higher share count. I will now talk about our
fourth quarter results versus last year.

Enterprise revenue increased 2.7% to $15.2 billion, primarily due to the comparable sales increase of
3.2%. Enterprise non-GAAP diluted EPS increased $0.18 or 7% to $2.90. This increase was driven by
a $0.12 per share benefit from the net share count change and a $0.06 per share benefit from a lower
effective tax rate. In our Domestic segment, revenue increased 2.6% to $13.85 billion. The comparable
sales increase of 3.4% was partially offset by the loss of revenue from store closures in the past year.

From a merchandising perspective, the largest comparable sales growth drivers were headphones,
computing, appliances, mobile phones and tablets. These drivers were partially offset by declines in our
gaming category. In addition, comparable sales in the services category were essentially flat to last year.
As we shared previously, the slower growth as compared to previous quarters is primarily due to lapping
the refinement of revenue recognition for our Total Tech Support offer we made in Q4 of last year. Within
the quarter, growth from Total Tech Support revenue was largely offset by a decline in warranty revenue.
Looking forward, we expect comparable sales growth in the services category to be in the mid-single-digit
range next quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Domestic online revenue of $3.5 billion was 25.4% of Domestic revenue, up from 21.9% last year.
On a comparable basis, our online revenue increased 18.7% over the fourth quarter of last year. The
growth was primarily driven by higher average order values, but also benefited from increased traffic
and improved conversion rates. In our International segment, revenue increased 3.4% to $1.35 billion,
primarily driven by comparable sales growth of 1.6% and approximately 160 basis points of positive
foreign currency impact.

Turning now to gross profit. The domestic gross profit rate was 21.2% versus 22.1% last year. The 90
basis point decrease was primarily driven by items we shared on last quarter's call. These include: one,
an unfavorable sales mix of products; two, rate pressure in our services category; and three, impacts
associated with tariffs on goods imported from China, which was largely aligned with our expectations
heading into the quarter.

During the quarter, we experienced more pressure from product mix than we previously expected due to
heavier mix in certain vendor products. International gross profit rate decreased 30 basis points to 22.6%,
primarily due to a lower year-over-year gross profit rate in Canada.

Moving to SG&A. Domestic non-GAAP SG&A decreased $48 million compared to last year. The decrease
was primarily due to lower incentive compensation expense, which was partially offset by a number of
items, including variable expenses associated with higher revenue and higher advertising. As a percentage
of revenue, SG&A decreased approximately 70 basis points to 14.7%.

I would like to say a few words on incentive compensation expense, which has been a driver of lower
SG&A expense compared to last year throughout fiscal '20. Most of the favorability over the course of
the year has been due to last year's results significantly exceeding our incentive performance targets.
Compared to our original expectations at the start of the year, lower than planned incentive compensation
had an approximately 10 basis point favorable impact to our full year fiscal '20 operating income rate, with
nearly all of the impact occurring in the fourth quarter.

International SG&A of $215 million increased $8 million and was flat to last year as a percentage of
revenue. The $8 million increase was primarily driven by expense associated with new store locations in
Mexico and the negative impact of foreign exchange rates.

As Corie said, during fiscal '20, we returned $1.5 billion to shareholders through $1 billion in share
repurchases and $527 million in dividends. This morning, we announced that we increased our quarterly
dividend 10% to $0.55 per share and provided an outlook for share repurchases of $750 million to $1
billion in fiscal '21. I would now like to talk about our outlook.

Our full year fiscal '21 financial guidance is the following: Enterprise revenue in the range of $43.3 billion
to $44.3 billion; Enterprise comparable sales of flat to 2%; Enterprise non-GAAP operating income rate of
approximately 4.8%; Enterprise non-GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $6.10 to $6.30; and a non-GAAP
effective income tax rate of approximately 23%.

I would like to call out a number of assumptions. We expect to continue to operate in a positive consumer
environment in 2020. As Corie mentioned earlier, our revenue guidance also include our best estimate of
the impacts from supply chain disruptions caused by the coronavirus outbreak. We expect our gross profit
rate to be approximately flat on a year-over-year basis. SG&A as a percentage of revenue is expected to
be slightly up to fiscal '20.

As it relates to capital expenditures, we plan to spend in the range of $800 million to $900 million as we
continue to build the capabilities needed to execute our strategy. The increase in capital expenditures will
include some of the areas Corie noted previously, such as deploying electronic sign labels and continued
investment in technology, health and supply chain.

As it relates to the first quarter, we are expecting the following: Enterprise revenue in the range of $9.1
billion to $9.2 billion; Enterprise comparable sales growth of flat to 1%; non-GAAP diluted EPS in the
range of $1 to $1.05; a non-GAAP effective income tax rate of approximately 22.5%; and a diluted
weighted average share count of approximately 260 million shares.
I will now turn the call over to the operator for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Peter Keith with Piper Sandler.

Peter Jacob Keith
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I just want to ask on the full year guidance. So it looks like at the midpoint, you're guiding to about 2%
earnings growth, which is a little bit below last year's initial range and also below kind of the long-term
CAGR to 2025 of about 4% before buyback. So I would assume there's some coronavirus impact in the
numbers. But could you just kind of frame up why the overall earnings growth is a little bit below maybe
normalized run rate?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. This is Matt. I'll start with that. First, as [indiscernible] remarks, I believe we're operating in a very
positive consumer environment similar to last year. All the data points indicate a good consumer and
employment's good. Wage growth is good, consumer spending is good and wage forecast. That being said,
separately, there is some supply chain-related issues as a result of the coronavirus. So on the low end of
our guide, we would assume that there's material disruption -- a supply chain disruption from that, and
we -- and that we can't make it all up in the year. So that's one reason. As we said, we did factor in the
coronavirus outbreak into the overall guidance in the range. We're still very positive about a number of
initiatives that we have, such as IHA and TTS growth. There are certain categories that we still expect to
perform strongly next year, such as appliances and headphones.

Like I said, Total Tech Support is still an area of growth for us next year. Gaming would be an area where
we are expecting it to be down on a year-over-year basis as well. We do expect to see new console
launches in holiday period next year, but the first 3 quarters are -- will be down or we expect to be down.
And then we still have moderate assumptions for TVs and mobile phones. To the extent that there is
a better adoption of some of those new technologies like 5G and 8K, then that could help move us up
towards [ stellar ] range. So to your earlier point, yes, we did try to factor in the coronavirus outbreak into
the overall year, and that did have some impact to the overall guidance.

Peter Jacob Keith
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And maybe a quick follow-on. Is there a way to think about the impact of coronavirus on first half of
the year, maybe from a comp sales perspective? Understanding that -- and it might be wrong, but it would
be helpful to understand how much is factored in at this point.

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

So Peter, this is Corie. I think trying to size perfectly the coronavirus impact at this point is incredibly
difficult. I think you -- as much as anyone would expect in this incredibly fluid situation. We are trying to,
for Q1 and the full year, estimate as best we can the impact mainly in the form of lower sales volume, as
you can imagine. And we literally so far have gone vendor by vendor to analyze the size of the impact. But
it is complicated and very difficult to size. And we're trying to weigh things like which factories are back up
and running, and they're all at varying capacities across Asia. Even if the product isn't final -- produced in
Asia, some people are waiting for components that may flow from there. There are varying levels of safety
stock across the industry, and global vendors have varying levels of global inventory. And then obviously,
estimating the transportation situation once the production comes back is also difficult.

And so based on what we know today, we're assuming the majority of the impact is in the first half. And
we do view it as a relatively short-term disruption that doesn't impact our longer-term strategy. But

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

obviously, right now, we are isolating our approach to the supply chain impacts. And as Matt said, we're
assuming the consumer continues on a relatively good pace. So there's still a lot for us to learn there,
which means sizing it perfectly just doesn't seem appropriate at this point.

Operator

Our next question comes from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.

Unknown Analyst

This is [ Josh ] on for Simeon. The complexion of your margin guidance is a little bit different from the
recent past. What are you doing to stabilize gross margins when some of the headwinds like tariffs appear
to be rising? And are there internal or external factors responsible for the reversal of the SG&A leverage
that you've seen over the past few years?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. As it relates to gross profit in Q4, I think the implied guidance going into the quarter assumed about
60 to 70 basis points of pressure. What we saw in the quarter largely played out with what we expected
in the same areas. We -- as a reminder, what we said was one of the buckets was unfavorable sales mix
of products, and vendor mix was part of that. Services pressure was another aspect to the pressure we
saw going into the quarter. And then as well, we factored in tariffs on port of goods from China. Largely,
those all still played out. What we did see was a little bit more pressure on the sales and vendor mix than
we expected. During the quarter, we made a point to meet the market in a few key categories. We weren't
leading the market from a promotional perspective. In those categories, the [ cost in there ] was very
high, even higher than we probably even expected going into it. And the mix of that had a negative impact
on margins.

So we don't believe that -- we wouldn't characterize it as a rational or overly promotional, more or less
just meeting the customer demand in a very thoughtful way. And if you step back and look at the entire
year, the full year gross profit rate was down 20 basis points. Q4 was most of that decrease. And as we
said, next year, we're expecting gross margin rates to be flat. So we do believe that pressure will start to
stabilize next year. Now we're not going to guide every quarter, and we don't expect it all to be the same,
but from a full year perspective, we do expect some of that to stabilize through next year.

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

[ I'll take ] your question about go forward in nature for next year. And the reason we think they stabilized
a bit more, there's a couple of things. One, while tariffs had some impact on Q4, for the next year, we
would expect there to be very minimal impact over the year as the teams work through their own efforts
to mitigate. And obviously, that gets a little hard to measure along with the coronavirus impact, but we
feel like the teams are very well positioned to mitigate the vast majority of the tariff impact for the next
year. So that's part of what changes the trajectory of that margin pressure as we head into next year as
well. More of a stabilization of the services business, as Matt talked about, as we lap all of the changes
to the Total Tech Support curves and all those things, next year, you have a bit of a stabilization there as
well.

In terms of your SG&A leverage question, I think we would characterize that as 2 things: One, Matt
mentioned the incentive comp implications over the last year, and we are pretty specific about that; and
then two, the cost reduction and efficiencies work that the team has done, at least portions of that also
flow through SG&A, and that's a bit of where we're also paying out some of that leverage.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

So I apologize for hitting on the coronavirus issue. It's obviously topical. I mean clearly, as you've
mentioned, it's fluid. But I guess the question I have is as you start to try to contemplate what impacts
this could have on 2020 trends, could you help us understand what you're seeing, if anything, right now?
Are you seeing indications of supply chain disruptions at the moment? Are they coming in the very near
future?

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

Brian, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. When we do all of our product forecasts [ for the purpose
of ] selection processes, we have full visibility to what's coming into the country through a variety of
sources from our top vendors, including the things we source directly. So what we're trying to infer in our
guidance, I think, you see is there's a handful of issues around some items that are going to either be
delayed or we have some constraints that -- and now on full transparency and anything [indiscernible]
commence or get [indiscernible] don't have yet, and what [indiscernible] were not also speculating is any
delayed launches of technologies. And so I think about this a little bit of how we thought about tariffs
last year. U.S. market is the most important consumer electronics market in the world, and we're a very
significant part of that. And so when we think about high-value goods and new technology and where
consumer demand is, everything gets prioritized for this part of the world. And I don't think that's going
to change when things are back running at full speed. And our partners want to work with Best Buy just
like we're making sure everything we can do to help them during this trying time is in place. So that's
probably the best visibility I can give you right now.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

That's really helpful. And then if I could just slip one quick follow-up in. As we look at the fourth quarter
gross margin, and you called out a number of kind of transitory or unique factors that have contributed
to that decline. But is there a way you could parse it out more just so we can understand the true margin
performance of the business as we take into consideration guidance for flat margins here in the next year?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. I think as we went into the quarter, we gave -- I gave you the big buckets of where the pressure
was. It was the product mix, sales and vendor mix and then services category as well as tariffs. Last
time we spoke, we did got to indicate that most of those buckets kind of equally weighted. And again, we
implied the guidance to be down about 60 to 70 basis points. So you can do the math there. As we went
through the quarter, we also, as we just said a second ago, we did see a little bit more pressure on the
mix for product and vendor mix. So that would make that a little bit more of the increase from where we
expected it to be.

Operator

Our next question comes from Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital Markets.

Anthony Chinonye Chukumba
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

I actually will not be asking a coronavirus-related question. I actually wanted to talk a little bit about rent-
to-own. I guess I have 2 questions. First off is, was offering rent-to-own financing a significant contributor
to the domestic comp performance? And then the second question, you mentioned -- it sounds like you're
going to be maybe advertising a bit more aggressively. You also mentioned adding it online in the third
quarter. And I was just wondering if you can just give a little more color in terms of -- on the advertising
piece, in terms of what your plans are there for rent to own.

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

I'll start with the significant question. [indiscernible] is definitely having a bit of a positive impact, but it is
still relatively small in the scheme of things. And so it's not -- I would not characterize it as significant to
the nature of your question.

Second, in terms of advertising more or going online, we definitely think that having this as a digital
offering is important just given the way we're seeing our customers shop. We want to be able to have this
as an option online. So yes, you'll see that in Q3.

From an advertising or marketing perspective, we've been doing some regional testing on that. I wouldn't
expect to see us go full scale, put a ton of muscle behind a big marketing or advertising campaign.
I think we feel, right now, this is mainly a referral process. As we've talked about before, we tend to
start customers with our own branded private label card. And if for any reason, they're unable to qualify
for that, then we move on the lease-to-own option. And so I think it's a little bit less about a large
scale advertising effort. And we continue to see it as a nice secondary option. And look, financing and
purchasing is all about different purchase options, and that's what we feel like we can provide here.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Can -- want to focus on the either the aggressiveness or the conservative nature of the gross margin
expectation for '20 -- fiscal 2021. So can you give us a sense for the cadence of gross margin over the
course of the year? Do you expect it to be down in the front half and up in the back half? And what would
have to go right for it to be better than that? And what would have to be -- go wrong for it to be worse
than that? And the question comes just on the heels of you missing your gross margin expectation in the
fourth quarter because of mix.

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thank you. In terms of next year's gross profit rate, I would characterize -- again, the year, we're
expecting it to be flat. And we outlined a little bit of the puts and takes there. I think from a benefit
perspective, we're -- we expect to see continued growth in our health business, and as Corie mentioned,
continued cost-reduction efficiencies helping us on the margin rate.

On the pressure side, we will see a little bit pressure on the supply chain as we move bigger products
through our supply chain system. We'll see a little bit of pressure there, too. Tariffs will be a little bit of an
impact, but again, not a material impact next year. And services, when you take out health, will be a little
bit of a pressure next year as -- again, as we're removing more large products. So those are kind of the
major things that are benefiting and putting a little pressure on it. We're not going to give exact quarter
guidance. Things aren't always going to be the same in every quarter, but I wouldn't expect any quarter
to be much different than that basic makeup, meaning one materially down versus the others, at least as
far as we can see right now. We do expect it to stabilize for most of the year. And we will -- some of that
pressure we saw this Q4, we would expect to lap as we look into next year.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

If I can also add one clarifying question. Have you only assumed supply chain disruptions in your
guidance? How long do you assume those will persist? And have you assumed anything about changes in
behavior -- consumer behavior because of all the headlines we're seeing?

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Right now, we have isolated it to supply chain disruption because, literally, every consumer indicator and
every more macro forecasts that we can get our hands on right now would say you continue to see growth

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

in the consumer. And for us to predict exactly how the consumer is going to react, given how quickly this
is evolving and changing every day, didn't seem prudent.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Forbes with Guggenheim Securities.

Steven Paul Forbes
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Maybe just given all the near-term noise here with the virus, I kind of want to step back and revisit the
5% long-term EBIT margin target, right, given the achievement of that level in the U.S. segment this year.
So if you can, maybe just discuss how the expectation breaks down on a segment basis, right, as we look
out. And if possible, provide some directional color around the EBIT margin structure for 2020, 2021 on a
segment basis.

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. We -- so overall, I think as we try to achieve or as we look to achieve the 5% goal in FY '25. I think
we always talked about the path that, that wasn't going to exactly be linear. We did achieve a pretty high
operating income rate end of year. A chunk of that was actually due to the short-term incentive favorability
that we had. So as we look at next year and the years out, we still expect health to be a good contributor
to that expansion of OI rate. Internationally, I would say, more of the same, probably operating income
rate more stabilized over that period of time. Domestic is where we'll probably see more of the expansion
as we look into FY '25 from a segment perspective.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs.

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I wondered if I could talk about the holiday season. Just how did you manage the 6 fewer days? And
did you see any change in patterns of demand as a result? And just from a promotional standpoint with
promotions coming earlier, is that something that impacted gross margins during the quarter?

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

So I'll start and Mike can add anything he would like to. I think one of the things we're most proud of in
terms of Q4 is that it really felt like our investments in our digital experiences and our supply chain were
really paying off. And I would definitely extend kudos to our merchandising and marketing teams who
just did a great job hitting promotions early in the holidays and ensuring that we had a really consistent
plan throughout the holiday season. We've said in our last call when we guided, we felt like the number
of days was not nearly as large an impact this year as it had been in the past. Meaning, because there
are so many ways in which you can get products fulfilled and how we felt about our strength with next
day, same day, and particularly, in-store pickup, which we said was 42% of what we sold online, we had a
really unique ability to offer customers what they wanted on the terms that they wanted it. And so I think
this was a period where we really felt like you could see the investments that we have chosen to make up
to this point shine. Mike, I don't know if you have anything else you want to add.

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

No. I would just -- thanks, Corie. Kate, I would just reinforce the efforts that we talked about at the
investor event in September, really thinking about customer experience around fulfillment and what the
role Best Buy could play more on a long-term basis. We knew the environment would be different. And
we've historically thought about the time frame broader than just the days between Thanksgiving and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Christmas and being able to deliver things that consumers wanted when they want it and where they did,
played out well for us. And I think that's a big part of our strategy going forward.

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. And just one follow-up, an unrelated question. I think you talked about the decline in warranty
growth during the quarter. But within the guidance for services for 2020, it sounds like you said it would
be up mid-single digits. So I just wanted to know what the view is on warranties within that guidance. Or
will the majority of growth be from the Total Tech Support?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thank you for the question. Next year's Total Tech support will drive most of our services growth
next year. I think in Q4, we did see a bit lower warranty revenue. If you think about the mix of products
we sold and heavier online mix as well, those tend to put a little bit of pressure on the warranty revenue
which we saw in Q4. Next year, we believe that stabilizes a bit. And -- but most of that growth we're going
to see next year is on the Total Tech support side.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Baker with Nomura.

Michael Allen Baker
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

A couple of follow-ups. In fact, I'll follow-up right on that services question. So mid-single-digit from Total
Tech Support, yet you have 2.3 million people signed up now. And I think a year ago, it was like 1 million.
So that's like a double. So I guess, why wouldn't that be growing more than mid-single digit? That's one
question. The second follow-up is on incentive comp. You said 10 basis points, it helped relative to your
plan for the year. And you'd already been planning it down. And that 10 basis points, it was mostly in the
fourth quarter. It's like 30 basis points in the quarter. I guess the 2 questions there is, one, in such a short
amount of time, how could it have been so much better than planned, especially with the fourth quarter
being a pretty strong quarter? Why would it have come in so much lower than planned? And in total, how
much did it help year-over-year and not just relative to plan?

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

So the TTS, the Total Tech Support side, and the growth that we're driving there, we're actually seeing
that grow. And I think what you have to remember is this is one of those recurring revenue businesses
that's going to pay back over time. There is growth there. On the flipside, we also plan to have -- invest
more in free installation and delivery would eat away some of that growth. It also shows up in the services
line. I think broadly, I would go back to, though, what's important to us, is what we talked about at the
Investor Day, which is services as is defined in that line on our 10-Q, and then there are services as we
think about it, which is a much broader definition. It includes things like the membership that we talked
about, In-Home Consultations, like the broad range of things we offer for customers. And so I would
absolutely ask you not to just think about services as the revenue that you see there, but as a broader
suite of things that we provide for our customers.

Michael Allen Baker
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

Can I follow up on that? So when I pay the Total Tech Support, which I am a member, by the way, that
was $199 spread out over a year. Does that fall into that services line item?

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Yes.

Michael Allen Baker
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

Okay. And then on the incentive comp, again, how could it have been so much better than planned if the
fourth quarter is pretty good? And then -- and what was the plan, I guess?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. As you can imagine, every year, we set the FDI based on this year's budget. And going into the
quarter, we had -- and then we change the guide and forecast every quarter during the year. Going into
Q4, we simply had a forecast that had us achieving some of those budgeted expectations that are the
basis for both our store plans and our corporate plans. And by the end of the quarter, we simply just didn't
get to those budget expectations, and hence, the better-than-expected incentive compensation for the
quarter.

Michael Allen Baker
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

So presumably, they were gross margin plans rather than sales plan?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

We have -- the predominance of our plans are both revenue and operating income.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research.

Raymond Leonard Stochel
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

Great. Could you talk a little bit more about the electronic sign label investment? I think we've seen that in
stores. What exactly are you referring to there? How significant is it? And how are you thinking about R&I
-- ROI and strategy there?

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

Ray, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. You're correct. We have rolled out approximately 200 stores in our
chain with electronic signs. And we've been testing a variety of different ways of doing 2 things to truly
see how to improve the customer experience with more accurate information on the tags, more flexibility
on our pricing, which has a significant [ core height ] benefit of having less people needed to physically
change price tags. And as you can imagine, in this omni-channel world, highly promotional time frames
like the end of November through the Christmas selling season, we still have a lot of our employees who
were dedicated to resetting the store, reprinting tags, setting up bundle promotions. We do a lot of unique
things. We needed to really pilot this to understand it could handle all the aspects of pricing for Best Buy
because we're far different than a mass retailer or a grocery store. We're very happy with the outcomes
that we're seeing. And we finalized the program to scale this to the balance of chain. So we see it as a
net benefit for us long term, both on a cost standpoint, an employee engagement standpoint, and most
importantly, on a customer experience standpoint.

Raymond Leonard Stochel
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

Great. And then could you give us a sense about -- around how toys performed for you all this holiday?
It looks like you've grown assortment over the last few years without Toys"R"Us in the market. Is this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

a meaningful business for you all now? And are you seeing any of the overhangs that other retailers
discussed?

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

We are growing our toy assortment, Ray, but it is not a meaningful business for us. And I don't think it will
be. We look at toys as a nice color to our gaming business. And while traditional gaming has been down,
computing gaming is up significantly. And we're always trying to find ways to meet our customers where
they are from our shopping experience, and we'll continue to do that, but it's not a -- it's not a very large
part of our business today. I don't see it being that in the future.

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

I think the wonderful thing is the vast majority of our assortment is now being at toys by kids. When you
think about iPads, when you think about computing gaming, I mean toys for us is such a bigger answer
because of the way kids are growing up today and what they value and want. So it's not just about the
Toys open for us. It's about being positioned right at holiday to finish the list, like Mike said.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital.

Scott Andrew Mushkin
R5 Capital Ltd

Yes, I think I want to touch on just the kind of the cadence of new technology coming to market. I know,
Corie, you kind of outlined some of the things in the next couple of years. But I know there's been some
thought if 5G will really be a 2021 event and that the 8K TV cycle might disappoint a little bit. So I was
trying to get your view on kind of the cadence of new technology coming to market.

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

Yes. Scott, I'll start and Corie could definitely chime in. We're -- I mean, we're always excited about what
technology has given -- the role we play. I think is both -- it's a short-term and a long-term game. What
I mean by that is short-term, there's a lot of noise out there around what 5G is or isn't from the mobile
networks, just consolidation that likely is going to occur. And that's just going to create confusion for
consumers. When that happens, I think that quite plays a significant role. There's an advantage to what
a 5G network will do today, but we're just starting to scratch the surface on what it will do longer-term
when you think about it from an overall standpoint of being connected, both mobile and in your home. I
think Best Buy's position is, we'll be -- we're excited about it. We're going to continue to lead in innovation
that's currently helping consumers understand what it can do. And it will drive some demand on the
mobile sector regardless because of the new devices that come out that people want to understand.

To the second question on 8K TV. I think the technology, well, it's interesting what it does. What it really
does, it enables customers to get a better quality, larger television set. And that is one of the key driving
things that we see -- because when we bring something home -- one of the reasons we actually get TVs
returned today, one of the top reasons that they didn't buy as big of a TV as they thought they should
have, even though they have the space. And the better the TV can look with 8K resolution, it helps -- the
easier to have that conversation with the consumer and get them what they really need. So we see it as
a driver for large free TV, and that's been a significant part of the business segment to date, and I think it
will continue to drive going forward.

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

And the only thing I would add to what Mike said is that, when it relates to 5G, I think we have a really
unique advantage here. When we think about our very localized market-based strategy and combined with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

our ability to commercialize new products, which will be coming over the next, to your point, multitude of
years, we can help customers because it's going to be market-by-market, and it's going to be confusing
for customers because some phones will be available, some phones won't. And this is where I think our
market strategy and our ability to commercialize technology really will show up over a multitude of years
here. And with that -- go ahead.

Scott Andrew Mushkin
R5 Capital Ltd

No. I was just going to -- because no one touched on it yet. I just wanted a quick thought on the health
care initiatives and what kind of the pushback you're getting from health care providers? I know it's right
at the end, but I was just wondering if you can give us color there.

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Yes. I think you're probably mainly referring to the commercial side of the business, which is where
we're working on some [ partners ] -- yes, with providers. I think it's less about pushback, and it's more
about how do we collectively move it forward. It's very new. It's very different. Actually, everyone is
very interested in health care in the home. There isn't a partner we talked to who's not interested. It's a
question of how do you fit it into the existing reimbursement methodologies, existing systems, existing
way we think about care, and how do you provide enough room to test and pilot at a small level. We can
learn enough that it makes it worthwhile to roll out on a larger scale. So it's not actually pushback. There's
a lot of interest. It's a question of how that thing starts to pilot and then scale.

And with that, I think that's our last question. I'm going to thank you all for joining us today, and we look
forward to updating you on our next call in May regarding our Q1 results. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

