Best Buy Co., Inc. NYSE:BBY
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 25, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.09

1.71

Revenue  (mm)

9794.35

9910.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-25-2020 12:46 PM GMT

56.88

1.18

1.14

5.76

6.51

9992.68

43739.15

45070.71

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.03

2.76

0.41

1.09

1.13

2.90

0.67

1.71

9.71 %

5.07 %

63.41 %

56.88 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Mollie O'Brien
Vice President of Investor
Relations

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

ANALYSTS

Anthony Chinonye Chukumba
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Matthew J. McClintock
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Peter Jacob Keith
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Steven Paul Forbes
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Presentation

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Best Buy's Q2 Fiscal 2021 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for playback and will be available by
approximately 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time today. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mollie O'Brien, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please
go ahead.

Mollie O'Brien
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call today are Corie Barry, our CEO; Matt
Bilunas, our CFO; and Mike Mohan, our President and COO.

During the call today, we will be discussing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation
of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an
explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful can be found in this morning's earnings
release, which is available on our website, investors.bestbuy.com.

Some of the statements we will make today are considered forward-looking within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may address the financial condition,
business initiatives, growth plans, investments and expected performance of the company and are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking
statements. Please refer to the company's current earnings release and our most recent 10-K for more
information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this
call.

I will now turn the call over to Corie.

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we are reporting strong quarterly results,
and we are encouraged to see the customer demand for our products and services and proud of the
amazing execution of our teams through these unprecedented times. However, we have not lost sight of
the fact that people continue to suffer, and we extend our sympathy to all those who have lost someone to
this virus, are sick with COVID-19 or are facing financial hardship as a result of the pandemic.

From the very start of this crisis, we have been focused on guiding the business with 2 goals in mind:
First, ensuring the health and safety of our customers and employees while protecting the employee
experience as much as possible; and second, making certain we come out of this moment a strong,
innovative company.

The results we are reporting today would not be possible without the effort and energy of our frontline
employees working in our stores, supply chain facilities and customers' homes. I want to thank all our
employees for their tremendous commitment to our customers and for living our purpose to enrich lives
through technology. They are navigating not only the impacts of the pandemic, but also fires, hurricanes
and civil unrest. Their willingness, even enthusiasm, to continually adapt as we manage through the
evolving environment has been extraordinary.

For our second quarter, we are reporting revenue of $9.9 billion, which is growth of approximately 4%
from the second quarter of last year. Our Q2 non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.71 compared to $1.08
last year. Enterprise comparable sales growth was 5.8% despite the fact that our stores were open by

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

appointment only for the first 6 weeks of the quarter. Products that help people work, learn, connect and
cook at home, like computing, appliances and tablets, were the biggest drivers of our sales growth.

Trends across most categories improved materially throughout the quarter as we opened our stores for
shopping, especially categories like large appliances and home theater that benefit from more experiential
shopping. We also saw very strong digital demand for some of our newer categories such as digital health
and fitness, at-home fitness equipment, sustainable living, outdoor activities and camping equipment.
While still relatively small categories from a revenue standpoint, they are extremely relevant in today's
environment and highlight our ability to leverage our digital-first mindset supported by our expertise
around curation and supply chain.

Throughout the quarter, we experienced inventory constraints in a number of categories, which did
moderate our sales growth. While we expected product constraints as we entered the quarter, the
stronger-than-anticipated demand as we opened our stores for shopping resulted in more constrained
product availability than we expected.

Turning to profitability. Our Q2 non-GAAP operating income rate of 5.9% expanded almost 200 basis
points from last year due to materially lower SG&A expense. The lower SG&A is a direct result of balanced
but prudent decisions to lower costs in response to the uncertainty of the pandemic and our evolving
operating model. That level of lower SG&A, for the most part, is not sustainable as we add labor hours in
our stores, reinstate short-term incentive plans and increase advertising spend. Matt will provide more
detail later, but we expect Q3 SG&A expense to be more in line with last year's third quarter.

I would like to take a moment to recap the evolution of our store operating model. We ended Q1 in a
curbside-only model with no in-store customer shopping. At the beginning of Q2, we started welcoming
customers back into our stores by offering an in-store consultation service to customers by appointment
only. On June 15, we began allowing customers to shop without an appointment at more than 800
stores across the U.S. And as of June 22, almost all of our stores were open for shopping. At that time,
approximately half of the 51,000 associates who had been furloughed in April returned. We also resumed
our in-home sales consultations, adding to the other in-home services we provide like delivery, installation
and repair, we had previously resumed back in May. As we reopened our stores, we saw considerable
demand from customers who clearly value and want an in-store shopping experience.

Prior to reopening, we were retaining approximately 92% of last year's revenue at the start of Q2. Then in
the last 7 weeks of the quarter, total sales grew 16% compared to the same period last year. Trends have
remained strong in August, with sales up approximately 20% for the first 3 weeks of Q3, as customers'
demand for products that help them work, learn, cook and entertain from home continues. To meet this
increased demand, we have now returned approximately 2/3 of the furloughed associates.

Throughout this time period and across all the ways customers can shop, we have continued to adhere
to safety protocols that limit capacity, follow strict social distancing practices and use proper protective
equipment, including requiring our employees and customers to wear masks. Like many retailers, we
are also operating at reduced store hours. And after reopening our stores, we were operating with
approximately 20% fewer hours than last year to match customer demand patterns.

This pandemic and the swift shift in customer buying behavior really underscores the importance of our
strong multichannel capabilities. For the full quarter, our Domestic online revenue grew 240% from last
year. Even when stores opened for customer shopping, online sales growth continued to be extremely
strong. In fact, in the last 7 weeks of the quarter, online revenue grew approximately 180% over the same
period last year. Domestic online sales have continued to be very strong in Q3 and are up approximately
175% for the first 3 weeks of August.

We believe it is essential to provide options that let customers choose what works best for them. We are
continuing to provide fulfillment options customers have come to expect from all retailers like fast and
free home delivery and buy online and pick up in store. We will also continue to provide great experiences
like curbside pickup, in-store consultations and, of course, home installation of appliances, TVs, fitness
equipment and more. And our digital experiences, such as chatting with an expert or leveraging a digital
consultation in your home, remain popular options.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

During the first half of the year, in responding to the pandemic, we made decisions across all these
operating models that stressed safety. Although we temporarily gave up some share while our stores were
closed to customer traffic, according to our data, our share has largely recovered since reopening. Most
importantly, we made the right decisions for our employees and customers. In Q2, more than 97% of
customers surveyed indicated that we made them feel safe, and we believe the credibility we garnered
will, over time, contribute to more brand love and thus more revenue.

I would add that since the beginning of the pandemic, we have seen elevated growth in the number of
new customers. And while it is still early, these new customers are showing a higher likelihood to return
than new customers in the prior year period. As we look forward, the environment is still evolving and
our operating model and supporting cost structure is evolving as well. The pandemic has accelerated the
evolution of retail and compelled us to change our operating model in the best interest of our customers
and employees. It has also allowed us to expedite some planned strategic changes that will set us up to
emerge from this time even stronger.

I'd like to provide some insight into our approach, starting with 3 concepts we believe to be permanent
and structural implications of the pandemic. One, customer shopping behavior will be permanently
changed in a way that is even more digital and puts customers entirely in control to shop how they want.
Our strategy is to embrace that reality and lead, not follow. Two, our workforce will need to evolve in a
way that meets the needs of customers while also providing more flexible opportunities for our people.
And three, technology is playing an even more crucial role in people's lives due to the pandemic. And as
a result, our purpose to enrich lives through technology has never been more important. Said differently,
people are using technology to address their needs in ways they never contemplated before, and we play
a vital role in bringing tech to life for both customers and our vendor partners.

As you would imagine, these concepts are extensive and interdependent, and we are both implementing
change today and assessing future implications across our business. These implications have been
considered as we have made decisions throughout the course of the pandemic and will help shape our
strategy for our future store design, our operating models and our digital investments. We will provide
more examples as our plans evolve, but here are some initial thoughts on strategic implications over the
next several quarters.

From a store standpoint, we have been responding to the impacts from the pandemic in a way that has
been enabled by tremendous flexibility at the local level. We are leveraging localized data and analytics
that allow us to pilot various services, like opening stores an hour earlier for consultations only. Using
data and analytics also allows us to quickly and productively customize operations to the local situation
if necessary. This is especially important for us to effectively respond should the virus flare up in certain
markets.

It is too early to know exactly how much of our sales and customer shopping activity will be via digital
channels over time. But as a result of the pandemic, we expect it will be higher than it has been
historically. As a result, we are starting to evolve the way we use our stores for fulfillment. For example,
next month, we will be piloting a ship-from-store hub model to help handle significant volume pre-holiday
and year round. All our stores will still ship out online orders, but approximately 250 locations will be
positioned to ship out significantly more volume. These locations were chosen for their space, proximity
to carrier partners and ability to support same- and next-day delivery. Over time, this should allow us to
deliver a more productive fulfillment model. We are also continuing to add additional third-party physical
pickup locations for online orders to provide more flexibility and convenience for customers, and now have
more than 16,000 covering 85% of the population within 5 miles.

As it relates to our people, we are investing in compensation and beginning to incorporate elements of
the flexible workforce we first introduced at our Investor Day a year ago. We took a major step earlier
this month by evolving the pay structure for our store employees and raising the starting wage to $15 per
hour.

Since the early stages of the pandemic, all hourly retail associates and supply chain employees who were
working received incremental hourly appreciation pay. The incremental hourly appreciation pay started
March 22 and ended August 1. On August 2, the beginning of our third quarter, we implemented a new

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

pay structure that reflects an ongoing evolution and is the result of clear and consistent feedback from
field employees across the country. To provide more predictability and pay, a 4% increase in hourly rate
replaced short-term incentive compensation for hourly store employees below the leadership level. After
the 4% hourly pay increase, employees who are not yet at $15 per hour had their pay increased to the
$15 per hour starting wage. For field leadership and corporate employees, we are reinstituting short-term
incentive compensation programs for the back half of the year.

Since the beginning of the pandemic, we've worked in partnership with our company founder, Dick
Schulze, to provide our employees with emergency financial assistance. Together, we've established 2
funds totaling more than $10 million, one for the benefit of any full or part-time employee needing general
financial help and a second for those who have become ill with the virus. We are also evolving the way
we work to position employees to serve customers based on need, irrespective of channel. A few early
examples include our consultation program and our Geek Squad agents.

As most of you know, we launched our In-Home Advisor program a few years ago. At that time, the
program consisted of highly trained individuals who were strictly going into customers' homes to provide
free comprehensive technology consultations. In May, we developed an in-store appointment engine as we
adapted our operating model to respond to the pandemic. As a result, our In-Home Advisor program has
morphed into a consultation-across-all-channels model. We now have a system with tiered advisers, which
provides more opportunities for more employees by matching employees with the needs of the customer.
And they can provide free consultation in stores, in homes and via phone or chat, depending on customer
preferences. Our Geek Squad agents are not only providing technical support to customers in stores,
many of them have also been cross-trained to work in our call centers, providing crucial phone and chat
support to solve a variety of customer needs. Another example of the way we are increasing the flexibility
of our workforce is our store employees who are making same-day deliveries to customers' homes from
200 of our stores.

The examples I just shared have largely stemmed from our response to the pandemic. Going forward, we
are on a path to develop a flexible workforce model that leverages technology and provides associates
the ability to work whenever and wherever they want. Right now, we are building the foundation by
leading our store employees through skills-based training for their existing roles. Over time, there will be
opportunities for employees to gain additional skill sets and be able to fulfill multiple roles, which will lead
to additional scheduling eligibility and flexibility.

From a customer experience standpoint, our strategy is to not only keep pace with but anticipate changes
in customer expectations, including safety, by adopting a customer-obsessed approach that is primarily
digital. I'll share a few examples of how this is showing up in our app, which saw the number of customer
downloads double compared to last year. We are piloting more opportunities for virtual consultations with
our Blue Shirts and in-home consultants, including abilities to share live video. This is especially critical
during the current environment and increased need for remote consultation and assistance capabilities. We
are also expanding our use of augmented reality in the shopping experience so customers can more easily
select the right products based on the space in their homes by using the camera on their own phone.

For the in-store experience, we are piloting a self-service, in-aisle checkout for selected SKUs. This will
allow a checkout process that is fast, convenient and involves minimal contact for customers. And for
our curbside pickup experience, we are adding functionality that will display information about high and
low traffic times and provide digital updates for customers when they are in the parking lot waiting for
their curbside orders. We will continue to add features and capabilities to the app to drive frequency,
retention and personalization opportunities, all of which are significantly higher in the app than other
digital channels.

As it relates to the third implication of the pandemic, one of the ways in which technology is playing
a more crucial role in our lives is related to health. For Best Buy Health, our focus on digital health, in
particular helping seniors live more independently with our unique combination of tech and touch, has
become even more relevant as the world responds to the pandemic and concepts like telehealth become
more mainstream. We continue to expand our assortment of health-related products and, looking forward,
see this as an area of technology innovation we are uniquely well suited to help customers navigate.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

We recently announced to our employees a new President of Best Buy Health, Deborah DiSanzo, who
will start in September. Deborah has more than 30 years of experience at the intersection of health care
and technology, including leading the IBM Watson health team, where she launched artificial intelligence
offerings designed to help doctors, researchers, health care providers, pharmacists and insurers better
serve patients around the world. She's also the former CEO of Philips Healthcare, where she helped bring
consumer-grade automatic defibrillators to the market. She is a recognized thought leader in artificial
intelligence and big data, has deep experience in running businesses known for their innovation in health
care and has a demonstrated ability to drive growth both organically and through acquisitions. We are
excited to have her lead our strategic work to bring health technology into the home to help people live
better, safer and more independent lives.

Before I conclude my prepared remarks, I want to talk about our ongoing commitment to diversity and
inclusion in our community. We are always striving to attract and invest in talent that reflects the diversity
of all communities and fosters an inclusive culture across the organization. We're powered by the belief
that our people matter most and diverse perspectives make us better. Our culture of inclusion values every
human being's experience and supports each employee to bring their true and authentic selves to work.
Our efforts have not gone unnoticed. Earlier this year, the Human Rights Campaign named us a Best Place
to Work for LGBTQ Equality. And Forbes Magazine named us on its list of America's Best Employers for
Women. We were also recently named one of Parity.org's Best Companies for Women to Advance.

In the wake of George Floyd's death and the subsequent protests, Best Buy is committed to doing better
when it comes to taking action to address racial inequities and injustices. We've created a diverse task
force within the company to help us define and create meaningful change, and we will provide visibility to
our corresponding commitments in the near future.

We've also committed to creating more than 100 Teen Tech Centers to help bridge the opportunity gap
and digital divide for teens in disinvested communities across the country. And we're one of the leaders in
a new public-private partnership called ConnectedMN that will provide computers and Internet access to
thousands of youths in our home state. Finally, we have signed on as a founding member of the Parity.org
ParityPledge in support of people of color. This is a public commitment to interview at least one qualified
person of color for every open leadership role that is at the Vice President level or higher, including the C-
suite and Board of Directors.

In conclusion, we delivered very strong Q2 financial results in an environment that continues to evolve.
We are executing well and also clearly seeing benefit from the need for people to connect, work, learn,
cook and entertain at home. Looking back, it was only 5 months ago that we closed our stores to
customer traffic, drew down the full amount of our revolver, made the difficult decision to furlough
associates and saw total sales declines reach 30% at one point.

Throughout the pandemic, we have been confident that we will emerge an even stronger company
than we were before. Clearly, we are still operating in a dynamic environment, and much uncertainty
remains around future outbreaks, government stimulus efforts and the economic impact of sustained high
unemployment levels and ongoing shutdowns that vary by industry. We are cognizant of all these factors.
At the same time, we are encouraged by our clarity of purpose and our momentum, which has guided and
will continue to guide our operating model changes and investments.

Our purpose to enrich lives through technology is more relevant than it has ever been, and we are
confident regarding our execution, adaptability and the opportunities ahead. We will continue to invest
in those capabilities that focus on the customer experience over the long term and that are designed to
provide choice, speed and now safety.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Matt for more details on our Q2 financial results.

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Good morning. As Corie highlighted, the demand for our products and services was remarkably strong
during the quarter. Although we didn't provide guidance for the quarter during our last earnings call, we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

shared a belief that our Q2 sales would be pressured, and we would experience a decline in our operating
income rate.

Ultimately, as we continued to see increased demand for our products, our ability to open almost all of our
stores to customer traffic much sooner than we had expected resulted in the stronger-than-anticipated
results. And while we are pleased with the financial results and our team's ability to navigate the rapidly
changing environment, we also know that our goals reach beyond any 1 quarter's results, and we still face
an uncertain environment.

On enterprise revenue of $9.9 billion, we delivered non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.71 or an
increase of 58% versus last year. As a percentage of sales, our non-GAAP operating income of 5.9%
increased 190 basis points compared to the prior year. As Corie mentioned, the primary driver of the
operating income rate expansion was lower non-GAAP SG&A expense of $219 million, which was 290 basis
points favorable to last year as a percentage of sales. Gross profit as a percentage of sales declined 100
basis points compared to last year, which partially offset the SG&A favorability.

In relation to SG&A, we made several cost decisions in Q1 and as we entered Q2 to align with the lower
sales and channel trends we were seeing and expecting to continue at that point. These included keeping
store employees on furlough, suspending short-term incentives and lower advertising expense. As we
opened our stores, we saw significantly improved sales trends that outpaced our staffing levels for a
period of time. These sales on a temporarily lower cost base resulted in incremental leverage that drove a
more favorable operating income rate.

I would now like to provide some additional details on our Q2 results. In our Domestic segment, revenue
for the total quarter increased 3.5% to $9.1 billion. The increase was driven by a comparable sales growth
of 5%, which was partially offset by the loss of revenue from 25 stores that are permanently closed in
the past year as part of our normal course of business. As a reminder, our comparable sales calculation
includes revenue from all stores that were temporarily closed or operating in our curbside-only operating
model during the period as a result of COVID-19.

Domestic online revenue of almost $5 billion was 53% of Domestic revenue, which was up from 16%
last year and 42% in Q1 of this year. On a comparable basis, our online revenue increased 242% over
the second quarter of last year. Buy online and pick up in store, or curbside, was 41% of online sales. I
want to note that approximately $5 billion in revenue represents the most online revenue we have ever
generated in a single quarter in the company's history, surpassing our previous all-time high by almost
40%.

From a merchandising perspective, as Corie mentioned, the largest comparable growth categories were
computing, appliances and tablets. This growth was partially offset by declines in mobile phones and
digital imaging. Home theater comp sales were approximately flat to last year, a material improvement
from Q1's performance as trends continued to improve as we opened our stores to customer shopping.
Additionally, television specifically saw a year-over-year comp sales increase. Our gaming category
was also approximately flat to last year. While strong demand continued across the category, sales of
accessories like controllers and headsets was offset by constrained inventory availability of gaming
consoles.

Comparable sales in the services category declined approximately 9%. The decline in services was
primarily due to a higher mix of online sales, which has a lower attach rate than in-store. Within the
quarter, our sales growth continued to improve as our stores reopened.

In our International segment, revenue increased 9.4% to $782 million. The increase was driven by
comparable sales growth of 15.1%, which was partially offset by 490 basis points of negative foreign
currency impact. The growth was primarily driven by Canada, where we experienced similar trends at our
Domestic segment from a product category standpoint. And we were able to open almost all locations
without appointment approximately 2 weeks sooner than we did in the U.S.

Turning now to gross profit. Domestic gross profit rate declined 120 basis points to 22.8%. The decrease
was primarily driven by supply chain costs associated with the higher mix of online revenue. We also

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

saw lower profit sharing revenue from our private label and co-branded credit card arrangement, which
impacted our gross profit rate by approximately 20 basis points. Our gross profit rate as a percentage of
sales was higher than our expectations going into the quarter, driven by a more favorable promotional
environment and a higher mix of sales from the stores channel.

Moving to SG&A. Domestic non-GAAP SG&A decreased $195 million compared to last year and as a
percentage of revenue decreased approximately 280 basis points. The largest drivers of the expense
decline were: one, lower store payroll expense of approximately $100 million; two, lower advertising
expense of approximately $40 million; three, lower incentive compensation expense of approximately
$30 million related to both field and corporate employees; and four, lower medical claims expense of
approximately $25 million.

Let me share a little additional color on the lower store payroll expense. The lower store payroll expense
represents a number of components, but the primary driver was fewer labor hours for our associates. The
fewer labor hours were primarily due to stores being closed to non-appointment traffic for approximately
half of the quarter and our reduced store operating hours. This decline in labor hours was partially offset
by higher hourly wage rates, mainly incremental appreciation pay for those who were working in our
stores throughout the quarter.

Our International SG&A decreased $24 million compared to last year and as a percentage of revenue
decreased approximately 500 basis points, primarily due to lower store payroll expense in Canada and the
favorable impact of foreign exchange rates.

Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $5.3 billion in cash. During the quarter, we
repaid the full amount of our $1.25 billion credit facility that we had drawn in March. At the end of Q2, our
inventory balance was approximately 21% lower than last year's comparable period, whereas our accounts
payable balance increased 31%. The health of our inventory remains strong, and the lower inventory
position reflects the inventory challenges Corie referenced earlier. During the second quarter, we returned
$143 million to shareholders in the form of dividends. From a capital expenditure standpoint, we still
expect to spend in the range of $650 million to $750 million during fiscal '21.

Lastly, let me finish by sharing a few comments about the back half of the year. As a result of the ongoing
uncertainty, we are not providing financial guidance today. However, I would like to provide some insights
into how we are thinking about Q3 and the rest of the year.

Overall, as we plan for the back half of the year, we continue to weigh many factors, including a potential
future government stimulus actions, the current shift in personal consumption expenditures from areas
like travel and dining out, the possible depth and duration of a pandemic, the risk of continued higher
unemployment and the availability of inventory to match customer demand.

With that said, as we enter Q3, there continues to be a heightened demand for the products and services
we offer. It is difficult for us to know how sustainable these sales trends are considering the factors I just
noted. We are planning for Q3 sales to be higher compared to last year, but likely will not continue at the
current level of approximately 20%. We also have plans in place that will allow us to adapt quickly if we
needed through the remainder of the year.

We anticipate that our Q3 gross profit rate will continue to be pressured compared to last year, as we
expect online sales will continue to be a higher percentage of our overall sales mix compared to the prior
year. We also expect lower profit sharing revenue from our credit card arrangement.

As Corie mentioned, we expect our Q3 SG&A dollars to be very similar to last year's Q3. We expect the
combination of our pay evolution changes and the store labor hours we have planned for our current
operating model will actually result in slightly lower store payroll expense in Q3. We expect this will be
offset by higher advertising expense as we prepare for our earlier start to the holiday season as well
as increased variable costs from the anticipated revenue growth. On a sequential basis, we expect the
increase in SG&A dollars versus Q2 will primarily be driven by increased store labor hours, reinstatement
of short-term incentive plans and the increase in advertising expense.
I will now turn the call over to the operators for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will begin with Steve Forbes with Guggenheim Securities.

Steven Paul Forbes
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Maybe just to start with now what you finished there on expenses. As we think back to the Analyst Day
last year and the $1 billion cost reduction program, I think you spoke to in the fourth quarter $160 million
of savings against that plan in the back half of last year. Can you update us on where you guys are today?
Because the expectation for flat expenses in the third quarter seems to assume some reinvestment. And
understanding the variable cost pressure here, but the 2/3 of furloughed associates have returned. Just
trying to understand what's driving the lack of flow-through right on the achievement against those -- the
cost reduction program?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Yes, from a cost reduction standpoint, clearly, we've made a number of temporary actions and
decisions to navigate through Q1 and Q2. As it has been our brand for years, we will continue to look for
cost efficiencies to help improve our cost basis. We're in a very unique time frame right now to determine
exactly how much is structural or permanent reductions. And so we will update people as we go through
the remainder of the year and into next year. But we do see permanent savings as we move through this
time. It's really difficult to determine exactly how much.

I would say as you move from SG&A into Q3, the sequential change, as we talked about, was really
looking at increasing store labor hours with the assumption that stores will be open to customer traffic
for the whole quarter. And if you look at store labor hours in total, while we are increasing labor hours for
them being open and also we've also increased the hourly wage rate, so with those 2 included, we still
have store labor hours that are slightly lower than last year. So we do believe we're finding some leverage
as we move into Q3. We did say that Q3 sales are actually going to be higher in Q3. Exactly how much,
we don't know. But with a similar SG&A level in Q3, with higher sales, we would expect SG&A leverage to
continue in Q3. Exactly how much, we'll determine by how much sales we actually have and how much
gross profit rate pressure we'd be able to offset.

Steven Paul Forbes
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

And then a quick follow-up, maybe sticking with the margin, just on gross. You talked about 2 pressures,
right, in the third quarter, channel mix, right, and profit sharing, but you didn't mention promotions or
mix. As we think about entering the holiday selling season here, what is sort of the promotional calendar
looking like from your perspective today?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. To be clear, in Q2, the primary gross profit rate pressure we saw was coming from supply chain
in the form of higher parcel expense. As a reminder, we had 53% of our business done online versus
42% in Q1. So parcel expense was the biggest gross profit rate pressure. And then in addition to that,
we continued to see pressure from the lower profit sharing from the Citi relationship we have. Those are
expected to continue into Q3.

Promotionally, we actually expected it to be a little bit more promotional going into Q2. It was actually a
little less than we actually expected as we worked through the quarter. If you look at promotionality into
Q3, we would expect that promotionality to be sequentially up from Q1 and Q2, but still not a year-over-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

year pressure. There are a number of changes to the events and promotions in Q3 that we're obviously
working through, but we wouldn't expect it to be a year-over-year pressure at this point.

Operator

And now we'll move to our next caller. We will hear from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So I wanted to dig in on some of the category trends that you're seeing in August -- or July and August,
whatever you think is the better lens to look at it through. What are you seeing in sort of what I would
describe as sort of post back-to-school category? So are you seeing home theater and TV up? Are you
seeing wireless up? What about gaming in advance of the 2 new platforms? And is -- and to what degree
is this still all driven by or largely driven by back-to-school and work-from-home categories?

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

Chris, thanks for the question. We're seeing favorable trends across literally all of our categories right
now as we exit Q2 and start Q3 with the one exception that we noted around mobile phones. But we're
seeing trends that are applicable to every part of learning, working, entertaining and cooking from home.
And some of that, and to Corie and Matt's prepared remarks, are impacted by the fact we don't have as
much inventory as we would like to have right now. But the demand curves that we saw when we opened
our stores have continued as we've entered into August well beyond just the traditional back-to-school
categories. So I hope that gives you a little bit of color.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can you share with us perhaps like what you're seeing in home theater as an example on a quarter-to-
date basis?

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

I can't give you the details of quarter-to-date, but we did talk about the improvement in our television
performance. I think that's pretty reflective of the -- both the importance of the role we play in the TV
or the electronics industry and the importance our stores play because we switched from a negative
trajectory in Q1 to a positive trajectory. And our second quarter also includes lapping last year's Prime Day
business, where we do a lot of revenue with our own exclusive models with our Amazon Fire TV. So we
see the consumer demand is strong. We see the demand is strong for larger products and for things that
have additional features, higher resolution and clearly bigger screens as people are spending more time at
home.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Understood. And maybe can you talk about, as my follow-up question, the gross margin mix in the -- I
would have thought in the second quarter, you would have seen a pretty solid gross margin mix headwind.
Was that essentially fully offset by a lower promotional posture year-over-year? Or was the net of those 2
things actually positive?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. We're not going to give specifics. But largely, the product mix that we experienced in Q2 was
fundamentally offset by the promotional -- favorable promotional environment that we saw in Q2. And we
would expect the product mix to continue similarly in Q3, assuming computing continues to be a higher
mix of our business. And as we said, promotionality will likely be a little bit more in Q3. We'll see how it

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

ends up, but a little bit more than Q2. And to the extent how much it is favorable will determine how much
it offsets the mix impact.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] I'll now move to your next question, Peter Keith with Piper Sandler.

Peter Jacob Keith
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Nice execution here. I wanted to look at the margin differential between the retail stores and e-comm.
Historically, you've highlighted that e-comm has a lower contribution margin. But now just considering the
stronger digital sales going forward, are there efforts to maybe close the gap between those 2 margins
and perhaps bring them in line in future quarters?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. In the past, we've talked about the 2 channels. First, it's really hard to parse out exactly the 2
different P&Ls between online and store. Overall, on an annual basis, the EBIT levels of both of those
channels are actually pretty similar. Now each quarter can be a little bit different. The makeup is a little
different, too. Online has typically had a little less -- a little more -- a little lower gross profit rate but a
little bit more SG&A leverage. Stores, while it carries a little bit more gross profit rate, it carries a little bit
more SG&A burden. So they kind of offset each other, and so similar EBIT levels -- or they're pretty similar
EBIT level.

And when you go through what we saw in Q1, that dramatic change of online sales -- going to online
sales, you can't necessarily correct right away in those periods. So what we've done is made some prudent
and necessary steps to kind of look at our SG&A structure. And as we go forward, we'll obviously be
looking at how to improve the efficiency of whichever channel we have.

I'd say over the years in online, we've actually been improving our gross margin rates. And even over this
period of time, we've seen better attach rates during the times our store were closed in Q1 and Q2. So
we will continue to improve the customer experience to kind of improve the gross margin rates online and
continue to look at our cost structure overall for both channels.

Peter Jacob Keith
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. That sounds encouraging. And maybe on a more near-term question. With the commentary about
sales growth up 20% in Q3 and you would expect that to moderate, certainly, I think that's a good stance
to take. Although what I'm asking is, are there identifiable aspects of the sales growth today that you
think will go away, whether that's back-to-school or some other category that's abnormally strong right
now?

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Peter, I'm going to take that one. I think there are a few -- I would characterize them more as unknowns
as we look into the back half here. And I would cite things like where we are in the government aid
programs and whether or not there will be a new package going forward. Obviously, the stimulus, to
some extent, has helped certainly up to this point. And it's hard to say how long that kind of hangover
effect of that continues. I think there's questions around overall sustained unemployment levels and also
school opening and closing decisions and how long those stretch out in the period. And then, of course,
we've highlighted inventory availability. And while we feel strongly all of our vendor partners are doing
everything they can to catch back up, you're talking about holiday levels of manufacturing and fulfillments,
and that just is going to take a bit of time to catch trends this tight. And then finally, the actual duration
and depth of the virus and how that proceeds through the fall. And so I think it's less about distinctly
calling out categories, Peter, and a little bit more about just the environment that we find ourselves in.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Operator

And now we'll take a question from Michael Lasser with UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

You noted that your share has largely recovered. Why wouldn't you be gaining share, especially as your
stores are now open and you're growing sales 20% quarter-to-date?

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

So we believe we continue -- we said it in Q1, we lost some share and we saw that trend continuing and
because our stores were largely closed. And we also said we view that as very temporal in nature. And
you're right, we said in the script that we've seen the share recover. There are puts and takes week-to-
week, honestly, Michael. There are some where we actually believe we're gaining. There are others where
we think it's a little bit more moderate. Sometimes that can depend on the -- even inventory position at
the time. But overarchingly, we feel pretty strongly that we are in a good share position.

And I think our key is that we continue to remain incredibly focused on providing the experience that we
would expect seamlessly across the channels, still with an emphasis on safety. And we definitely see that
in our customer responses. They're very favorably responding to the environment that we're creating.
And so I think the team has done a very nice job across however the customer wants to shop, meeting
their needs. And I think we're very well positioned as we head into Q3 and into the back half from a share
perspective.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And Corie, my follow-up is you discussed that SG&A expenses will be similar to last year in the third
quarter. You just operated with a new model that showed you can perform pretty well without having to
incur as much of an operating expense burden as you had in the past. So what's prompting your view that
you need to go back to a full expense rate?

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Yes. I think -- one of the reasons we did the walk of our different models in the script was so everyone
understood that we operated the first 6 weeks on an appointment-only model. And obviously, we saw
demand for people wanting to come back into our stores. We opened and we said at that point we brought
back about half of our furloughed associates. Honestly, the demand was so high as we opened the stores
back up that we were not able to provide the level of service that we would have wanted. And you could
see it in things like attach rate of services in the store. You could see it in how heavy the business was at
our precincts and how many services people wanted to acquire. We literally didn't have enough people in
the stores and hours in the stores to be able to handle that kind of demand. Hence, the reason we said
that by the end of the quarter, we had 2/3 of our furloughed associates back and the hours associated
with that so we could meet some of that demand.

Now you're going to have a fully normalized quarter, where you're going to have both a new starting wage
of $15, but also what we think is the labor commensurate to meet the demand and provide the level of
service that will help highlight our ability to provide services or financial services or lease-to-own or many
of the other things that come with a full transaction for us.

Operator

We'll now take a question from Matt McClintock with Raymond James.

Matthew J. McClintock
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Congrats to the Best Buy team on good execution. I wanted -- 2 questions. The first one is just on supply
chain, many fulfillment hubs for the stores that you're shifting to, to this model. Can you talk a little bit
about your capacity to shift volume to that method? And then how do you think about the reduction in
freight cost and the benefit that you'll get as you make this transition? That will be my first question.

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

Matt, it's Mike. I'll start with the question. I think about it in 2 different ways. We were a pioneer in this
whole idea of buy online and pick up in store, which led us to be the first major retailer to figure out how
do we ship from store. And based on some of our store sizes, we have stores that have excess capacity. I
think you're aware of some of our [indiscernible].

And when we look at what we did for automation over the last 3 years and the things that we had to do,
it's very easy for us to receive products in our 7 RDCs and then put them on a normal truck, runs out to
the stores that we already do and if we need to run extra trucks out to these 250 locations, so we can
actually have rapid replenishment. And we've been able to use our analytics and algorithms to understand
where the density in -- with shipping volumes will come from. It's partially designed to lower expenses
because we can absolutely have more customers pick up in-store. That's what's happening with these
locations. But it's closer to our carrier delivery pads. It's also a place that we're launching our own same
delivery with our Best Buy team members, which is a lower cost than using a third-party service.

So there's a mix of all of those choices that will, over time, we believe, deliver a lower partial fulfillment
expense. But right now, our biggest priority is making sure when you're shopping on Best Buy's digital
sites, and we talked about doubling the amount of app downloads, we really want to make sure when
you're looking at the item you want, that to-get-it-by date is accurate and it's competitive, and we feel
very good about that. And that's the primary thing we're focused on for this holiday.

Matthew J. McClintock
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And then just my follow-up question is new leadership at Best Buy Health. Any strategic changes that
you're thinking about with that business? Or just any new different direction that you're going to go with,
given the various skills that she brings with her?

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

I mean our focus and confidence in the health business remains incredibly strong. And obviously, the
environment that we find ourselves in only reinforces that strategy. I think Deborah brings just exceptional
experience combining technology with health care, this idea of tech and touch that we've talked about
before, her life experiences in bringing those things together. So I think we found someone who has life
experience that very closely aligns with where we think the strategy needs to go. And I wouldn't see the
strategic point of view change very much. I just think that we have an ability to continue to accelerate our
strategy.

Operator

And Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital Markets will have the next question.

Anthony Chinonye Chukumba
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Congrats on another spectacular quarter. Also I wanted to commend you on all your -- everything you're
doing from a social justice perspective. So I have a quick question and then a follow-up. You talked a lot
about the shift to online and the different things you're doing in the store, and the 200 stores are going to
be hubs for the online -- for online deliveries. And I know it's early, but does that make you sort of rethink
-- how do you think about what's the right number of stores going forward if you think a lot of this online
shift is going to be permanent?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Thank you, Anthony, for the compliments. And let me start by saying one of the implications we laid
out in the script where we're talking is that customer shopping behavior has changed permanently. The
customer is in charge. So this isn't about being seamless across channels. It's about being seamless for
the customer. And even at our Investor Day last year, we were talking about how the customer behavior
was changing and accelerating, probably even moving faster than most retailers were.

And so we've been building with this as the assumption, honestly. We've been improving our digital
experiences. We've been building a phenomenal and flexible supply chain, and we have employees in
stores that are moving at speed with the customer. Most of the capabilities that we've used, you hit on
curbside but also in-store consultations, the cross-training in the stores, we do ship from all our stores,
not just the hubs. The hubs will be used to ship larger quantities. And 60% right now of what we're selling
is flowing through our stores in some way, either curbside or in-store pickup or ship from store. And so
this only underscores our belief that our stores are a unique and powerful asset for us.

And I think that what we will see is that the stores may be used differently. It's not about less stores, but
it might be about more points of presence and a different ability to meet the customer. But we do think
one of the unique assets that we have is our ability to move with speed and frankly put the customer in
control to experience us in whatever way they want.

Anthony Chinonye Chukumba
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then just for my follow-up. So you beat the consensus assessment by a country
mile again this quarter. You repaid your entire revolving credit facility. You're sitting on over $5 billion
worth of cash. At what point -- and I know there's a lot of uncertainty out there, I'm living it, we're living
it every day in this post-COVID dystopia as I do this call from my home office. At what point do you feel
like we're at -- we've kind of gotten to the other side, we can start to buy back stock again?

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question. We're evaluating when we may resume stock buybacks. Fundamentally, our
allocation strategy has not changed. We first -- we're always going to reinvest in our business to do what's
right for our customers in the long term. We still plan to be a premium dividend payer and at some point
return all the excess cash to shareholders.

I think, ultimately, you nailed it. This is a -- we're kind of in a very uncertain environment for many
reasons. Holidays likely will look different. And as -- like many companies, we're taking the time to really
evaluate when we might resume that. But right now, we like the position that we're in to be able to keep
flexibility through the remaining part of this year, but we will certainly readdress that at some point.

Operator

And next, we'll hear from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Very nice quarter. Congratulations.

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Thank you.

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Thank you.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So the first question I want to ask, I think, Corie, you discussed in your prepared comments just the
degree to which new customers come in to Best Buy. I think either stores or online is helping to drive the
sales recovery. Maybe discuss just a little bit further the makeup of these customers, where they may be
coming from, how different are they than the customers that Best Buy had catered to in the past. I mean
are we seeing now that the Best Buy brand is, through this crisis, actually reaching a new demographic?

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Yes. We're -- obviously, it's early, so we're still assessing exactly who all these customers are. I think
it's at least clear for us that they are customers for whom we may not have been in the consideration
set prior. And like we said in the prepared remarks, clearly, it's only been 5 months, but some of those
new customers we obtained in March have shown a much higher propensity to repeat sales than the new
customers we retained last year during the same period.

Nicely, we have also seen our engaged customers start to rebound as we've reopened stores. So it's
a little bit the best of both worlds, which is why we're so experientially focused on creating the right
environment, both safety and choice, that will make us appealing for all customers. So we'll continue to
peel apart who those customers are. But honestly, our bigger priority right now is not just who they are.
It's how do we reengage them, how do we continue to bring them into the Best Buy ecosystem and make
them a little bit stickier to the brand. Which is why we talk about things like brand love, we talk about
things like safety, because those become the measures by which the brand is valued over time.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. Then as my follow-up, just unrelated. You talked, obviously, broad-based sales,
right, in the quarter with the exception, as you called out, being the mobile category. So my question
there is, is that -- do you think the weakness in the mobile category is more of a function of maybe a lack
of product cycle or just the disruptions to the stores through most of the second quarter?

R. Michael Mohan
President & COO

Brian, on your follow-up question, yes, I think you've got actually both of the answers and a part of your
question. This is one category that is most dependent on our store traffic for the customer experience to
make sense. It's still complicated to do that process online. Even some of the carrier stores aren't even
open 7 days a week right now. So we're really focused on the customer experience in advance of new
handset launches this fall on 5G. We're still very excited about the category and the experience we create.
We did make some enhancements so you can trade in your old connected device portfolio online because
we're trying to be cognizant of what the customer is going to need. But it's one area where having our
stores closed for a big part of the quarter probably played the biggest impact on the performance we just
announced.

Operator

We'll hear from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs.

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I actually had just 2 quick follow-up questions to some that have already been asked. We wanted to ask
about the acceleration that you're seeing in sales in August. Just what do you think is driving that, given
the fact that the stimulus has faded here a little bit? And just wanted to follow up on the promotional

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

commentary, too, about why you don't necessarily see more pressure in Q3 year-over-year. Does it have
to do with still trying to control traffic into the store or the tighter inventory levels?

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

I'll start, Kate, and maybe Matt can follow with some of that promotional commentary. In terms of the
strength, and Mike had said it, we are really seeing broad-based strength. Now clearly, there is a work-
from-home, learn-from-home component to this. And especially heading into back-to-school, you've got
-- right now, our estimates are 2/3 of kids doing at-home learning. So that combination of learning at
home and a lot of parents working from home and can't share devices, have to be able to have your own
networks and own devices and own webcams and -- I mean, there's clearly a lot there. And that will be an
extended phenomenon as it's going to have kids going back and forth probably some school to work.

But we're also seeing people want to entertain. We talked a little bit about gaming and the demand there.
We thought that was a category that was going to be well down this year heading into new launches,
and it's been performing. And it's not just about gaming consoles. It's about the computing that's used
for gaming as well, which has been incredibly strong. Mike talked about televisions and entertainment
and this idea of back to sports and being able to start to at least watch sports again on devices. I mean
everything that people are doing right now is on the back of technology in their home, and it completely
underscores our purpose and our philosophy, and that is you actually right now are enriching your life
through technology. And we're seeing it across basically every aspect of what we're selling in our stores.

Matthew M. Bilunas
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. And Kate, to the promotional question, I think what I said earlier was, promotionally, we'll probably
be a little higher in Q3 than it was in Q2 and Q1, but fundamentally still not a pressure on a year-over-
year basis.

In terms of Q3, I would -- we would still expect to see a heightened customer demand and, just overall,
some level of inventory constraints as we work through the quarter. Clearly, as those change, it could
affect promotionality. But with those 2 factors involved, I think we still expect to see promotionality a little
-- not a pressure on a year-over-year basis.

Clearly, the promotional cadence and events could change in Q3, and we -- holiday is -- will probably start
earlier. But even with those, we believe that the demand for the products and services we sell and just
also the inventory availability will continue to lend itself to the less promotional environment.

Corie Sue Barry
CEO & Director

Thank you. And with that, I want to thank you all for taking the time to join us today, and we look forward
to chatting with you next quarter. Have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your
participation, and you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BEST BUY CO., INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

