Biogen Inc. NasdaqGS:BIIB
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 03, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

4.76

4.58

(3.78 %)

6.31

33.75

33.70

(0.15 %)

25.10

2797.27

2852.60

1.98

2747.82

13368.36

13444.60

0.57

11239.08

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-31-2021 11:47 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

7.69

8.00

8.05

4.76

9.14

10.26

8.84

4.58

18.86 %

28.25 %

9.81 %

(3.78 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research &
Development

Michael Henke

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Marc Harold Goodman
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Maxwell Nathan Skor
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Paul Andrew Matteis
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Salim Qader Syed
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by. Good morning. My name is Jake, and I will be your conference
operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Fourth quarter and Full Year
Earnings Call and Financial Update. [Operator Instructions]

Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Henke, Director, Investor Relations.
Mr. Henke, you may begin your conference.

Michael Henke

Thank you, Jake. Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Before we
begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and
related financial tables including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-
GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2,
and Table 4 includes the reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP
financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the
business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this
call.

I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our
current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our
actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings
for additional detail.

On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Al Sandrock, EVP,
Research and Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell.

I will now turn the call over to Michel.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I would like to start by thanking Joe Mara for his
excellent contribution to Biogen during the past 14 years and also congratulation for his well-deserved
promotion. At the same time, I am delighted to have Mike Henke stepping into the role.

As we have announced last week, the FDA has extended the review time line for aducanumab in the
U.S. to June 7. We are committed to working with the FDA as it completes its review of the aducanumab
publication, and we continue to stand behind our clinical data. We believe our results support approval.

Let me now review the year. 2020 was a year of uncertainties due to COVID-19 for both society at
large and also for our industry, and I am proud of what the Biogen team delivered. For the full year
2020, Biogen generated $13.4 billion in revenue, representing a 6% decrease year-over-year as we're
experiencing the erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. due to the impact of generic entry. Full year
2020 non-GAAP earnings were $33.70 a share, a slight increase versus full year 2019.

Now let me review our progress against our strategic priorities. First, full year MS revenues, including
OCREVUS royalties, were $8.7 billion, a decrease of 6% versus the prior year. Excluding TECFIDERA in
the U.S., our global MS revenue remained relatively stable for both Q4 and the full year versus 2019.
Despite the challenges of launching a new product during COVID-19, we were pleased to see strong
improvement in trends for VUMERITY, which has become the #2 MS product and the #1 oral in terms of
new prescriptions in the U.S. We believe these results demonstrate our ability to maintain leadership and
execute well despite increased competition, the erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. and COVID-19.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Second, SPINRAZA generated full year global revenues of $2.1 billion, a 2% decrease versus the prior
year. Q4 global revenues were stable versus Q3. While SPINRAZA is facing increased competition in the
U.S., which has been exacerbated by the impact of COVID-19, this was offset by continued growth outside
the U.S. We remain committed to further exploring the potential to enhance outcomes for patients with
SPINRAZA. This includes the DEVOTE study testing a higher dose as well as the recent initiation of the
RESPOND study, evaluating SPINRAZA in patients with a suboptimal clinical response to gene therapy.
There are important questions that remain unanswered on the other approved treatment options, and we
are committed to generating relevant data to further inform treatment choices. We believe that SPINRAZA
will remain a foundation of care in the treatment of SMA.

Third, biosimilars delivered solid performance despite continued COVID-19 impact with revenues of $796
million for 2020, which represents 8% growth year-over-year. We estimate that the use of our biosimilar
generated approximately EUR 2.4 billion of savings to the European healthcare systems in 2020, which
should help expand access and create headroom for new innovation. We also made important progress
towards potential geographic expansion and future growth for our biosimilars business with the filing
of SB11 referencing LUCENTIS in the U.S., where, over the next 5 years, biosimilars are expected to
generate over $100 billion in savings.

Fourth, 2020 was a very productive year for our R&D organization. Last year, we submitted regulatory
filing for aducanumab in the U.S., EU and Japan. We remain ready to launch aducanumab in the U.S.,
if and when it is approved. Our teams have evaluated the availability of specialists, infusion capacity,
the ability to confirm the pathology of amyloid beta, MRI capacity and formulary approval processes.
We believe there are several hundred sites in the U.S. that are ready to start treating patients should
aducanumab be approved.

Beyond aducanumab, we addressed or advanced 12 new clinical programs last year across MS, ALS,
Parkinson's disease depression and biosimilars, including 4 in Phase III. Importantly, we entered new
strategic collaboration with Sage and Denali, providing access to potential first-in-class therapies for
serious neurological disorders, such as depression and Parkinson's disease. Our collaboration with Sage
adds important late-stage diversification through Phase III programs in both major depressive disorders
and postpartum depression with critical readouts expected this year and asset in depression would offer
multiple synergies across Biogen's existing portfolio. Overall, in 2021, we expect 8 mid-to-late-stage data
readouts, including 4 programs in Phase III.

Fifth, our cash flow generation continues to provide us with significant flexibility to allocate capital. During
2020, we returned approximately $6.7 billion of capital to shareholders and allocated roughly $3 billion for
business development to enhance our pipeline.

In summary, 2020 was a very productive year for the company as we have executed on our strategy.
Despite the challenges from COVID-19 and TECFIDERA generics, we have maintained global leadership
across our core businesses in MS, SMA and biosimilars, and we have made significant progress towards
building a multi-franchise portfolio. As Mike will outline with our guidance, we believe 2021 will be a
reset year for the company financially on both the top and bottom lines, but we believe we can grow the
company over the long term. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing
returns for our shareholders as we aim to bring innovative therapies to patients.

I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development

Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by thanking my colleagues in R&D for
their dedication to discovering and developing innovative, potentially life-changing therapies for patients
in need. As a result of their hard work, 2020 was a year of milestones for Biogen. We made significant
progress toward building a multi-franchise portfolio with 10 programs now in either Phase III or filed
across a number of key therapeutic areas. We are proud that after more than a decade of work aimed at
introducing the first treatments that treat the underlying pathophysiology of Alzheimer's disease, we have
completed regulatory filings of aducanumab in multiple geographies. We hope that these filings will pave

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

the way to the introduction of the first therapy that may slow the inevitable clinical decline in patients
around the world suffering from Alzheimer's disease.

Moreover, our collaboration partners at Eisai initiated the AHEAD 3-45 trial designed to evaluate whether
BAN2401 may be of benefit and people with the early pathology of Alzheimer's disease even before they
are aware of cognitive impairment. Finally, we bolstered our early and late-stage pipeline through both
internal development and collaborations with leading neuroscience companies, including Denali, Sage and
Sangamo.

Let me now turn to the progress we made in the fourth quarter, starting with Alzheimer's disease and
dementia. The clinical trials of aducanumab were the first to show in randomized, double-blind, placebo-
controlled studies that an antibody that targets aggregated forms of amyloid results in the robust removal
of amyloid plaque and reduces clinical decline in Alzheimer's disease. Recently, Eli Lilly released results
from the Phase II trial of donanemab, another anti-amyloid antibody for Alzheimer's disease. These top
line results indicate that donanemab is now the third molecule after aducanumab and BAN2401 to show
that antibodies that target the amyloid plaque and produce a robust effect on amyloid plaque reduction
also produce a clinical benefit. These Phase II results seen with donanemab were comparable to what was
demonstrated by aducanumab in its Phase III trials in terms of amyloid plaque reduction as measured in
Centiloids as well as clinical effect as measured on a composite scale of ADAS COG and activities of daily
living. We plan to present further details on these data at the upcoming ADPD meeting in March.

These data continue to strengthen our belief than antibodies that target the forms of Abeta concentrated
in the amyloid plaque may produce therapeutic benefits, thus distinguishing these molecules from earlier
anti-amyloid antibodies. Thus, we are optimistic about the potential for BAN2401 that is currently being
evaluated in the CLARITY Phase III trial. The target enrollment for CLARITY has recently been increased
by approximately 200 patients to mitigate COVID-19-related dosing challenges in consultation with the
FDA. Nevertheless, the anticipated readout timing of Q3 2022 remains unchanged.

In addition to anti-amyloid therapies, we continue to pursue a number of approaches targeting tau, which,
when misfolded, is the principal constituent of neurofibrillary tangles, another hallmark of Alzheimer's
pathology. We expect data from the Phase II study of gosuranemab, our anti-tau antibody that aims to
prevent the spread of tau in the brain in the first half of this year. We also have BIIB080, a tau-targeted
antisense oligonucleotide that aims to reduce the production of all forms of tau. In collaboration with Ionis,
we recently learned that the Phase Ib multiple ascending dose study in mild Alzheimer's disease patients
in BIIB080 treatment was generally well tolerated and resulted in a dose and time-dependent reduction
from baseline in CSF total tau and phospho-tau with durability of effect. We plan to present additional
details at an upcoming scientific meeting. We are currently finalizing plans to advance BIIB080 into a
Phase II study in Alzheimer's disease.

In summary, across amyloid and tau as well as other targets in the preclinical stage, we are advancing an
industry-leading pipeline that seeks to alter the course of Alzheimer's disease.

Turning to MS. We have made significant progress in bolstering our existing MS franchise. This includes the
approval of intramuscular PLEGRIDY in the United States and the European Union, a positive CHMP opinion
for subcutaneous TYSABRI and the submission of a marketing authorization application for VUMERITY
in the EU. Additionally, we expect the readout for the NOVA study, evaluating the efficacy of extended
interval dosing of TYSABRI by midyear.

We recently added BIIB107, an antibody that targets alpha 4 integrin to our MS pipeline. The clinical utility
of targeting alpha 4 integrin has been proved with TYSABRI, a highly efficacious treatment for relapsing
MS. BIIB107 is a new molecular entity that has demonstrated higher binding affinity, reduced Fc effector
function and a predictable pharmacological effect in preclinical studies. Our intent is to integrate all of our
learnings from TYSABRI, including extended interval dosing, so as to optimize safety, the dosing regimen
and patient convenience while maintaining the high efficacy of TYSABRI.

In neuromuscular disorders, we aim to continue enhancing the therapeutic benefit of SPINRAZA and
recently announced that we dosed the first patient in the RESPOND study, which will evaluate the effect
of SPINRAZA in patients who have had a suboptimal clinical response to gene therapy. We also continue

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

to enroll patients in the DEVOTE study, which is evaluating whether the higher doses of SPINRAZA can
provide greater efficacy than the currently approved dose.

In ALS, we recently enrolled the last patient in the Phase III trial evaluating tofersen in SOD1 ALS, and we
look forward to the readout in the second half of this year.

In movement disorders, we were disappointed to learn that the Phase II study of BIIB54 in Parkinson's
disease did not meet the primary or secondary endpoints. Based on our Phase I data in CSF samples with
BIIB54, we believe we have tested doses in the Phase II trial that were sufficient to engage extracellular
alpha-synuclein in the central nervous system. As a result, we have decided to discontinue development
of BIIB54 and plan to present detailed studies at a future scientific -- study results at a future scientific
meeting. Nevertheless, we believe that the study provides a high-quality clinical dataset that can be used
to inform our future efforts in Parkinson's disease.

Denali recently announced completion of the Phase Ib study for BIIB122, otherwise known as DNL151, a
small molecule inhibitor of LRRK2, which met target and pathway engagement goals. We expect to initiate
late-stage clinical development in Parkinson's disease patients by the end of this year.

In stroke, TMS completed enrollment for the Phase II trial of TMS-007 in acute ischemic stroke in Q4 of
2020, and we are excited about the upcoming readout expected in the first half of this year. TMS-007
is a small molecule modulator of plasminogen and is hypothesized to facilitate thrombolysis selectively
at the site of the clot, while simultaneously exerting an anti-inflammatory effect to help reduce the risk
of additional tissue damage. We believe the targeted mechanism of action of TMS-007 may result in
significant advantages over recombinant tissue plasminogen activator, or TPA, which currently remains
a standard of care for ischemic stroke. This includes potentially extending the therapeutic window to 12
hours or beyond, up from the 3 or 4.5-hour window of TPA and reduce the risk of adverse bleeding events.
For these reasons, we believe TMS-007 represents a potential best-in-class thrombolytic agency.

We continue to enroll patients in the Phase III trial of BIIB93 for the treatment of cerebral edema caused
by large hematitic infarction despite the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Finally, we have had a very productive quarter on the business development front, executing a number of
collaborations that provide access to innovative potential first-in-class therapies. Significantly accelerating
our expansion into neuropsychiatry, we entered into a collaboration with Sage, a leader in psychiatry.
Major depressive disorder, or MDD, and postpartum depression, or PPD, are highly prevalent disorders,
and we believe that Sage's lead asset, zuranolone, has the potential to be a first-in-class oral therapy
for both. We look forward to multiple Phase III -- upcoming Phase III readouts for zuranolone this year,
which includes WATERFALL for the episodic treatment of MDD, CORAL for rapid response therapy when co-
initiated with standard antidepressive therapy in MDD and SKYLARK in PPD.

Beyond zuranolone, we will also collaborate on SAGE-324, currently in development for essential tremor
with a readout of the Phase II study expected in early 2021.

Furthering our commitment in ophthalmology, we entered into a collaboration with ViGeneron with the
goal of developing gene therapies to treat inherited retinal diseases. With this collaboration, we aim to
use ViGeneron's proprietary AAV capsids to sufficiently transduce retinal cells via intravitreal injections,
which could potentially be performed in the clinic and offer efficacy via significantly enhanced retinal area
coverage as compared to subretinal injection through surgery.

More recently, we entered into a collaboration with Atalanta Therapeutics based on technology that comes
from the RNA Therapeutics Institute at the University of Massachusetts, started by Nobel Laureate, Dr.
Craig Mello. As part of this collaboration, Atalanta will utilize its proprietary branch siRNA platform to
develop potential treatments for multiple CNS targets, including HTT for the treatment of Huntington's
disease. This collaboration with Atalanta, combined with our recent collaborations with Sangamo, Scribe,
ViGeneron and the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary as well as our long-term collaboration with Ionis
extend our ASO and RNAi capabilities and complement our ongoing efforts in gene therapy, including the
development of our gene therapy assets for inherited retinal disorders. Additionally, we created a gene

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

therapy accelerator unit to focus on solving the key technological challenges in the field with the goal of
bringing to market more gene therapies that may transform the lives of patients.

In 2020, Biogen R&D assembled and progressed a cutting-edge neuroscience pipeline, employing state-of-
the-art therapeutic modalities against genetically well-validated drug targets. As a result, we believe we
are well-positioned for growth in a transformative year with 8 clinical trial readouts anticipated, including 4
pivotal programs. We remain optimistic on the opportunities ahead of us, and we believe we are entering
a promising time for neurotherapeutics and their ability to meaningfully impact the lives of patients,
including potentially bringing the first therapy to change the course of Alzheimer's disease.

I will now pass the call over to Mike.

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Al, and good morning, everyone. Biogen had another solid quarter despite the challenges from
COVID-19 and TECFIDERA U.S. generics as we continue to execute well and maintain global leadership
across our core businesses. We remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial
capacity to continue to grow the business over the long term.

I will now review our financial performance for the quarter and also share with you our guidance for 2021.
Total revenue for the fourth quarter of $2.9 billion declined 22% versus the prior year in both actual and
constant currency. Total revenue for the full year of $13.4 billion declined 6% versus the prior year at both
actual and constant currency. This decline was mostly driven by TECFIDERA generic entry in the U.S.

Total MS Revenue for the fourth quarter, including OCREVUS royalties of $1.8 billion, decreased 24%
versus the prior year at both actual and constant currency. Total MS Revenue for the full year, including
OCREVUS royalties of $8.7 billion, decreased 6% versus the prior year at actual currency and 5% at
constant currency. This decline was also driven by the entrance of multiple generics of TECFIDERA in the
U.S. Excluding U.S. TECFIDERA, total MS revenue, including OCREVUS royalties, was relatively flat, both in
the fourth quarter and the full year versus the prior year, demonstrating the resilience of our MS business
in a competitive market.

Global TECFIDERA revenue for the fourth quarter of $608 million declined 48% versus the prior year and
revenue for the full year of $3.8 billion declined 13%. Outside of the U.S., fourth quarter TECFIDERA
revenue of $288 million increased 1% versus the prior year and full year revenue of $1.2 billion increased
3% with continued patient growth.

During the quarter, we saw continued improvement in VUMERITY trends. VUMERITY revenue was $39
million in the fourth quarter. TYSABRI fourth quarter global revenue of $475 million was relatively flat
versus the prior year and full year revenue of $1.9 billion grew 3% for the full year. We were pleased to
see continued global patient growth throughout the year, and believe TYSABRI is well-positioned to play an
increasingly important role in the treatment of MS as we progressed several important initiatives, including
subcutaneous administration and extended interval dosing.

Moving now to SMA. Global fourth quarter SPINRAZA revenue of $498 million decreased 8% versus the
prior year at actual currency and 10% at constant currency. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue decreased
by 34% versus the prior year as we see an impact from competition, which is exacerbated by COVID-19.
Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue grew 13% versus the prior year with strong growth in emerging
markets, partially offset by the maturation of larger European markets. For the full year, global SPINRAZA
revenue of $2.1 billion decreased 2% versus the prior year at actual currency and 1% at constant
currency. Full year U.S. SPINRAZA revenue decreased 16% and full year revenue outside the U.S. grew
9%. Although new competition in COVID-19 have had an impact on SPINRAZA, as you heard from Michel
and Al, we believe SPINRAZA has a very strong efficacy and safety profile and will continue to be a
foundation of care.

Moving to our biosimilars business. Fourth quarter revenue of $197 million was flat versus the prior year
at actual currency and declined 4% at constant currency. Full year revenue of $796 million grew 8%
versus the prior year at actual currency and grew 6% at constant currency. Our biosimilars business

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

continues to be negatively impacted by pricing pressure as well as a slowdown in new treatments and
reduced clinic capacity due to COVID-19. Despite the continued impact of COVID-19, we continue to
be the leading anti-TNF biosimilar provider in Europe and BENEPALI continues to be the #1 prescribed
etanercept product across Europe. We believe we have the opportunity to continue to grow in Europe
as well as within the U.S. and other geographies by commercializing new products developed by our
Samsung Bioepis JV and other biosimilar products.

Total anti-CD20 revenue in the fourth quarter of $419 million decreased 30% versus the prior year with
relatively flat OCREVUS royalties and a 45% decrease in revenue from RITUXAN. Total anti-CD20 revenue
for the full year of $2 billion decreased 14% versus the prior year with a 23% increase in OCREVUS
royalties and a 29% decrease in revenue from RITUXAN. The decrease in RITUXAN revenue is due to the
impact of COVID-19 and accelerating erosion from biosimilars.

Turning now to gross margin. Fourth quarter gross margin was 83% of revenue versus 88% in the fourth
quarter of 2019. The decrease was due to the declines in TECFIDERA and RITUXAN, both of which are
high-margin products, as well as higher costs related to our corporate partner revenue due to product mix.
Gross margin for the full year 2020 was 87% versus 86% in 2019.

Moving now to expenses. Q4 non-GAAP R&D expense was $642 million and includes $68 million related to
external collaboration agreements with Scribe, Atalanta and ViGeneron. Full year non-GAAP R&D expense
was $2.1 billion. Q4 non-GAAP SG&A was $793 million, including approximately $100 million related to
launch preparations for aducanumab. Full year non-GAAP SG&A was $2.5 billion, including approximately
$250 million related to aducanumab.

In Q4 of this year, our effective non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 16%, flat versus the fourth quarter
of 2019. Our full year effective non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 18% versus approximately 16% in
2019.

During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.6 million shares of the company's common stock for a total
value of $400 million. Throughout 2020, we repurchased 22.4 million shares for a total value of $6.7
billion. As of December 31, 2020, there was $4.6 billion remaining under the share repurchase program,
which was authorized in October of 2020. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately
154 million shares for the fourth quarter and 161 million shares for the full year.

Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter was $4.58. Full year non-GAAP diluted earnings
per share was $33.70, a $0.13 increase versus the prior year and above our most recent guidance range.

In 2020, we generated approximately $4.2 billion in net cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures
for the full year were $425 million and free cash flow was approximately $3.8 billion. We ended the year
with $3.4 billion in cash and marketable securities and $7.4 billion in debt, resulting in $4 billion in net
debt. Additionally, our $1 billion revolving credit facility was undrawn as of the end of the year.

Let me now turn to our full year guidance for 2021. We expect full year 2021 revenue to be between
$10.45 billion and $10.75 billion, non-GAAP diluted EPS to be between $17 and $18.50 per share and
capital expenditures to be between $375 million and $425 million. It is important to note that this
guidance is based on a number of critical assumptions which are currently uncertain. Changes in these
assumptions could materially impact our results.

Our guidance assumes aducanumab will be approved in the U.S. by June 7, although uncertainty remains
on the FDA's decision. If aducanumab is approved in the U.S., we would expect an immediate launch.
However, dose titration will result in less revenue per patient in the initial months of treatment. As
a result, we would expect only modest revenue for aducanumab in 2021, ramping thereafter. Post
commercialization, we would book 100% of net revenue in the U.S. and [ A ] size profit share of 45%
would be booked in a separate line item, which is not part of R&D or SG&A.

In addition, while the erosion of our U.S. TECFIDERA business to date has been slower than anticipated,
if we are unsuccessful in our legal appeals, we expect a sharp decline during the first half of 2021, and
this is our guidance assumption. We also expect significant erosion of RITUXAN in the U.S. Along with

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

TECFIDERA, we expect that the reduction in revenue from these high-margin products will put pressure on
our gross margin percentage.

Also, as a reminder, in Q2 of 2020, we recorded $330 million in revenues related to the onetime license
of certain manufacturing-related intellectual property, which was at 100% gross margin. We expect non-
GAAP R&D expenses will be between $2.35 billion and $2.45 billion. We remain committed to our long-
term growth through continued investment in our pipeline, which has now grown to a total of 33 programs
across 10 therapeutic areas, including 10 programs which are in Phase III or filed. Importantly, we expect
our pipeline to generate 8 important mid-to-late-stage readouts this year, including 4 in Phase III.

We expect non-GAAP SG&A expenses will be between $2.6 billion and $2.7 billion. This estimate
includes an approximate $600 million investment in support of the potential launch of aducanumab.
Of this amount, approximately $200 million would be reimbursable by Eisai and would be reflected as
collaboration profit sharing post commercialization and not part of SG&A. In addition, it is important to
note that we have allocated a significant portion of our manufacturing capacity to aducanumab, which
could impact 2021 results if aducanumab is not approved.

We expect our non-GAAP tax rate for 2021 to be between 16% and 17%, and we assume we will utilize
a portion of the remaining share repurchase authorization of $4.6 billion throughout the year, although
this will depend on a variety of factors, including our business development activity. Foreign exchange
rates as of December 31, 2020, are assumed to remain in effect for the year, net of hedging activities, and
we have not included any impact from potential tax or health care reform or any impact from potential
acquisitions or large business development transactions. Going forward, we plan to update our full year
financial guidance each quarter.

I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Thank you, Mike. Biogen demonstrated resilience and strong execution in 2020, positioning us well to
manage the impact of TECFIDERA generics and to make 2021 a transformative year for the company as
we continue executing on our strategy to build a multi-franchise portfolio.

We are advancing an industry-leading pipeline for Alzheimer's disease. We are waiting an important
decision on aducanumab in the U.S. now expected by early June. As Al described, our belief in the
therapeutic approach of targeting amyloid plaques has never been stronger. We believe that our data
supports the approval of aducanumab, and we are optimistic about BAN2401 in Phase III. We are also
pursuing complementary approaches targeting tau pathology with 3 clinical assets targeting either
extracellular tau with an antibody or intracellular tau with an ASO. We begin 2021 with an expanded and
diversified pipeline, and we anticipate 8 mid-to-late-stage readouts by the end of this year. These include
4 pivotal and 4 Phase II readouts across a number of therapeutic areas characterized by significant unmet
medical need, such as ALS, stroke and the new Phase III programs in MDD and PPD with Sage.

We also expect significant milestone across our core business this year. In MS, we are launching
intramuscular PLEGRIDY, and we are planning for the potential launch of subcutaneous TYSABRI as well as
important data on extended interval dosing in the middle of the year. As we build for the medium to long
term, we aim to scale our digital capabilities to further meet the need of patients. As part of our vision
to lead in Alzheimer's disease, we are excited to be collaborating with Apple to develop potential digital
biomarkers that may aid in diagnosing and monitoring disease progression at the earlier stage of cognitive
decline.

I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders and bringing innovative
therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently,
effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an
optimal capital structure as well as aiming for superior returns from the investment we make.

Lastly, I would like to reflect upon Biogen's long-standing commitment to corporate responsibility. Our
dedication to patients and the broader society is not only limited to developing novel therapeutics for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

patients suffering from serious diseases, but extends much further. At Biogen, we take a holistic view of
health and strive to improve the broader society we serve. Now more than ever, we continue to invest in
climate and health, access and equity as well as diversity and inclusion.

In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated their dedication
to making a positive impact on patients' life and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our
clinical development programs our past and future achievements could not be realized without their
passion and commitment.
We will now open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.

Maxwell Nathan Skor
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Max Skor on the line for Matthew Harrison. Can you elaborate on the design of the RESPOND
study? How do you define suboptimal response to gene therapy? And what are your expectations around
how long it will take to enroll the study?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Thank you for this question. Al Will answer. It demonstrates basically our commitment to best inform
clinical practice based on the new modalities that we have for the good and for the benefit of patients. It
shows also our mindset in terms of having SPINRAZA as a foundation of care in SMA treatment. Al?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. The RESPOND study will enroll about 60 patients. It's based on physician determination that the
response is suboptimal based, for example, on [indiscernible] PEN scores, and in the future, we may also
be advocating for other measurements of suboptimal response. But yes, it will be a 2-year study, and we'll
look to see whether motor milestones based on scale such as the Hammersmith score are improved by
adding SPINRAZA.

Operator

We'll now move to our next question. We'll hear from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I just had a 2-part one. I was just wondering if you can, Michel, maybe provide any perspective on the
decision here to include aducanumab approval in your guidance. And then anything you can share at this
point regarding your pricing strategy broadly. I know you're probably not going to give specifics, but can
you just talk high level? Do you see this more as a specialty priced drug versus a primary care biologic and
any early read from payers?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

While providing the guidance, it's basically the best reflection on how we see the business moving forward,
even if these are assumptions that we decide on that may not represent the modality moving forward,
which is basically the business in which we are, but this is the best belief that we have while we speak.
Concerning price, we are getting there. We had very large engagements with many stakeholders. And
basically, there are 2 main dimensions. The first one is the clinical meaningfulness and potentially in
terms of cognitive functions, but also functional aspects on activity of daily living. This is one side of the
equation. The second one is the cost of Alzheimer's to society, which is nowadays more than $550 billion
a year in the U.S. The cost for caring for patients, and if I'm not mistaken, it's more than $0.5 million. By
the age of 80, 75% of the patients are in nursing home and this costs more than $100,000 a year. And
these are the main elements that we consider in our wide engagement on the important topic of price. We
are getting there, as I said, but too early to give more specifics.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

We will now move to our next question. We will hear from Mark Goodman with SVB Leerink.

Marc Harold Goodman
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

On adu, I mean just -- we're all trying to understand, given your close working relationship with the
FDA and how long it's been going on and how much data they have already gotten, it's hard for us to
understand what else they could possibly need, what they don't know. So I was wondering if there was
any type of color you could just give us on that? Was there any data from the EMBARK study that they
were asking for? Just any more clarity around the situation would be helpful. And then just secondly, just
on the SG&A of $600 million that you're committed to, can you just talk about how the gating of spend
is going to be -- is that on launch, meaning it's all going to be in the second half of the year? Or is half of
that in the first half of the year? Just trying to understand if adu is not approved in the middle of the year,
how much of that spend is actually going to take place?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Thanks for the great question. I will take the first part -- sorry, the second part on the SG&A, and Al will
come back on the data aspect, the important data aspect. So concerning the SG&A, basically, we have
only one opportunity to potentially launch well such an important product. So we basically, we sought to
deliver a major launch for what could be the first product able to deliver meaningful clinical and functional
value to patients affected by the disease, and these are potentially 10 million patients in the U.S. It's a
multibillion opportunity for the company we resource to win.

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. We've been saying all along that we're under review. And as a normal course during the review
process, there are information requests from FDA. More recently, we had one that required the submission
of additional analyses and clinical data, and that led to a major amendment, which led to the PDUFA delay.
Beyond that, I don't want to provide too much more detail on to the specifics.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So Mike will provide a bit more color on the part of your second question on the sequence.

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Mark, I think it's -- a couple of points of note. Obviously, we'll gate the spend as best we can
in the event that we don't receive approval. You should not expect that we would be able to mitigate
100% of those costs, but we would be able to mitigate a meaningful portion. And obviously, we would
maximize the amount that we would mitigate. The other point that I would just remind on is that in the
U.S., substantially all of the costs that we incur for aducanumab are subject to our agreement with Eisai,
which in the U.S. is reimbursable at the rate of 45%. And so when you look at the guidance that we gave,
the $600 million that's in SG&A, there's about $200 million that would be reimbursable out of that, that
would come through on a different line in our P&L, on our collaboration sharing line. And the reason why
that ratio is a little bit different than you would expect is because the accounting is complex and it differs
a bit pre and post launch. Some of the Eisai reimbursements are actually netted in that $600 million
and the rest come through that collaboration line. But at the end of the day, economically, it is a 45%
reimbursement schedule that's important to remember.

Operator

We'll now move to our next caller in the queue. We'll hear from Umer Raffat with Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Al, I was just looking to understand how you're thinking through the emerging data from EMBARK re-
dosing study. And I guess what I'm wondering is, when you look at, for example, the first interim 24-week
efficacy results, do you overlay that with the last data point on a patient-by-patient basis coming off of
Phase III? Or are you comparing the curve in that first 24 weeks versus the curve in the first 24 weeks of
the EMERGE and ENGAGE Phase IIIs? I guess the challenge with that would be that the initial 2 Phase IIIs
were dose titrating in the first 24 weeks. I'm just curious how you're thinking about that.

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. Umer, thank you. Yes, well, we're still enrolling embark. We're part way through enrollment. You're
right that the first, as presented at the recent meeting, that the first analysis is at 6 months, roughly. But
-- and some of those issues that you just pointed out are good issues that will need to be addressed in the
analytical plan. But yes, we're still enrolling patients. It's an important study, and we should be hopefully
completing enrollment soon in the first half or so of this year.

Operator

We'll now move on to our next question. We'll hear from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I guess, Al, just to follow-up on the EMBARK question. Are you taking looks at this where if the FDA
needed or was requesting information, you'd be able to provide it to them? And then I just wanted to ask
if you can kind of frame this pending Phase II readout for your anti-tau antibody BIIB92 that's coming up
here in the first half? Kind of remind us of the trial design, what you're hoping to show here.

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. Thanks, Cory. Yes. So we will endeavor to provide FDA whatever they ask for in their information
request. And if that requires looks at trials that are still enrolling or are still ongoing, we will do so. In
terms of BIIB92, what we're looking for is an effect on Alzheimer's progression in this largely early-stage
patients. BIIB92 is -- has shown in Phase I trials to have a substantial decrease in extracellular tau. And
so -- and the hypothesis is that we're going to block the spread of tau from cell to cell. It's hypothesized
that there's a prime like spread of tau in Alzheimer's disease. So we're going to see over the course of
about one year whether or not we affect the progression of Alzheimer's disease using the typical clinical
outcome measures.

Operator

Now moving on to our next caller in the queue, Evan Seigerman, Credit Suisse.

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So I'm referencing a comment you made earlier, Al, talking about 2021 being a reset year. But taking
aducanumab out of the picture, how do revenue and earnings grow in 2022 and beyond? I'm really trying
to understand if your outlook and kind of your comments mainly predicated on aducanumab, there are
other significant drivers that we should be thinking about and referencing?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Mike?

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Yes, thanks very much for the question. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we do believe that we
have the ability to grow the company over the longer term. Obviously, aducanumab is a catalyst, but
we've also got a lot of other very interesting opportunities. We've got 33 programs, including 10 in Phase
III, as we talked about 8 readouts in 2021, including 4 in Phase III. I would point you to our existing
products, which are expanding in a lot of the international markets. Biosimilars, I would say the same. The
pipeline is very rich. I think Sage is a great addition, and we have others. So obviously, aducanumab is
the catalyst, but we do believe that we have the ability to grow the company for the longer term based on
what we have in the pipeline and the other pieces that I just mentioned.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So we expect many readouts this year. So that's why I qualified the year is being transformative. Even
if there is a financial reset, transformative in terms of data readout, which is somehow unprecedented
for the company with 4 Phase IIIs and 4 Phase IIs and in terms of the largest potential based on
epidemiology is certainly MDD and PPD. So we -- for which the late stage, they had positive results in
randomized studies in PPD and MDD, and we are hopeful. And beyond those, there is [indiscernible]
and ALS in Phase III. But beyond aducanumab, we have this pipeline progressing very well. And the
core business is solid, it's resilient, and we count on that. Financially, we are sitting on cash, and we can
continue to complement this pipeline. So there are plenty of reasons to believe.

Operator

We'll now move to our next caller, Michael Yee with Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to ask, Al, as a follow-up to his comments around Lilly, whether you believe that data is
growing in confidence for the scientific community and possibly the regulators. They had a very interesting
design, but they also used a different endpoint, and obviously, [indiscernible] people over to placebo. So
maybe you could just follow-on, Al, with some of those comments and how you're thinking about that as it
relates to even people in the Alzheimer's community who are pretty outspoken about Abeta.

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. I think it's helping to support the amyloid hypothesis and supports the concept of targeting amyloid
in Alzheimer's disease in the early stages. Lilly began working on this antibody, they started publishing on
this back in 2012. When they found that to remove pre-existing plaques, they had to go after -- they had
to use an antibody that would get into the -- that would get to the plaque. And they showed in animals
that the [indiscernible] specific antibody achieved that, and they now have confirmed that you get the
same thing in humans by amyloid PET imaging. And I think it's great to see that they also seem to show
an effect on clinical decline. They use a composite measure of ADAS COG and IADL, which is -- which I
think they did because it's a somewhat small study. I think it's like a couple of hundred patients, 200 or
300 patients, and so they had to use a more sensitive endpoint. But it is composed of endpoints that we
all recognize in the Alzheimer's field as being important endpoints for the measurement of the disease. So
I think it adds to the body of evidence that suggests that targeting amyloid with the right antibody, that
get to the plaque and removes plaque is the right approach.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Paul Matteis with Stifel.

Paul Andrew Matteis
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I was wondering if you could talk about where you are in refining some of the kind of key real-world
elements for the usability of aducanumab. Specifically, I think in studies, you had 6 MRIs in the first year.
Is that something you expect to be the case in the real world if this is approved? And if so, what can you

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

do on your end to actually make this more usable beyond just kind of a small number of core academic
centers that have these intrinsic capabilities?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. So MRI is useful for monitoring ARIA, and we do expect that there'll be MRI monitoring requirements
once aducanumab is approved, if it's approved. But the quantity and the timing will require further
discussions with regulators around the world.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Yes. Concerning the launch sequence, we are obviously starting with the most important high-volume
centers that are getting ready to treat, and as mentioned earlier, these are hundreds, and this is already
substantial. Keep in mind that there is an amyloid beta confirmation most probably that will have to be
done. And obviously, over time, we will expand down the pyramid to larger targets.

Operator

Our next question will come from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company.

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

One on financials. In SPINRAZA's U.S. trends, it looks like there was about a 34% decline in Q4 '20 versus
Q4 '19. You referenced COVID and then also competition in those trends. Curious if you could quantify the
impact of COVID. And so how much will rebound once the pandemic subsides versus competition in the
patients that might be lost more permanently?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Thank you for the question. And we are watching this trend very carefully, and I will start and then Mike
will add. First of all, we are pleased with the -- with $2.1 billion overall revenue for SPINRAZA in 2020
despite COVID. So in the U.S., the majority of the impact is COVID as per the input from the team.
Patients are scared to go to the centers, so they delay the dosing. Some sites are being closed or limited
capacity or staffing in order to dose the patients. And last but not least, COVID is accelerating some
switches to alternative treatment that exists. We've seen the peak of switch in September and then we've
seen a decline of those. And we've seen also, very encouragingly for us, some patients deciding to return
to SPINRAZA for reasons of efficacy, perceived efficacy or for reasons of side effects. And last but not
least, following the spike of launch, we've seen a rebound in demand for SPINRAZA in towards the end of
the year. Mike?

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Not a lot to add to that. I would say that we would describe it as in the U.S. competition, which is
exacerbated by COVID. We are still growing outside of the U.S. Obviously, in a pandemic that makes the
idea of an oral more attractive because you can avoid coming to a health care facility. So the idea that
somebody would switch from an injection to an oral becomes more prominent in our current environment.
And conversely, it's a little less likely that somebody would switch off of an oral to an injection in that
situation. So the impacts that you saw in the fourth quarter in the U.S., we would attribute it all to
competition exacerbated by COVID. How much of each is a little bit hard to parse out exactly, but it is
both. And I think at the end of the day, the important point is that we continue to really believe in the
efficacy of SPINRAZA and its safety profile, and we do believe it will continue to become a -- it will remain
a very important treatment option, particularly once we get through the pandemic.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

So we remain hopeful for SPINRAZA. Again, this is a very important asset. As we said many times, it's
an efficacy play. And hopefully, with the rates of vaccination, this will be better reflected into the drug
utilization rather than a perceived convenience. At the end of the day, the SUNFISH data remains. The
part 2 of SUNFISH remains, 1 out of 2 patients experiencing disease progression. And our product remains
extremely well-documented with the broadest label, and we continue to invest in innovative research.

Operator

We'll now move to Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

You spoke about the positive read across from Lilly's Phase II data for donanemab. Can you please remind
us how the binding profile, the specificity and PK profile for aducanumab compares to donanemab?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. This is Al. So aducanumab binds to aggregated forms of Abeta, both soluble oligomers as well
as insoluble fibrils. And as such, since both are concentrated in the plaque, aducanumab binds to the
plaque. It was actually initially discovered based on a plaque -- amyloid plaque immunoreactivity assay.
And by targeting the plaque, it removes amyloid quite efficiently in the brain. Donanemab binds to the
pyroglutamated form of Abeta, which is present early in the plaque. It's thought to kind of seed the
plaque, if you will, and it forms part of the dense core. So in that way, it targets plaque as well. So
different ways of targeting the plaque essentially. In terms of PK, I don't know too much about the PK
of donanemab, but I can -- I suspect since it's an antibody, it has roughly similar characteristics to other
monoclonal antibodies, roughly a half-life of 2 weeks, et cetera.

Operator

We'll now move to our next question. We will hear from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist.

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Another one for you, Al, on donanemab. So the CSO of Lilly had mentioned that given the unique clearing
mechanism that it could have the potential to provide high levels of plaque clearance after limited duration
dosing. And I was just curious, as you think about the competitive landscape, assuming aducanumab is
approved, how do you see intermittent dosing as being competitive to aducanumab? And how do you think
the competitive landscape could shape up with that profile?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development

Yes. Thanks, Robyn. It's going to be interesting. I think it's a large market, and I think it will accommodate
multiple therapeutic options, which hopefully will be available for patients. The concept of intermediate
dosing or down dosing perhaps after changing the dose after plaque removal is an interesting one. It's
something that can be tested and is being evaluated across multiple drugs, aducanumab, BAN2401 as
well as donanemab. I'd say that one thing is there's the effect on neurodegeneration with respect to
plaque removal, but there may also be other effects, more acute effects. When you listen to patients,
in particular, you may have heard at the FDA advisory committee that patients seem to have -- have
untoward effects after stopping aducanumab, and then they regain some of these benefits after restarting
in a relatively short period of time. And that's -- and something similar has been seen with other
antibodies, including BAN2401. That second piece maybe something more associated with synaptic
function, which may be more associated with the soluble oligomer side of things, and I think that will
remain to be learned about in the future study.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

It looks like we have time for one final question. We will now hear from Salim Syed with Mizuho.

Salim Qader Syed
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

I appreciate all the color on aducanumab as well specifically. Al, just one for me on donanemab as well.
So when I go back to the FDA Adcom docs, and this is a line in there in the quote, this anti-amyloid
beta antibodies cannot be considered as a single class. They are distinct at the molecular level and the
differences have an impact on their mechanism of action, including -- and then it lists, including binding
characteristics, et cetera. That was a pretty strong point that the FDA had made in the briefing docs, and
it seems like now you're saying that donanemab is helping the case. So I'm just curious how all this is
getting reconciled. Should people be looking at beta amyloid antibody as a single class or not?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development

No. That's a really good question, and I tried to sort of make that point in my prepared comments this
morning. But the first generation of antibodies did not really target the amyloid plaque. For example,
solanezumab, which was a Lilly antibody, bound to mono-soluble monomeric amyloid Abeta. And if you
read the 2012 paper on the plaque specific antibody, they were concerned that such an antibody will
not get to the plaque and remove plaque -- pre-existing plaque. So even while they had solanezumab
in development, Lilly began working on a plaque specific antibody. And so I think that's what those FDA
documents might have been pointing to that it's not just that you have an anti-amyloid antibodies. We
have to have those that will target the plaque and remove preexisting amyloid plaque in patients. I think
also bapineuzumab, bapineuzumab was nonselective. It bound to soluble monomeric as well as insoluble
aggregated forms of amyloid as well as soluble aggregated, and that led to issues with dosing. And so I
think that's what they've meant is perhaps solanezumab and bapineuzumab may not have shown clinical
efficacy for these kinds of reasons. But I think that we should not assume that this next generation of
antibodies that target the plaque better. Look, we all learned from the early studies, right? And so I
think donanemab is another example where those that target the plaque and remove amyloid robustly in
humans. And if you study early-stage patients selected for carefully, you will see efficacy.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Okay. So we believe 2021 will be a transformative year for Biogen. And I want to thank you all for your
attention to our call. Have a good day.

Operator
And with that, ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for
your participation, and you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

