Biogen Inc. NasdaqGS:BIIB
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 20, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.07

4.77

Revenue  (mm)

2664.31

2778.90

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-20-2021 12:57 PM GMT

17.20

4.30

3.34

18.86

20.20

2668.00

10824.60

11046.75

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

4.80

4.94

4.60

4.07

4.58

5.34

5.68

4.77

SURPRISE

(4.58 %)

8.10 %

23.48 %

17.20 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of
Research & Development

Alisha A. Alaimo
President of Biogen U.S.
Organization

Michael Hencke
Director of Investor Relations

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Salim Qader Syed
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Marc Harold Goodman
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would
like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Third Quarter Earnings Call and Financial Update. [Operator
Instructions] Thank you.

I would like to now turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Hencke, Investor Relations. Mr. Hencke, you may
begin.

Michael Hencke
Director of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.

Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings
release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the
GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in
Tables 1 and 2, and Table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe
non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we
manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions
related to this call.

I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our
current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our
actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings
for additional detail.

Today, we will be discussing ADUHELM. ADUHELM is indicated for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Treatment with ADUHELM should be initiated in patients with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia
stage of disease, the population in which treatment was initiated in clinical trials. There are no safety or
effectiveness data on initiating treatment at earlier or later stages of the disease than were studied. This
indication is approved under accelerated approval based on reduction in amyloid beta plaques observed in
patients treated with ADUHELM. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification
of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial or trials.

ADUHELM can cause serious side effects, including amyloid-related imaging abnormalities or ARIA. ARIA is
a common side effect that does not usually cause any symptoms, but can be serious. ADUHELM can cause
serious allergic reactions. The most common side effects include ARIA, headache and fall. Please see full
prescribing information and patient medication guide at aduhelm.com.

On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Al Sandrock, Head of
Research and Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of
our call by Alisha Alaimo, President of our U.S. Organization; and Toby Ferguson, Head of Neuromuscular
Development. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Michel.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We continued to view 2021 as a transformational
year for our company. We are satisfied with our 2021 pipeline accomplishments and the continued
operational performance of the company. However, we are obviously disappointed with the delayed uptake
of ADUHELM in the U.S.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

We had solid financial results for the third quarter with total revenue of $2.8 billion and non-GAAP EPS of
$4.77. Biogen has continued to execute well and demonstrate resilience across MS, SMA and biosimilars,
despite competition. Mike will provide more details on our financial results, and I will focus primarily on
ADUHELM.

We continue to believe in ADUHELM long-term potential. And this quarter, we continued to progress the
launch in the U.S. in anticipation of the reimbursement decision for Medicare patients. We are working
through the 3 near-term challenges we have previously described, with a core focus on enabling patients
access.

Importantly, we have made steady progress on key metrics, but the health care system remains a major
bottleneck. In particular, the lack of clarity on reimbursement has delayed patient access to the first
treatment to address an underlying pathology of Alzheimer's disease, which is reasonably likely to predict
clinical benefit.

We look forward to the upcoming Medicare national coverage determination expected by next April, which
would clarify Medicare reimbursement for the entire class of antibodies directed against amyloid. The
NCD is a rigorous process involving a number of consultation, and we understand this is required for this
new class of drugs for Alzheimer's. However, keep in mind this will delay access for many patients by
approximately 300 days from approval.

Biogen is acting with urgency across the 3 strategic priorities as we work to support access for patients.
First, we are working to improve the community's understanding of our clinical data. As a reminder, the
Phase III EMERGE study met its prespecified primary and secondary end points, showing a significant
reduction in clinical decline. Patients who received high-dose ADUHELM experienced significant benefits on
measure of cognition and function, including activities of daily living.

Although the other Phase III study, ENGAGE, did not meet its primary end point, analysis for both studies
demonstrated that higher exposure to ADUHELM were associated with greater reduction in clinical decline.
We have submitted these Phase III results to a top-tier journal, with a manuscript now under peer review
in addition to other publication on our data.

And we will continue to generate additional data. We launched ICARE AD, the first real-world observational
Phase IV study in Alzheimer's disease designed to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of ADUHELM in
clinical practice. We have submitted a draft protocol to the FDA for the required Phase IV confirmatory
study. We have fully resourced this study with the goal of completing it ahead of schedule.

In addition to presenting ADUHELM data at this year's AAIC meeting, the EMBARK baseline data have
been accepted for presentation at next month's CTAD meeting, which will provide important information
regarding the impact of a gap in treatment. Furthermore, we also plan to present important new plasma
phosphorylated tau data from EMERGE and ENGAGE that highlight the downstream effect of aducanumab
as soon as possible. Overall, the approval of ADUHELM was supported by a significant data set from 8
studies with more than 3,000 patients, and we look forward to continuing to generate additional data to
support the clinical profile of ADUHELM.

Our second priority is to appropriately support development of the necessary infrastructure. At launch, we
established a program with Labcorp and Mayo Clinic Laboratories for amyloid beta CSF testing. Throughout
the quarter, we saw a continuous increase in the number of patients utilizing this program. We also
continued to advocate for reimbursement of amyloid PET imaging. Furthermore, we are continuing to see
additional sites come online, with approximately 120 sites now treating patients with ADUHELM and many
more sites in progress.

And third, to clarify reimbursement as we wait the NCD decision for this class of antibodies, we have
obtained the permanent ADUHELM J-code, becoming active in January of next year, and hope this will
help simplify the coding process for health care providers. Looking forward, in addition to presenting
and publishing the data that I previously mentioned, the most significant near-term milestone will be
the outcome of the NCD for antibodies directed against amyloid. We expect a draft decision in January,
following by a final decision in April of 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

In Alzheimer's more broadly, our partner, Eisai, recently initiated the FDA rolling submission for lecanemab
BLA under the accelerated approval pathway following the receipt of Breakthrough Therapy Designation
in the U.S. Of the anti-amyloid antibodies that are either approved or in late-stage development, Biogen
and Eisai have the opportunity to provide patients with 2 out of the 4 potential options. With the first
FDA-approved therapy to address an underlying pathology of Alzheimer's disease, the potential to bring
lecanemab, promising tau pipeline programs such as BIIB080, and with the benefit of digital technologies,
we believe Biogen is well positioned to remain a long-term leader in Alzheimer's disease.

Moving beyond Alzheimer's disease, together with our partners at Sage, we continue to make progress
towards bringing potential novel therapeutic options to patients suffering from depression. We recently
obtained positive data from a Phase II study in Japan representing the third positive placebo-controlled
study for zuranolone in MDD. In addition, we announced our plans to initiate a filing in the U.S.

Lastly, we recently reported data from the VALOR Phase III study of tofersen in ALS. Although the VALOR
study did not meet the primary end point, signs of reduced disease progression across multiple end points
were observed. We are encouraged by the totality of the evidence and are engaged with the regulators on
next steps.

Following discussion with investigators, bioethicists and having listened to the voice of patient advocacy
groups, we intend to expand the early access program to the broader population of individuals living
with SOD1-ALS. We believe this recent developments represent a significant step forward in our goal
of transforming Biogen from what was once an MS company to one that is built upon a multi-franchise
portfolio across a broad spectrum of neuroscience therapeutic areas.

I would now like to turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our progress in R&D.

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. As always, I'd like to start by thanking the Biogen team
for their hard work as we continue to advance our R&D programs. In addition to key readouts in major
depressive disorder and ALS, we hosted an R&D Investor Day to tell you about our pipeline programs,
research capabilities and expertise. I encourage you to take a look at these presentations on our website.

Let me now start with Alzheimer's disease, beginning with aducanumab. At the R&D Day presentation
earlier this month, I underscored the importance of determining the relationship between drug to biology
as well as biology to disease during the drug development process. In late June, FDA made data from the
drug approval package of ADUHELM publicly available. The clinical pharmacology review included in the
approval package addresses some of these key relationships, as shown in the next 2 slides.

This first slide shows the relationship between the amyloid plaque burden, as measured by the observed
SUVR score, versus drug exposure, as measured by the predicted cumulative AUC, both at week 78,
taking into account all of the data from both Phase III trials of aducanumab. The relationship between
exposure to aducanumab and amyloid plaque reduction is consistent across the 2 studies and shows that
amyloid plaque burden decreases as the cumulative drug exposure increases.

The next slide shows another figure from the same document, which plots the relationship between the
reduction in amyloid plaque burden, as measured by SUVR, and the preservation of clinical function, as
measured by the CDR Sum of Boxes across multiple dose levels of several anti-Abeta antibodies. Studies
301 and 302 are referred to as Study 2 and Study 1, respectively, in the ADUHELM label.

When viewed together, these data from 6 different anti-amyloid antibodies show that there is an
association between amyloid plaque reduction and a reduction in clinical decline. And that greater degrees
of amyloid plaque reduction are needed for a reduction in clinical decline.

At the annual AAIC meeting in July, we presented additional data from the EMERGE, ENGAGE and
PRIME trials, which showed that aducanumab treatment led to a reduction in amyloid plaques as well as
downstream biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease pathophysiology, and that this also led to a slowing of
clinical decline. We are looking forward to presenting more data from our aducanumab trials, including the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

baseline data from the EMBARK study at the upcoming CTAD meeting next month in Boston. We're also
looking forward to presenting at the earliest possible opportunity at a scientific venue new data on plasma
P181 tau, reflecting the downstream biological and clinical effects of aducanumab, which I believe will be
of great interest to scientists and clinicians.

By a way of reminder, amyloid plaques containing Abeta protein and neurofibrillary tangles containing
phosphorylated tau are the defining pathophysiologic features of Alzheimer's disease. Finally, I'm happy to
say that we are on track to soon publish the Phase III aducanumab trial results in a major peer-reviewed
journal.

This quarter, we also submitted a draft protocol for the required Phase IV confirmatory trial of
aducanumab to the FDA. As I have said before, we have fully resourced the study and aim to complete it
ahead of schedule. A key goal of the confirmatory study is to ensure that we enroll appropriate numbers of
Alzheimer's disease patients from underrepresented populations. It is estimated that by 2030, nearly 40%
of all Americans living with Alzheimer's disease will be African American or Latinx and, therefore, having
sufficient participation of these communities is especially important to reflect the diversity of the disease in
the real world.

Through the Phase IV confirmatory study as well as ICARE AD, we aim to provide further evidence of the
clinical benefits and risks associated with aducanumab treatment. Outside of the United States, we are
under regulatory review in multiple geographies, including the EU, where we are actively preparing for a
scientific advisory group meeting as part of the CHMP review process.

Turning to lecanemab. We are looking forward to when we can potentially provide 2 anti-amyloid antibody
options for Alzheimer's disease patients. As previously announced, our collaboration partner, Eisai, recently
initiated a rolling submission of the lecanemab data to the FDA for potential accelerated approval. We
expect this submission to be complete sometime in 2022.

Moving to MS. We presented new data at the annual ECTRIMS meeting last week, including: primary
results from the NOVA Phase IIIb study evaluating the efficacy of TYSABRI extended interval dosing versus
the approved every 4-week dosing; a real-world, claims-based analysis of relapse and hospitalization
rates in MS patients treated with natalizumab versus ocrelizumab; a new analysis of the EVOLVE-MS-2
data focusing on the impact of dose titration on the GI tolerability of VUMERITY relative to TECFIDERA;
and data from the MS PATHS showing that 100% of people with MS treated with natalizumab, interferons
or fumarates achieved an antibody response following COVID-19 vaccination as compared to 40% of MS
patients treated with anti-CD20 or S1P therapies. With respect to the introduction of VUMERITY in the
EU, we were happy to learn of the approval in Switzerland as well as the positive CHMP opinion, and look
forward to the final EMA decision.

In neuropsychiatry, we were excited to see the results of the Phase II study of zuranolone in major
depressive disorder recently completed by Shionogi. The Phase II trial was similar in design to the other
studies evaluating zuranolone and MDD and compared 20 and 30 milligram doses of zuranolone to placebo
in Japanese patients with MDD. The results of this study further support the safety and efficacy profile of
zuranolone in that it demonstrated rapid onset and significant reductions in the HAM-D17 score at day 3,
day 8 and day 15. Additionally, while not statistically significant, we see separation from placebo for both
the 20 and 30 milligram zuranolone treatment arms out to day 57.

All adverse events in the study were mild to moderate and consistent with the known safety profile of
zuranolone. The Shionogi study is now the third double-blind placebo-controlled trial evaluating zuranolone
in MDD where the primary end point of the change in the HAM-D score at day 15 was met. These results
in MDD are in addition to the efficacy of zuranolone in PPD as observed in the ROBIN study.

Given the consistent results observed across the zuranolone trials, Biogen and Sage have announced plans
to submit an NDA to the FDA in the second half of 2022. The planned initial submission package will be
used to seek approval of zuranolone for the treatment of major depressive disorder, and an additional
filing for postpartum depression is anticipated in the first half of 2023. Additionally, the CORAL study,
designed to evaluate zuranolone as an acute rapid response therapy when co-initiated with standard
antidepressant therapy, is now fully enrolled with top line data expected in early 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Moving to neuromuscular disorders. Earlier this week, we announced results from the pivotal Phase III
study evaluating tofersen in people with SOD1-mediated ALS. The Phase III, or VALOR study, utilized a
study-enrichment approach to stratify participants into faster and slower progressing cohorts.

We were disappointed to learn that the study did not meet the primary end point of a statistically
significant change from baseline to week 28 in the ALS Functional Rating Scale in the faster-progressing
population. Nevertheless, we did observe encouraging trends favoring tofersen across multiple secondary
and exploratory measures of biological and clinical activity, including assessments of motor function,
respiratory function, muscle strength and quality of life. Moreover, a prespecified integration of data from
the Phase III study and its ongoing open-label extension study reinforced these findings and showed that
early tofersen initiation led to a slower decline across these measures.

Beyond the clinical measures, we observed reductions in CSF SOD1 as compared to placebo, suggesting
target engagement was achieved. Moreover, on the key secondary end point of a change in plasma
neurofilament light, a potential marker of neuronal degeneration, we observed reductions of 67% in the
faster-progressing patients and 40% -- 48% in the slower-progressing patients with tofersen treatment
relative to placebo. To our knowledge, this represents the greatest reductions in plasma neurofilament
levels ever observed in an ALS clinical trial.

Most adverse events in the Phase III study were mild to moderate in severity and many were consistent
with ALS disease progression or lumbar puncture-related events. Serious adverse events, including
transverse myelitis, were seen in some patients receiving tofersen.

Based on the results of the Phase III study, we are actively engaging regulators, the medical community,
patient advocacy groups and other key stakeholders around the world to determine next steps for
tofersen. Additionally, following discussions with key medical experts and ethicists, we plan to provide
early access of tofersen to all eligible SOD1-ALS patients through an expanded access program.

Given the possible importance of early treatment of SOD1-ALS, we continued to enroll patients in the
ATLAS study, a Phase III trial of tofersen initiated in clinically presymptomatic SOD1 mutation carriers. Our
hope is that treating patients earlier in the disease may provide the best opportunity to slow or even delay
the onset of this terrible disease.

Also, in neuromuscular disorders, this quarter, we announced our plans to initiate ASCEND, a Phase IIIb
study, which aims to evaluate whether treatment with an investigational higher dose of nusinersen has
the potential to improve clinical outcomes in patients previously treated with risdiplam. Our SPINRAZA
data indicate that exposure remains similar as patients age and grow. We're also advancing the ongoing
DEVOTE study, evaluating the safety and efficacy of higher exposures of SPINRAZA, as our preclinical
studies indicate that we ought to be able to safely increase its dose. With the DEVOTE and ASCEND
studies, we hope to be able to further inform SMA treatment and address the remaining unmet needs of
patients.

In summary, as I described during our recent R&D Investor Day, we believe the science is breaking and
that this is exactly the right time to be pioneers in neuroscience. By leveraging a deep understanding of
human genetics and disease biology, we are working to usher in the future of neurotherapeutics, where
we identify the right patients and treat early, perhaps even before the onset of symptoms, to meaningfully
delay or even prevent disease progression.

I will now turn the call over to Mike.

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Al. We are very pleased with our third quarter results as we continued to execute well. As
we move forward, we remain fully focused on our core business, including the launch of ADUHELM in the
United States.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Total revenue for the third quarter of $2.8 billion declined 18% versus the prior year at both actual and
constant currency and reflects the impact of TECFIDERA generics. Total MS revenue for the third quarter
was $1.8 billion, inclusive of OCREVUS royalties.

Looking at some of the individual products within MS. Global TECFIDERA revenue for the third quarter
was $499 million. In the U.S., third quarter revenue of $179 million was flat versus the prior quarter, with
lower volume offset by a decrease in discounts and allowances. We expect TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S.
to decline going forward. Outside of the U.S., third quarter TECFIDERA revenue of $319 million increased
by 13% versus the prior year, with 7% underlying patient growth.

We were pleased with the continued ramp in VUMERITY revenue from $91 million in the second quarter to
$121 million in the third quarter. We are also pleased that VUMERITY received a positive CHMP opinion in
the EU as well as full regulatory approval in Switzerland.

TYSABRI third quarter global revenue of $523 million increased 1% versus the prior year, notwithstanding
some negative channel dynamics in the United States. We were pleased to see 7% growth in global
TYSABRI patients. And we believe TYSABRI remains well positioned to play an increasingly important
role in the treatment of MS, with initiatives including subcutaneous administration and extended interval
dosing. We are also encouraged by the new data on COVID vaccinations that Al mentioned.

Moving to SMA. Global third quarter SPINRAZA revenue of $444 million decreased by 10% versus the prior
year. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue of $140 million decreased by 23% versus the prior year as we see
continued impact from competition. However, we were encouraged to see that discontinuations decreased
versus the second quarter of this year.

Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue decreased 2% versus the prior year due to competition and pricing
pressure in Europe, partially offset by growth in regions outside of Europe. As a reminder, Q1 and Q2
2021 SPINRAZA revenue outside the U.S. benefited from accelerated shipments. With overall market
growth, continued data generation, the efficacy and safety profile in all age groups and further geographic
expansion, we continue to believe that SPINRAZA can return to growth over the medium to long term.

Total ADUHELM revenue for the third quarter was $300,000 as we saw wholesalers gradually draw
down inventory purchased in Q2. For the 3 main reasons Michel discussed, uptake has been delayed. I
would refer you to this slide as well as slides in the appendix for details on the accounting with Eisai and
Neurimmune, which differs depending on geography.

Moving on to our biosimilars business. Third quarter revenue of $203 million decreased by 2% versus
the prior year as we continued to be negatively impacted by pricing pressure as well as the COVID-19
pandemic.

We are excited that BYOOVIZ was approved in the U.S., EU and U.K. and believe that we have the
opportunity to continue to grow our biosimilars business by commercializing new products and entering
new geographies such as the U.S.

Total anti-CD20 revenue in the third quarter of $415 million decreased 26% versus the prior year.
This decline was primarily driven by the decline in RITUXAN revenue as we see continued impact from
biosimilars, a trend that we expect going forward. Total other revenue in the third quarter of $158 million
increased 26% versus the prior year. Other revenue in the quarter benefited from the timing of shipments
related to contract manufacturing.

Third quarter gross margin was 82% of revenue, down slightly from 83% in the prior quarter and down
from 87% in Q3 of 2020. The reduction in gross margin versus the prior year was primarily due to the
declines in TECFIDERA and RITUXAN, both of which are high-margin products. We expect continued
downward pressure on gross margins going forward.

Moving now to expenses and the balance sheet. Third quarter non-GAAP R&D expense was $702 million,
which included a $125 million upfront payment related to our collaboration with InnoCare. Non-GAAP
SG&A was $651 million, including approximately $135 million related to ADUHELM. Note that beginning

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

in the second quarter, Eisai's reimbursement of U.S. SG&A costs is reflected in the collaboration profit
sharing line.

Third quarter collaboration profit sharing was a net expense of $21 million, which includes a
reimbursement of $51 million from Eisai related to the commercialization of ADUHELM in the U.S. Our
effective non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was approximately 14% versus approximately 19% in the third
quarter of last year.

Third quarter non-GAAP loss attributable to noncontrolling interest was $11 million. As a reminder,
ADUHELM royalties and commercial launch milestones paid to Neurimmune will be reflected in this line.
Eisai's reimbursement for these items will be reflected in collaboration profit sharing.

During the quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of the company's common stock for $750 million. As
of September 30, 2021, there was $2.8 billion remaining under the share repurchase program authorized
in October of 2020. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 149 million shares for
the quarter. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the third quarter was $4.77.

In the third quarter, we generated approximately $805 million in cash flow from operations. CapEx was
$42 million and free cash flow was approximately $763 million. We ended the quarter with $7.3 billion in
debt, $3.9 billion in cash and marketable securities and $3.3 billion in net debt. In addition, our $1 billion
revolving credit facility was undrawn as of the end of Q3. Overall, we remain in a very strong financial
position with significant cash and financial capacity to grow the business over the long term.

And let me now turn to our updated full year guidance for 2021. We are increasing our full year 2021
revenue guidance from our previous range of $10.65 billion to $10.85 billion to a new range of $10.8
billion to $10.9 billion, primarily as a result of stronger MS performance. We are increasing our non-GAAP
diluted EPS guidance from our previous range of $17.50 to $19 to a new range of $18.85 to $19.35,
primarily driven by the revenue upside I just mentioned.

We are lowering our capital expenditure guidance from a previous range of $375 million to $425 million
to a new range of $250 million to $300 million, primarily as a result of delayed spend on certain projects,
including some which have been impacted by COVID-19. Our guidance assumes minimal ADUHELM
revenue in 2021. We continue to expect revenue to start ramping in 2022 and beyond, particularly after
the NCD decision in April, assuming a positive outcome. We expect continued declines in both TECFIDERA
and RITUXAN in the U.S., and that the decreased revenue from these high-margin products will put
pressure on our gross margin percentage. Full year non-GAAP R&D expenses are expected to be between
$2.45 billion and $2.55 billion. This range is consistent with our previous guidance.

Full year non-GAAP SG&A expenses are expected to be between $2.6 billion and $2.7 billion. This range is
consistent with our previous guidance and includes an approximate $500 million ADUHELM investment. Of
this amount, approximately $150 million would be reimbursable by Eisai and is reflected as collaboration
profit sharing effective April 1 and not part of SG&A. These ADUHELM investments are slightly less than
our previous estimates, and of course, we will continue to actively manage the pace of this spend. This
annual SG&A range also assumes a seasonally higher spend in Q4, consistent with previous years. I would
refer you to our press release for other important guidance assumptions.

In closing, we are very pleased with our financial performance and are very focused on the ADUHELM
launch. We remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash, modest leverage and a business
that generates significant free cash flow. We believe these dynamics position us well to continue to grow
the business over the long term.

I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Thank you, Mike. Biogen continue to demonstrate resilience and strong execution in the third quarter
of the year, providing a solid foundation for the company as we make progress on the ADUHELM launch

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

ahead of the important data releases and publications, in addition to the NCD decision for the class of anti-
amyloid antibodies anticipated next April.

We believe ADUHELM presents a significant step in the fight against Alzheimer's disease as the first
FDA-approved treatment to address a defined pathology of the disease, which is reasonably likely to
predict clinical benefit. We know there are patients suffering right now from the disease. And it is those
patients we keep in mind as we work to support access. In fact, at the CTAD meeting next month, we'll
be presenting an analysis showing that without access, every day that passes, we estimate that over
1,000 Americans move from mild to moderate Alzheimer's dementia and, therefore, may no longer be
appropriate for initiation of treatment with ADUHELM. As many have observed our current system so far
falls short in diagnosing and intervening in the disease.

In addition, Alzheimer's disease is a particularly acute issue of inequality as African Americans are up to
3x more likely and Latinx individuals are 1.5x more likely to have Alzheimer's disease when compared to
others. We understand the seriousness of this issue. And that inclusion of underrepresented population in
drug development is often low, including in our Alzheimer's clinical trial. We also know that we have work
to do and a role to play in correcting this. For that reason, the design of ICARE AD, our real-world Phase
IV observational study of ADUHELM, aims to include at least 16% of the trial's expected enrollment from
Black, African-American and Latinx patients.

In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated their dedication
to making a positive impact on patients' life and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our
clinical development programs. Our ability to deliver medicines to patients could not be realized without
their passion and commitment.
We will now open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas.

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I think a lot of us have struggled with some of the headlines coming from doctors about how they do not
want to give the drug. And I understand that you're highlighting the NCD -- lack of an NCD decision as
the core crux for lack of reimbursement. But can you talk a little bit about, how are you going to convince
doctors, even if you have a positive NCD decision, to give the drug to patients? And is that something
that -- we're seeing it in the headlines. Is that something that you're dealing with? Is that a core block for
uptake of the drug?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Absolutely, it, Robyn, it -- actually the first priority that we have, is to basically educate the community
based on additional data, on the current data communicated and additional data that we're going to
communicate and publish in the near future. They also expect to see a full publication in a peer-reviewed
journal. And sometimes, this is brought forward, but also the worry is the financial risk in terms of lack of
coverage of NCD. So those issues are interrelated.

I will ask Alisha to say a bit more.

Alisha A. Alaimo
President of Biogen U.S. Organization

Yes. Thank you, Michel, and thank you, Robyn, for the question.

This is actually not an exact science. And what we believe and what we are hearing is that the majority of
prescribers actually fall into a combination of 2 categories. The first is going to be around the benefit/risk
profile, which, of course, you are reading about and the question refers to. And the second is also what we
refer to, which is the hesitancy due to the NCD analysis.

However, there are a meaningful portion of prescribers that are still undecided. So those are some in the
headlines. We do have a very large bucket that haven't made a decision one way or another. And this is
why we have multiple teams working every single day and working very hard to help educate sites and
HCPs in our clinical data and on the reimbursement pathways, which you know are very complex.

And Michel referenced this also in his opening statements, but we're working with urgency because
the cost of doing nothing is also well understood. And Michel mentioned that we estimate that 1,000
patients a day advance in their Alzheimer's journey from mild to moderate AD, and they may no longer
be appropriate for ADUHELM. So we are really committed to being a part of the solution, and that's what
motivates us each and every day. And as soon as we get more data, we will be sure to share it because we
understand where the question is coming from. So thank you.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

We believe, Robyn, that evidence, not only coming from adu, but also potentially from other anti-amyloid
products, will represent a significant body of evidence for those who are initiating and challenging the
amyloid hypothesis since years. And we are also very encouraged by the data on ADUHELM. We continue
to stand very strong behind our data. That's why it was really in the script 2 or 3 times. So more to come.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

We'll take our question from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Appreciating that you commented that the NCD, of course, is an important milestone, can you comment
around your view around what the scenarios would be? And what you believe a positive NCD outcome is?
And how important PET reimbursement would be as a part of that positive outcome?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Thank you, Mike, and -- Michael. And as you know, we are advocating for PET reimbursement since many
months. And Alisha will provide more color on the different options. Alisha, in terms of NCD?

Alisha A. Alaimo
President of Biogen U.S. Organization

Yes. Thank you, Michel, and thank you, Michael, for your question.

So it's important to remember, as we've stated, that NCD is not only for ADUHELM, right? It's going to be
for the entire class of monoclonal antibodies that target amyloid for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Now we can't actually speculate on the outcome of the NCD analysis. But as you know, we do believe it
will be a major milestone, and this will alleviate a lot of the confusion that we're seeing with physicians.

However, there are 5 potential outcomes. And I think the 3 that people mostly talk about or most
interested in are, one, being a no-coverage decision. The second is going to be coverage with evidence,
which we call CED. And the other will be coverage with restrictions. And if you look at history and you look
in the past over the last past 20 years, there's only been 12 that have gone through this process. One
was a noncoverage. One was an off-label for a CED, and the other 10 were basically covered indication.
So even though we can't really comment on it, we are in this rigorous process. We are replying to them
anytime that they need additional data, but just remember that all manufacturers are in this process
together.

Operator

We'll take our next question from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So I get that we're all waiting for the NCD. But at this stage of the launch, is there any consideration at all
being given to changing the gross price of ADUHELM, given how difficult initial traction has been? Or do
you think that's not a key impediment in all of this?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

I think that NCD is critical. Data dissemination is even more, and one is interrelated to the other. And
when we look at the metrics, strategic metrics, market research, price doesn't come up as the first worry.
We have strong rationale. We clearly disagree with the underlying assumption of ICER's assessment in
appropriate pooling of data, pessimistic assumptions and long-term efficacy and many more. And I don't
think we are the only one in the industry, okay? So obviously, we have always the opportunity to fine-tune
our pricing, and we keep that as an option. But first is data, and data is interrelated, obviously, with the
decision for NCD. And infrastructure is also in the meantime progressing.

Alisha, do you want to say a feedback on the issue of price?

Alisha A. Alaimo
President of Biogen U.S. Organization

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Yes. Thank you, Michel, and thank you, Cory, for the question.

And Michel's absolutely right. While price is always an important factor for sites and for patients, what I
can share with you is that we have not heard that price is the primary driver for any decision not to treat
patients. In fact, the headwinds that we're facing are the ones Michel has mentioned and that you clearly
also read in the press every day, and you probably see when you are reporting with your analyst reports.

But as with other therapies, if patients think they might face difficulty affording ADUHELM, we do have
financial assistance programs that are available that can help these patients. So if reimbursement or
affordability are potential concerns, we hope that our programs can provide really a potential pathway for
them. Because we do believe that a lack of financial means should not be a barrier for patients to access
ADUHELM.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

And importantly, Cory, you'll remember that at launch, day 1, we did give the hand to decision makers
for innovative contract, for price volume, but not limited to, on a voluntary basis in order to secure
sustainability. And remember, it's not 6 million patients, even not 1 million to 2 million. It's a portion of
those that will be gradually treated. So we did offer that, and decision makers and CMS are aware. But
now it's the NCD process, so we step back and we respect this process. But the offer is out there.

Operator

We'll take our next question from the line of Marc Goodman with SVB Leerink.

Marc Harold Goodman
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

My question is on zuranolone. Moving forward with this product as a 2-week treatment course implies a
pretty significant kind of cost per pill. And basically, it would be really an all-in strategy and a paradigm
shift in depression treatment, which is -- seems a little bit risky. I'm just curious about the market
research that you've done and the conversations you've had with psychiatrists to know that they have a
buy-in and that this is a good strategy, and this is going to really be successful. Obviously, the product
works pretty quickly, which is a -- in and of itself important, but the 2-week treatment course would be
very, very different.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So what is important is that, eventually, we'll be in a position to transform the management of major
depressive disorders and postpartum depression. And for the time being, we are driven by science
readouts and the additional data we get. I must admit that we didn't have yet a discussion on price. Well,
I know that the team starts to build data and market research evidence in order for us to be ready should
the data confirm, but we are pleased with the 3 placebo-controlled results going into the same direction.
Al?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Yes. Thanks, Marc. It is a paradigm shift and a different way of thinking for psychiatrists. So there will be a
lot of education necessary, assuming we do get approval.

The -- I think that the current standard of care is to use SSRIs or SNRIs. It takes weeks if not more than
a month for them to work. And then patients stay on them chronically, often with side effects. And that's
not a great situation. And the reason why people stay on them chronically is because they're slow onset of
action.

So having a 2-week treatment course, where you can then take the drug as needed, is a very different
way of thinking, and I think would be attractive to many treating physicians. And the fact that it's rapid

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

onset allows people to give the 2-week treatment and wait for the next as-needed treatment. Because
they know, they can be reassured that within 3 days of starting, they see efficacy -- they will see efficacy
in their patients. So it is a different way of thinking, but I think it's very, very exciting.

Operator

We'll take our next question from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Al, I was wondering if you could comment and just remind us around the differences in the BAN2401
Phase III study versus the ADUHELM studies. And the context here is, how important do you think a
successful Phase III study is for BAN2401 next year, especially in terms of changing physician perception
around ADUHELM and anti-amyloid drugs?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Yes. I think it's very important, Matthew, because, as has already been stated, doctors are uncertain about
the benefit/risk. And as Michel said, the data that comes not only from aducanumab, but from all of these
anti-Abeta antibodies that share the characteristic of being able to greatly reduce amyloid burden, that will
be very important.

The difference? There are more similarities than differences between aducanumab and lecanemab. Both
bind to aggregated forms of Abeta. Both reduce amyloid plaque burden quite substantially. The differences
are that there's no titration needed for lecanumab, and the rates of ARIA at the present time do seem
to be low. We'll find out in the Phase III study, but they seem to be lower than the rates of ARIA with
aducanumab. And it's given every 2 weeks. So -- and look, the design of the Phase III trial, to your
question, is very similar to the design of the aducanumab Phase III trials. For example, the primary end
point is CDR-Sum of Boxes, which is the established clinical efficacy measure for this disease.

Operator

We'll take our next question from the line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

It's Geoff. Just had another one on ADUHELM. Prior to approval, you guys had talked about expansion of
manufacturing capacity and investing pretty heavily in the commercial aspects of the launch. I guess the
question is, has the strategy changed just given the pace of the rollout? I'm just trying to get a sense for
whether it's more of a holding pattern before the April NCD or are you guys going to remain aggressive on
the investments that you're making in the ADUHELM launch.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Thanks for the great question. We stay the course as a company, clearly, because it's -- as if we were in a
delayed prelaunch, in an extended prelaunch period before the launch. And we stay the course. Obviously,
we are staging the spend very closely. Mike and I and the team are scrutinizing the investment requests
coming from all around the world. So we want to be extremely vigilant, and we are. But we stay the
course because we do believe in our data. We do believe in additional data coming up, and we do believe
that the system will adjust. And it's a matter of a little bit of time. You saw on the slide presented that
there is a clear process. We are not far from being there. So we stay the course. Mike?

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Geoff, it's a great question. And I would describe it as a gating process. We continue to believe in the
long-term potential of ADUHELM. And at the same time, because of the delays, we're going to gate the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

spend. So we are still making a meaningful investment to the tune of -- an estimate of $500 million of
SG&A, call it $350 million net of reimbursement in 2021. The CapEx, some of that does tie to facilities to
support ADUHELM, and we are gating that. Most of the reduction in our CapEx guidance ties to timing, and
we're also managing a challenged global supply chain right now a little bit. So we're going to be prudent,
and we're going to gate. But we are going to continue to be ready at the moment in time and invest
aggressively, but at the same time being prudent and gating as we go.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

And it's a prelaunch somehow, extended prelaunch, but we're encouraged by the progress. 120 centers
that reference in their formulary ADUHELM, and this is more than double than a month ago, Alisha. So
there is a lot of progress. And if there are some large institutions that denied, they want more data, and
we'll be there in a few weeks. So it's a process that is unfortunately taking longer than we expected, but
we have to be resilient. And the signal we want to send is that we believe because we know the data and
we see the progress. It's a matter of a bit of time.

Operator

We'll take our next question from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I have 2 parts, if I may. So first, Mike and Michel, very helpful commentary on helping us model out
ADUHELM for the balance of 2021. But Street is still carrying $1 billion in U.S. ADUHELM for 2022, which
basically implies north of 75,000 new starts on ADUHELM next year in U.S. Most would argue, 75,000 new
starts for next year is probably too high. But I guess since we're trying to level set today, is 25,000 new
starts for next year too high an expectation?

And then also, Michel, I feel like, as we're heading into the BAN2401 PDUFA, it feels like there wasn't
enough Street discourse between Biogen management and The Street ahead of ADUHELM pricing. And
I wonder, is it reasonable for Street to expect a BAN2401 price point which is more consistent with prior
Alzheimer's meds?

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

So I'll take the first part of the question, Umer. We're not guiding today for 2022, but I would say a couple
of things. We did say that we expect minimal revenue throughout the rest of 2021. We are expecting still a
revenue ramp in 2022 post NCD, assuming it's successful, and that would be in April. So that should give
you some sense for the first quarter. We're in a bit of a delay until that happens.

We don't have great visibility to patient counts, which is why we don't comment on them publicly, but we
did give you -- we can say that the sites are continuing to progress. We're at approximately 120 sites now
that have infused at least one patient, which is more than double what it was about 6 weeks ago. And
we're going to continue to monitor those metrics, and we'll ramp it as quickly as we can. But because of
all the pieces, that does cause a bit of a delay.

And then the other important thing to remember is titration. So to the extent that we get through a
successful NCD, there is still patient titration and dosing levels that need to ramp up. And so the revenue
ramp is going to be gradual. But the important takeaway is that over the long term, we continue to believe
that it's a very meaningful multibillion dollar opportunity.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So we do believe that the uptake will certainly accelerate once the system has indication of a potential
coverage in January, and then the final decision in April. But I don't expect that this uptake to be
explosive. At the same time, I don't expect this to be linear. We believe there will be an acceleration,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

nonlinear, of the uptake because the patient journey is still long. And while we make tremendous progress,
and beyond the 120 centers, hundreds are progressing towards listing the product. It's really a gradual
process. But we won't say more at this stage about the number of patients, but we'll have the opportunity
to come back.

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And then on the BAN pricing, that's something, obviously, we'll determine at the appropriate time and
something that we'll be thoughtful about. I'm not sure there's a whole lot more we can say about it at this
state. But we continue to progress the process there, and we're pleased with the initiation of the rolling
submission there.

Operator

We'll take our next question from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein.

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

A question about the ADUHELM versus lecanemab dynamics. If you're going to look at Slide 10 in your
presentation, it does look like lecanemab has at least the same benefit as ADUHELM does. And given
this drug will have a full pivotal positive -- that are presumably positive in the third quarter of next year,
it's a safer product, and it is indeed the product you're taking into presymptomatic Alzheimer's. I kind
of wonder when you talk about ADUHELM being your growth driver longer term, are we really saying it's
either ADUHELM or BAN2401? Can you talk a little bit about the comparative dynamics of the 2 products?
And could BAN2401 end up being the major Alzheimer's product that Biogen markets in the future years?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So we are delighted to see lecanemab coming along strong with a rich database after ADUHELM, more
than 600 patients. But it's only a Phase II, so we need to see the Phase III. But certainly, very positive
and reinforcing underlying mode of action and signals. We'll have the opportunity and the luxury to have 2
assets.

Importantly, I want to reiterate that we stand by the data for ADUHELM because we know the data, we
see the data, we see the new data. And we are very confident in the profile and the benefits/risk of these
products for the long run. Now with leca, it's even a stronger position, but we need to wait for additional
data. Al?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Yes, I agree. In my experience, things look really, really good after Phase II sometimes. But then Phase
III, it's a larger study, more sites, more countries. And so I think time will tell. And then, of course, we'll
get the label. So I agree with Michel.

Operator

We'll take our next question from the line of Salim Syed with Mizuho.

Salim Qader Syed
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Great. I had one on ADUHELM. So when we look at peak sales for ADUHELM, The Street seems, at least
the sell side, seems to be carrying around $9 billion in peak sales for this drug fill. And when I run the
math here, it seems like that's more based on a chronic sort of administration and usage of the product.
But when we consider things like coverage with evidence and that this product may not be -- I think you
guys have mentioned it as well, in moderate patients, it's no longer appropriate to use the product and
that this is a significant portion or could be a significant portion of the Medicare Part B wallet. Should

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

people be really looking at this more, you think, as an incidence-based model in the duration of coverage
cap coming out of the NCD potentially?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

I'm not sure people will look solely at the incidence as if we're doing that for SMA or for HIV. I think Al
will comment on that. We continue to stand behind the data. And we believe the long-term prospects are
significant in terms of value creation. We believe the competition will enlarge the market and epidemiology
being so large that there is room for 4 actors, and out of the 4, we have 2. And it's a global play also. And
we are not panicking because -- it's not because there is a delay in the U.S., because there is a process.
The system is not ready evidently. We can see that, but it's a long way to go. Al?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Yes. I think underlying your question is the possibility, I think, that you proposed, that you could stop
treatment after a certain period of time. And I refer you to the beautiful data generated by my colleagues
at Eisai shown at the AAIC, where they took their Phase II trial patients and there was a treatment gap,
and they looked at them in their -- in the follow-on study. And during that treatment gap, even though the
amyloid plaque burden remained low in those in which amyloid plaque had been removed by lecanumab,
that during that treatment gap, Abeta 42 to 40 ratio changed slowly over that period, suggesting that
there are changes going on biologically related to the amyloid pathway during that gap period. So I think
the jury is still out on whether or not chronic treatment is needed. And I think that remains to be studied,
and we look forward to providing more data on that.

Operator

We'll take our last question from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company.

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

A question on the sites that are activated. You mentioned that 120 sites are currently activated. We're
curious to know how many you think you could have activated by the NCD decision in April. And also,
could you talk a little bit more about the challenges in opening those sites? Are the challenges the exact
same as you see with the physicians? Or are there additional issues like the logistics around monitoring for
ARIA or giving the infusions?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Alisha?

Alisha A. Alaimo
President of Biogen U.S. Organization

Yes. So thank you for the question, Phil. And I think when you take a step back and you look at the
activated sites, which you know were right around 120 or more, and we do have several hundred that are
in queue on this journey, right? So we're giving you a number that talks about the activated site, which
means one patient has been infused. But it doesn't capture all the sites that are going through these
multiple steps.

The operational challenges are still the same. And when you really look at this, I mean being first and
being a pioneer in this space has been overwhelming for the system and for these sites. They've never
had a drug like this ever for their patients. And writing their protocols, having to go through all the steps
of finding where will they do an MRI, where -- how will they do the lumbar puncture and where they do
their infusions has been taking them some time. I was talking to a couple of sites just last week, and
they've been trying to do this since June. So it's been taking them several months to get up and running.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

But when you think about our original strategy, which was focusing on the sites where the majority of our
patient population have already been diagnosed, you do remember that over 900 sites were ready. So we
believe that once we, of course, get our additional data out, we share our data and the NCD outcome is
finalized, those are going to be the majority of the sites that we will continue to focus on to get them up
and running and get patients through the system.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So thank you so much for attending the call today. Biogen delivered a very strong quarter again. The base
business is solid. We are making some progress for aducanumab, for ADUHELM despite the short-term
challenges we face. So what is key is the outlook and the mid to longer term. We have a path forward for
zuranolone. And we are getting prepared to launch the biosimiars of LUCENTIS in the U.S. in a few months
from now.

Thank you very much for attending the call. Exciting time at Biogen.

Operator
This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BIOGEN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

