Biogen Inc. NasdaqGS:BIIB
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 22, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.96

5.34

Revenue  (mm)

2653.87

2694.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-22-2021 12:41 PM GMT

7.66

1.51

4.55

17.95

19.76

2618.00

10537.59

10584.77

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

CONSENSUS

8.00

8.05

4.80

4.96

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

10.26

8.84

4.58

5.34

SURPRISE

28.25 %

9.81 %

(4.58 %)

7.66 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of
Research & Development

Michael Hencke
Director of Investor Relations

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Colin Nigel Bristow
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Marc Harold Goodman
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Sumant Satchidanand Kulkarni
Canaccord Genuity Corp., Research
Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Yatin Suneja
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Ashley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would
like to welcome everyone to the Biogen First Quarter Earnings Call and Financial Update. [Operator
Instructions] Thank you.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Hencke, Director, Investor Relations. Mr. Hencke,
you may begin your conference.

Michael Hencke
Director of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I encourage
everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial
tables, including our GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial
measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2, and Table
4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial
results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business
internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.

I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our
current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our
actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings
for additional detail.

On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos Dr. Al Sandrock, Head of
Research and Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. As a reminder, during the Q&A portion of the
call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question.

I will now turn the call over to Michel.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With a strong focus on operational execution,
we have continued to serve patients and advance our strategic priorities. While we know that 2021 will
be a financial restructure for the company, we are pleased with our operational performance during Q1,
with first quarter total revenues of $2.7 billion and first quarter non-GAAP EPS of $5.34. These results
were driven by solid performance across MS, SMA and biosimilars, together with continued strong cost
management.

We are ready to launch aducanumab in the U.S. should we receive the regulatory approval, and we
anticipate an FDA decision by the June 7 PDUFA date. If approved, aducanumab will be the first therapy
to meaningfully change the course of Alzheimer's disease and will represent a significant growth and value
creation opportunity.

Our cross-functional team in the U.S. has been working for months in preparation for the potential launch
of aducanumab. We have identified and evaluated key sites of care that have the necessary infrastructure
for Alzheimer's patients. We believe that more than 600 of these sites will be ready to treat patients
shortly after a potential approval. Our team is currently working to evaluate the capacity at these and
other sites to absorb an influx of Alzheimer's patients.

Together with Eisai, we were pleased to support UsAgainstAlzheimer's in the development of BrainGuide, a
platform which is powered by Amazon Web Services. BrainGuide aims to increase brain health awareness
and empower people to take action based upon responses to a memory questionnaire. We hope that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

BrainGuide, along with our collaboration with Apple aiming to identify digital biomarkers of cognitive
health, will enable people to seek care sooner in order to maximize the benefits of treatment.

We are also working to ensure an equitable launch to facilitate broad access to aducanumab, should it be
approved, including underserved population, a critical issue that has been highlighted by the COVID-19
pandemic. I am pleased to announce that outside the U.S., we recently submitted additional regulatory
filings in Brazil, Canada, Switzerland and Australia, adding to our earlier submissions in Europe and Japan.

Turning to our progress towards our strategic priorities. First, Q1 overall MS revenue, including OCREVUS
royalties, was $1.7 billion. Putting aside the entry of TECFIDERA in the U.S., our broader MS business
continued to demonstrate resilience and progress. Excluding TECFIDERA in the U.S., the number of
patients on our MS products worldwide increased approximately 5% versus the prior year. Importantly, in
the current COVID-19 environment, we believe our MS products are well positioned versus the competition
based on our current treatment guidelines.

We were very pleased to see strong revenue growth for VUMERITY, which is now the #1 oral MS product
in terms of new prescription in the U.S. We believe this performance is a testament to a strong product
profile and our team's ability to execute well, validating our plan announced mid last year to accelerate the
launch of VUMERITY. We are also excited that TECFIDERA recently received regulatory approval in China.

Furthermore, we continue to advance new approaches to help address the remaining unmet medical
need in MS. This quarter, we launched an intramuscular formulation of PLEGRIDY in both the U.S. and
EU, which we believe offers an improved tolerability profile. And we obtained approval for subcutaneous
administration of TYSABRI in the EU with the first expected launch in Germany, while we await a
regulatory decision in the U.S. We also continue to advance the potential use of extended interval dosing
for TYSABRI with important data expected in the middle of this year.

Second, SPINRAZA generated first quarter global revenues of $521 million. While SPINRAZA is facing
competition in the U.S., which has been exacerbated by the impacts of COVID-19, we were encouraged
to see that SPINRAZA discontinuation decreased versus Q4 of last year. Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA
continued to perform very well with 13% revenue growth versus Q1 of last year. Overall, SPINRAZA
remains the market-leading treatment for SMA, and we believe it will remain a foundation of care.

Third, our biosimilars business delivered revenue of $205 million. We are pleased with this performance as
the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a slowdown in new treatment starts and
reduced clinic capacity for immunology patients in Europe.

We aim to continue to grow our biosimilars business and create additional financial headroom for
innovation by launching new products. To that end, we recently announced a collaboration with Bio-Thera
Solutions to develop and commercialize BAT1806, a proposed biosimilar referencing ACTEMRA, currently in
Phase III development. Biogen will have the right to commercialize BAT1806 globally in countries outside
of China, which will expand our global biosimilars footprint.

Fourth, this quarter, we continue to meaningfully progress on our pipeline. We reported Phase II data in
essential tremor, and we expect 7 additional mid- to late-stage results this year. Gene therapy represents
a key area of focus for Biogen as we continue to pursue multiple modalities. To this end, we recently
announced our plan to build a new state-of-the-art gene therapy manufacturing facility at our RTP site in
North Carolina.

Fifth, our cash flow generation remains strong and continue to provide us with significant flexibility. To
allocate capital in Q1, we generated approximately $769 million in cash flow from operations and $676
million in free cash flow. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns
for our shareholders as we aim to bring innovative therapies to patients.

I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. As always, I'd like to start by thanking the Biogen
team for their hard work as we continue to advance our R&D programs. We achieved a number of key
milestones this quarter, and we look forward to 7 additional readouts anticipated this year, including
pivotal trials in major depressive disorder, postpartum depression, ALS and choroideremia. Let me now
turn to the advances we made across our pipeline in the first quarter.

Starting with Alzheimer's disease. As Michel mentioned, this quarter, we submitted additional regulatory
filings for aducanumab in Brazil, Switzerland, Canada and Australia. Together with our prior filings in the
U.S., EU and Japan, we have now submitted filings in 7 key geographies and continue to engage with
regulators as they review the aducanumab data.

Turning to lecanemab, or BAN2401, our collaboration partner, Eisai, has recently enrolled the last patient
in the Phase III Clarity study in early Alzheimer's disease. We look forward to the readout in Q3 of
next year. Additionally, we plan to present detailed results from the Phase Ib study of BIIB080 in mild
Alzheimer's disease at the upcoming AAIC meeting later this year. BIIB080 is a tau-targeted antisense
oligonucleotide that aims to reduce the production of all forms of tau, both intracellular and extracellular.
The Phase Ib study demonstrated that BIIB080 was generally well tolerated and resulted in a dose and
time-dependent reduction from baseline in CSF total tau and phospho-tau with durability of effect. We are
currently finalizing plans to advance BIIB080 into a Phase II study in Alzheimer's disease.

Moving to MS. We are presenting new data across our portfolio at the AA (sic) [ AAN ] meeting this week.
An updated analysis of data from the TOUCH Prescribing Program of TYSABRI showed an 88% reduction
in the risk of PML when used with extended interval dosing or EID as compared with standard interval
dosing. This supports previous findings that showed that EID is associated with a lower incidence of PML.

We continue to generate state-of-the-art real-world data through MS PATHS. In MS PATHS, Biogen is
collaborating with 10 leading MS centers in the U.S. and Europe to generate standardized, quantitative
data from a diverse MS patient population as they are being seen in the clinic. More than 17,000 patients
have been enrolled in MS PATHS to date, and we aim to use quantitative measurements across a range
of key clinical dimensions, high position MRI measurements of MS disease activity, patient-reported
data using a validated quality of life instrument, blood biomarkers such as neurofilament and electronic
health records to obtain a more holistic view of MS and gain insights on how currently approved drugs
are affecting real-world outcomes. Moreover, with the use of modern analytical methods such as machine
learning, we hope to make new discoveries about the key subtypes and stages of MS as well as its
pathogenesis.

At the AAN meeting, we are showing data from the MS PATHS that showed that extended interval dosing
of TYSABRI may maintain comparable efficacy to standard interval dosing as assessed by the rate of new
or newly enlarging T2 lesions on MRI scans, quantified by advanced image analysis software, which we
developed in collaboration with Siemens. A prospective study of the efficacy of extended interval dosing is
being assessed in the ongoing NOVA study from which we expect top line results around midyear.

Also being presented at AAN, another study leveraging data collected using MS PATHS demonstrated
that TYSABRI can lead to clinically meaningful improvements in aspects of mental and social health, as
assessed by the Neuro-QoL, a validated instrument that evaluates physical, mental and social effects
reported by patients with neurological disorders. For 11 of the 12 domains tested, the adjusted rate of
improvement was greater for patients treated with TYSABRI than for those treated with OCREVUS.

Also being presented at AAN is the first real-world analysis of VUMERITY-treated patients. The
retrospective study of 160 patients found that overall persistence was high, with 88% of individuals
remaining on VUMERITY at 8 months, and that treatment discontinuation due to GI adverse events
was low at 3.8%. And these results follow a recent publication of EVOLVE-MS-2, a Phase III, 5-week
randomized multicenter study that assessed the GI tolerability of VUMERITY and TECFIDERA using self-
administered questionnaires. The study demonstrated that only 9.5% of VUMERITY-treated patients
indicated that GI symptoms interfered quite a bit or extremely with regular activities as compared to
almost 29% of TECFIDERA patients. We believe that the differentiated tolerability profile of VUMERITY will
lead to improved adherence to therapy.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

In addition to our established treatments, we aim to leverage our MS pipeline to address the remaining
unmet need in MS. This includes our oral remyelination program, BIIB061, our oral BTK inhibitor BIIB091,
as well as our next-generation anti-VLA-4 antibody that seeks to build on the success of TYSABRI in the
high efficacy space.

Turning to neuromuscular disorders. We are presenting an update on the ongoing DEVOTE study, testing
a higher dose of SPINRAZA at the AAN meeting this week. Data from the patients enrolled in the Part
A open-label safety evaluation cohort, followed for up to approximately five months, were consistent
with the well-characterized safety profile of the currently approved 12 milligram dose of SPINRAZA.
The emerging safety profile of the higher dose supports its continued development as we evaluate the
potential for greater efficacy.

We also added an additional cohort to the Phase I study of BIIB078, our C9orf ASO for ALS. Safety data
has been supportive of escalating the dose, enabling us to conduct a more complete evaluation of the
therapeutic index. The Phase I study containing the additional cohort is now expected to read out in the
first half of next year.

In neuropsychiatry, last month, Sage Therapeutics released an interim analysis of the ongoing open-label
Phase III SHORELINE naturalistic study of zuranolone in major depressive disorder. The data showed
that in the completed 30 milligram zuranolone cohort, approximately 70% of participants with a positive
response to an initial 2-week treatment required at most 1 additional zuranolone treatment during the 1-
year study. SHORELINE also showed that following the 2-week treatment, more than 70% of patients in
the 30 milligram cohort and 80% of patients in the 50 milligram cohort achieved a positive response as
evaluated by the 17-item Hamilton rating scale for depression.

In both the 30 and 50 milligram cohorts, zuranolone demonstrated an adverse event profile consistent
with previously reported data. Adverse events, including somnolence, dizziness and sedation, were
observed to be more frequent in the 50 milligram cohort, but were similar in severity to events seen with
the 30 milligram treatment of zuranolone. We believe these data further supports the potential therapeutic
effect of zuranolone, and we look forward to the readout of the WATERFALL study of zuranolone in major
depressive disorder anticipated later this quarter.

Next, I would like to turn to movement disorders. In collaboration with Sage, we recently announced
that SAGE-324, also known as BIIB124, met the primary end point of a statistically significant reduction
from baseline compared to placebo in the upper limb tremor score on prespecified components of The
Essential Tremor Rating Assessment Scale, or TETRAS, at day 29. This corresponded to a 36% reduction
from baseline in upper limb tremor amplitude in patients receiving BIIB124 compared to a 21% reduction
with placebo. BIIB124 also demonstrated a safety profile consistent with previously reported data.

This trial was designed to test the higher -- the high end of the dose range established in Phase I studies,
60 milligrams, in an effort to determine whether or not proof of concept could be established in essential
tremor. BIIB124 clearly shows efficacy in essential tremor. But at this dose, the incidence of somnolence
was 68% with 62% of patients going to a lower dose and 38% of patients discontinuing treatment. We are
working closely with Sage to plan next steps for the development of BIIB124.

The unmet need in tremor, essential tremor, is significant. There have been no new drugs approved
for essential tremor in more than 5 decades. The drugs currently used to treat essential tremor have
tolerability issues of their own, which limits their use in clinical practice. We believe more can be done to
help patients with this most common movement disorder that interferes with activities of daily living and
hamper social engagement.

In Parkinson's disease, the Phase I and Phase Ib studies of BIIB122, a small molecule LRRK2 inhibitor, are
now complete, and the safety and biomarker goals were achieved, which we believe support continued
development of BIIB122. As previously announced with our collaboration partner, Denali, we expect to
initiate late-stage clinical development in Parkinson's disease patients by the end of this year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Our R&D organization delivered a number of important milestones in the first quarter of the year. We
believe there is much to be excited about with 7 additional readouts expected by the end of the year,
including pivotal readouts in major depressive disorder, postpartum depression, ALS and choroideremia.

I will now pass the call over to Mike.

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Al. Biogen had another solid quarter despite the challenges from TECFIDERA U.S. generics and
COVID-19 as we continue to execute well across our core businesses. We remain in a very strong financial
position with significant cash and financial capacity to continue to grow the business over the long term.
I will now review our financial performance for the quarter and share with you an update to our full year
guidance for 2021.

Total revenue for the first quarter of $2.7 billion declined 24% versus the prior year at actual currency and
25% at constant currency. This decline was mostly driven by the continued impact of TECFIDERA generics
in the United States.

Total MS revenue for the first quarter, including OCREVUS royalties of $1.7 billion, decreased 26% versus
the prior year at both actual and at constant currency. This decline was also driven by the continued
impact of TECFIDERA generics in the U.S. Excluding U.S. TECFIDERA, total MS revenue, including
OCREVUS royalties, were relatively flat, demonstrating the resilience of our MS business in a competitive
market.

Global TECFIDERA revenue for the first quarter of $479 million declined 56% versus the prior year.
Outside of the U.S., first quarter TECFIDERA revenue of $317 million declined 2% versus the prior year.
Normalizing for accelerated shipments due to COVID-19 of approximately $28 million in Q1 of 2020,
revenue outside the U.S. increased 7%, with continued patient growth.

During the quarter, we saw continued improvement in VUMERITY trends. VUMERITY revenue was $74
million in the first quarter and is now the #1 MS oral product in terms of new prescription share in the
U.S.

TYSABRI first quarter global revenue of $503 million declined 4% versus the prior year. As a reminder,
in Q1 of 2020, TYSABRI revenue benefited by approximately $40 million due to a combination of extra
shipping days in the U.S. and a pricing adjustment in Italy. Normalizing for these dynamics, revenue grew
4% year-over-year, as we saw a 5% increase in global TYSABRI patients. We continue to believe TYSABRI
is well positioned to play an increasingly important role in the treatment of MS as we progress several
important initiatives, including subcutaneous administration and extended interval dosing.

Moving now to SMA. Global first quarter SPINRAZA revenue of $521 million decreased 8% versus the prior
year at actual currency and 12% at constant currency, although we were pleased to see 5% growth in
global SPINRAZA patients versus the prior year. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue decreased 37% versus
the prior year, as we continued to see impact from competition, exacerbated by the impacts of COVID-19.
Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue grew 13% versus the prior year, including approximately $40 million
due to timing of shipments in Q1 of 2021.

Moving now to our biosimilars business. First quarter revenue of $205 million decreased 6% versus the
prior year at actual currency and 13% at constant currency. Normalizing for accelerated shipments due to
COVID-19 of approximately $15 million in Q1 of 2020, revenue was flat year-over-year. Our biosimilars
business continues to be negatively impacted by pricing pressure as well as a slowdown in new treatments
and reduced clinic capacity due to COVID-19. Despite the continued impact of COVID-19, we continued
to be the leading anti-TNF biosimilar provider in Europe, and BENEPALI continues to be the #1 prescribed
etanercept product across Europe. We believe we have the opportunity to continue to grow in Europe as
well as within the U.S. and other geographies by commercializing new products.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Total anti-CD20 revenue in the first quarter of $389 million decreased 25% versus the prior year. RITUXAN
revenue decreased approximately 50% versus the prior year, partially offset by a 29% increase in
OCREVUS royalties. We expect continued erosion of RITUXAN due to biosimilars.

Turning now to gross margin. First quarter gross margin was 82% of revenue, down versus 83% in the
prior quarter and down versus 87% in Q1 of 2020. The continued reduction in gross margin was primarily
due to the declines in TECFIDERA and RITUXAN, both of which are high-margin products. We expect to
continue to experience downward pressure on gross margins.

Moving to expenses and the balance sheet. First quarter non-GAAP R&D expense was $514 million. First
quarter non-GAAP SG&A was $595 million, including approximately $75 million related to the launch
preparations for aducanumab, net of reimbursement from Eisai. In the first quarter of this year, our
effective non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 16% versus approximately 17% in the first quarter of
2020.

During the first quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of the company's common stock for $600
million. As of March 31, 2021, there was $4 billion remaining under the share repurchase program
authorized in October of 2020, and we expect to utilize a portion of this throughout the remainder of the
year. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 152 million shares for the quarter.

Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the first quarter was $5.34. In the first quarter, we generated
approximately $769 million in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures were $93 million and free
cash flow was approximately $676 million. We ended the quarter with $7.3 billion in debt and $3.4 billion
in cash and marketable securities, resulting in $3.9 billion in net debt. In addition, our $1 billion revolving
credit facility was undrawn as of the end of the quarter.

Let me now turn to our updated full year guidance for 2021. Our full year 2021 revenue guidance remains
at $10.45 billion to $10.75 billion, despite unfavorable currency dynamics, which I will explain in a
moment. We are increasing our non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance from our previous range of $17 to $18.50
to a range of between $17.50 to $19. Our capital expenditure guidance is unchanged at $375 million to
$425 million.

This financial guidance assumes that foreign exchange rates as of March 31, 2021, will remain in effect
for the remainder of the year, net of hedging activities. It is important to note that we are reaffirming our
revenue guidance despite an expected currency headwind of approximately $80 million net of hedging
activities to our full year 2021 revenue guidance, due primarily to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar
from January 1, 2021, through March 31, 2021.

Our guidance continues to assume that aducanumab will be approved in the U.S. by June 7, 2021,
although uncertainty remains on the FDA's decision. If aducanumab is approved in the U.S., we would
expect an immediate launch. However, dose titration will result in less revenue per patient in the initial
months of treatment. And as a result, we would expect only modest revenue for aducanumab in 2021,
ramping thereafter.

We continued to expect rapid erosion of our U.S. TECFIDERA business as well as significant erosion of
RITUXAN in the U.S. We expect that the decreased revenue from these high-margin products will put
pressure on our gross margin percentage. Note that our gross margin in Q1 2021 was 82% of revenue,
which reflects this dynamic.

We now expect full year non-GAAP R&D expenses will be between $2.3 billion and $2.4 billion, and non-
GAAP SG&A expenses will be between $2.6 billion and $2.7 billion. This guidance reflects our expectation
that both R&D and SG&A will increase beginning in the second quarter due to new collaborations, program
readouts and aducanumab investments as we prepare for the potential launch.

Our full year SG&A estimate continues to include an approximate $600 million investment in support of
the potential launch of aducanumab. Of this amount, approximately $200 million would be reimbursable
by Eisai and would be reflected as collaboration profit sharing post commercialization and not part of
SG&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

We expect we will utilize a portion of the remaining share repurchase authorization of $4 billion throughout
the year, although this will depend on a variety of factors, including our business development activities.
We have not included any impact from potential tax or health care reform or any impact from potential
acquisitions or large business development transactions in our guidance.

And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Thank you, Mike. Biogen continued to demonstrate resilience and strong execution in the first quarter of
the year. And we believe we remain on track to make 2021 a transformative year for the company. This, of
course, starts with the potential approval of aducanumab in the U.S.

The unmet need and cost to society for Alzheimer's disease are tremendous and mounting. Alzheimer's
creates a cost burden of over $600 billion per year in the U.S. and the costs for caring for an Alzheimer's
patient can be over $0.5 million. Alzheimer's deprives many patients of their independence. By the age
of 80, approximately 75% of people with Alzheimer's disease live in a nursing home at a per patient cost
of approximately $100,000 per year. The potential approval of aducanumab will be an unprecedented
milestones for patients, their families and society at large.

Beyond aducanumab, we continue to advance our neuroscience pipeline as we work to create a multi-
franchise portfolio. We look forward to the 7 expected mid- to late-stage readouts this year across a range
of therapeutic areas, such as Alzheimer's disease, ALS, ophthalmology, depression and stroke, including 4
in Phase III.

I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative
therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently and
effectively, while maintaining operational discipline and managing costs. As we have demonstrated in the
past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for super returns from the
investment we make.

Lastly, I would like to reflect upon Biogen's long-standing commitment to corporate responsibility. Our
dedication to patients and the broader society is not only limited to developing novel therapeutics for
patients suffering from serious diseases, but extends much further. At Biogen, we work with purpose to
advance science to address the urgent and long-term challenge facing humanity. Now more than ever,
we continued to strengthen environmental, social and governance priorities across the company. To
underscore this commitment, we have decided to incorporate an ESG metric into our corporate scorecard
to help ensure that we accelerate actions across these critical issues.
In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated the dedication
to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all of the physician caregivers and participants in
our clinical development programs. We are living through challenging times with COVID-19, and our
achievements could not be realized without passion and commitment. We will now open the call for
questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Yee of Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

It sounds like you remain quite optimistic about a potential approval for adu. I was just wondering if
you could make some comments about the work you've done with both sites and payers. I know that
if this does get approved, there's a lot of uncertainty around PET reimbursement and logistics and MRI
monitoring and things of that nature. So could you just maybe comment about the work you've done there
and how confident you are that, that will be fairly smooth?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Thanks for the question, Michael. I mean the focus of the team since many months in the U.S. was,
first, to identify and assist the sites of care in terms of infrastructure advice and processes, because we
anticipate that there will be, if approved, a very large influx of patients. We know that the availability of
specialists and diagnosis capabilities are a bottleneck, so we had to prepare the sites of cares. And we
have worked all around the country in order to identify those. Today, we anticipate approximately 600
ready to treat, but many more are on the works.

So this was -- this work was managed by a cross-functional team. And obviously, we started with the
medical engagement and scientific leadership. And we are pleased with where we are in terms of those
sites and their ability to welcome the patients, to diagnose the patients, to dose the patients, to monitor
the patients, including the fine processes such as formulary listing. Who is in charge of what? So the team
has done a very thorough work, and I am pleased with the progress. Each time I review the operation in
the U.S. and the launch readiness, we are bridging -- we are passing some new milestones.

I am also pleased with the digital capability. That is an overlay of rich contact and awareness building
towards different stakeholders, not only the physicians, but also the patients and patient services.

As you know, so far, neither PET or CSF amyloid are reimbursed in the U.S. CSF is reimbursed in Europe,
not in the U.S., but we believe there is a path forward.

Concerning price, I think that we are there, Mike. We have done a thorough engagement with different
stakeholders, considering the burden of the disease and the clinical meaningfulness that aducanumab will
bring. And we have engaged with pharmacoeconomics, including ICER, many times and others in the U.S.
and beyond. So I think that the team is ready, and I'm pleased with the progress.

And actually, the 3 months addition were like a gift for the team because we are never fully ready for such
a launch. And I must also appreciate the collaboration from Eisai in this launch readiness.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ronny Gal of Bernstein.

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Just one on TECFIDERA. To the extent that you are successful in prosecuting the appeal or getting
an extended patent, can you discuss how that will impact the market? That is, I know you got a few
settlements, and I'm wondering if those products were going to stay on the market. Or can -- or will they
have to exit the market if you -- based on your agreements, if you are able to win the appeal?

Michael R. McDonnell

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Ronny, it's Mike. Thank you for the question. And as we said, we do expect to hear something on
the appeal in the first half of this year. And as we sit here on April 22, that could really come at any time
now. There are many generics on the market, as you know. And our legal team has worked extremely
hard to try to win this appeal and overturn this decision.

To the extent that we are successful, obviously, that would be very good news on winning the appeal, but
there would be a course forward from there. And so in order to come up with a quantification of potential
financial benefits, it would be premature and it would be hard to calculate immediately.

It would be the type of situation where we would get the good news, and we would have to navigate from
there on a number of additional steps that we would have to go through to get to finalization. And how the
generics that are in the market now would react, it's a little bit hard to predict before that would actually
happen.

So I would say that, obviously, it would be a very good day and good news, and we're working very hard,
and we believe in our case. But we would have to sort of evaluate the ruling, what it says. And we would
communicate more in terms of potential benefits as soon as we knew what that course looked like.

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Let me harp on this just a little bit. Do you have any settlement that will allow any genetic to stay on the
market longer term even if you win?

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. That's not something that we can kind of comment on with specificity, Ronny. Again, yes, we're -- and
I apologize for that, but this is one where, again, we have a great legal team that's working very hard in
overturning this appeal, and we're very -- hopefully hear something very soon, and we'll communicate
more on exactly what it all means. We'd have to look at the ruling and the specifics, and we'd have to see
the reaction of the generics that are in the market before we really could answer that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Marc Goodman of SVB Leerink.

Marc Harold Goodman
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Yes. Can you give us more color on SPINRAZA outside the United States when you talk about some of the
regions and just the underlying trends and what's going on there? And then just additionally, TECFIDERA
China, can you just help us? Are you booking sales? Is that something that you view as a big opportunity?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So thanks for the question. We are very pleased with the performance of SPINRAZA ex U.S. And I'm also
pleased with the performance in the U.S. even if we did face some discontinuation due to the compounded
effect of COVID and also the perceived enhanced modality with the oral of Evrysdi, the convenience. And
so there are a lot of learning that are coming from the U.S. to apply to Europe and ex Europe. We can see
a very strong resilience in core European markets. And we can see a very fast momentum of growth in the
emerging geographies. So all in all, I am very pleased.

I think that, moving forward, with the pandemia improving with the rate of vaccination, the fear to visit
institution will gradually decrease. And the SUNFISH 2 data continues to reinforce the said thesis that
basically, the product is not that efficacious for the toddlers above the age of 5. The dose limitation,
because of all the reasons that we all know, basically set the limit in terms of efficacy, while the weight of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

the young adult or toddler or young adult increase, which is the largest part of the market and where we
have faced some switches.

So obviously, the learning from the U.S. will benefit probably ex U.S. in an environment where we should
have less of the pandemia. I am pleased with the emerging economies where rare diseases were not
the priority for so long, and nowadays are on the agenda in terms of resource allocation. So very good
momentum.

Concerning TECFIDERA in China, it's a second product approved in China for Biogen, and I am delighted
about that. As you know, I was posted there for my previous company during 4 years with my family. And
I fundamentally believe into the long-term potential of this market, that is already the #2 in the world.
So the demand is tremendous. And epidemiology is rapidly emerging with similarities with the one of the
west.

So incidence is lower for MS, but there are still more than 100,000 patients. The rate of diagnosis and the
rate of treatment with DMTs is extremely low. It's less than 5% of the market. So disabilities are high, and
it gives a great opportunity to establish TECFIDERA, together with the rest of the portfolio with a bit more
time hopefully.

China is an important market for Biogen. We are managing Asia-Pac without Japan from China. We have
partnered with a Chinese company on a biosimilar. So it's an invest geography. Obviously, we don't lose
the focus on the rest. But good momentum in China. We have a great team, more than 200 people. And
it's only the beginning. Thank you for the questions.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Yatin Suneja of Guggenheim Partners.

Yatin Suneja
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I have a question on zuranolone. The -- can you maybe talk about the expectation from the upcoming
WATERFALL study, the importance of durability? And how should we think about durability beyond the
2-week dosing period? Do you need to hit stat sig beyond day 15? And how the powering might be
structured after the primary end point?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

This is Al. Yes. So the primary end point is the efficacy at day 15. And a key secondary end point is the
durability, if you will, at day 42. And it's -- there's 2 ways to look at that. One is, does it stay separated
from placebo? Or perhaps, more importantly, what happens between day 15 and day 42 on the efficacy on
the HAM-D score in the treated patients? And so I think that if you look at prior precedents, the latter is
probably more important than the former. But I think both will need to be looked at.

And then, of course, the key durability comes from the data from SHORELINE, which shows that the
patients who responded to the initial course of treatment need at most one additional treatment. About
70% needed at most 1 additional treatment for an entire year. So I think that both kinds of durability are
important.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Umer Raffat of Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Michel, Michael, I would just like to understand the stock repurchase trends better. And I'm specifically
looking at over $10 billion worth of repurchases that were done between 4Q '19 through 3Q '20 versus
around $1 billion that's been done in 4Q '20 and 1Q '21. I'm just trying to understand the drop in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

magnitude better. And I realize we can't necessarily correlate that to one specific thing, but I would just
love to understand the thought process there.

Michael R. McDonnell
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Umer, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. So a couple of comments. I would say that we did buy back
$600 million in the quarter. And we continue to be very committed to our share repurchase program, and
we continue to see our stock as a very accretive investment. And we will continue to buy back stock and
utilize a portion of the remaining $4 billion authorization throughout the rest of the year, as we said.

If you look back 5 years, Biogen's repurchased something on the order of 71 million shares for a total
value of about $20 billion. And I would say that we've certainly availed ourselves of a great opportunity
there. And I think that you do have to differentiate levels of cash flow prior to the entry of generics for
TECFIDERA. Obviously, that was a highly profitable product, with a large revenue base in the U.S. that's
now eroding pretty rapidly. So we don't have the level of free cash flow that we had prior to that.

But with that said, we still do have a meaningful amount of cash with $3.4 billion on hand at the end of
the quarter. And we remain very committed to share repurchases. There is a differential, obviously, in the
level of free cash flow. And we had a lot of excess cash on hand during various periods of time, even more
than we have now prior to the generic situation.

So within the confines of what we can do, we remain very committed. $600 million is still a pretty
meaningful number, and we will continue to evaluate a very robust pipeline of BD opportunities. We will
continue to invest in those. You probably saw that we announced an investment in a biosimilar opportunity
with Bio-Thera that we're excited about. And we will continue to repurchase shares, and we have the
wherewithal to do that. So I wouldn't read too much into to the volume as being a sign that we're not
committed to it because we're something -- it's something that we continue to see as a very accretive
investment.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Al, I was wondering if you could just comment on tau. And just given what we've seen from some of the
other studies, what your level of confidence is in this Phase II readout that's coming up?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Well, you're talking about gosuranemab, BIIB092, which is our antibody that targets essentially
extracellular tau, trying to prevent the spread of tow from cell to cell. And you're right. I mean the Roche
negative results do make us think that it's tough to target tau with an antibody. But we remain hopeful.
We haven't seen the data from our own Phase II results yet. It's a large study, 650-plus patients testing
several doses. And we're testing it in the early stages of Alzheimer's. So I think it's a robust study that will
enable a very good go, no-go decision to Phase III.

I did mention BIIB080 in my prepared comments because it's a different approach to tau. It's using an
antisense to decrease the production of tau. And it should affect both intracellular and extracellular forms
of tau, very different approach. And we're excited about the results that we found in Phase I in terms of
dose and time-dependent reduction in tau expression as seen in the CSF. And we're looking forward to
sharing those results later this year at a scientific meeting.

Operator

We will take our next question from Brian Abrahams of RBC Capital Markets.

Brian Corey Abrahams
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

On aducanumab, can you maybe remind us again of the Phase III monitoring requirements for safety in
those studies? And maybe your latest views on what you think would be most appropriate in a real-world
setting. I guess what preparation centers would need to have for both management and monitoring as
well as optimizing benefit risk on the patients who start adu.

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Brian, the main adverse event associated with adu is ARIA-E, and that's readily monitored by a very
standard sequence used for MRI scans. And in the Phase III trial, most of the -- almost all the monitoring
was done within the first year of treatment because the risk of ARIA goes down with time as you -- the
longer you treat, the less likely you are to get ARIA-E. And I believe we had 6 or 9 scans in the trial. We
don't think that you'll need that many. We were being extra cautious in our Phase III trial. Exactly how
many we'll need will obviously depend on our discussions if we get to them or when we get to them in
terms of the label, which we don't have yet.

I would remind you that most of the ARIA-E is -- were asymptomatic. I'd say about 2/3 were
asymptomatic. And when symptomatic, they were -- the symptoms were generally mild, such as headache
and confusion. So I think it's a readily dealt with, readily managed adverse event. And I think the sites,
because almost all -- I mean, virtually every center, even private practice clinics have access -- ready
access to MRI. And as I said, it's a standard sequence. So I don't think it's going to be a major problem to
monitor for ARIA.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Colin Bristow of UBI.

Colin Nigel Bristow
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And congrats on the quarter. On the EMBARK trial, I believe you reduced the planned enrollment from
2,400 to 1,800. I was just wondering, could you give us some color on the drivers of this. Was it just
slower enrollment than your expectation? But most importantly, I wondered if you could give us -- do you
have any data around the enrollment rates from the active aducanumab arms versus placebo arms for the
feeder trial?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Yes. Thanks for the question. EMBARK is enrolling. The rate of enrollment is actually as predicted. It's
enrolling on track. But as you noted, the total number of patients to be enrolled was reduced. And the
main reason for that was that there were eligibility requirements, medical eligibility requirements that
were not met by many of the patients who were seeking to enroll in EMBARK.

I'd say though that the interest level on the part of patients as well as investigators remains high. And as
I said, the enrollment does remain on track. And I don't have the data on whether or not the -- there's
differential enrollment from the different feeder arms.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Evan Seigerman of Crédit Suisse.

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I just wanted to touch on the recent data readout of SAGE-324. So while you had the stat sig result on the
primary, we did see a very high discontinuation rate in the treatment arm. Two things: Can you remind
us how you plan to mitigate this in a pivotal trial? And what is the acceptable rate of somnolence for a
successful commercial asset in ET?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Well, the -- you're correct that, as I stated in my comments, the primary end point was met, which I think
-- and I want to congratulate my colleagues at Sage for that. That's a major result. The obvious thing to
do now since we tested the high end of the dose range is to see whether we can reduce the dose, mitigate
some of the adverse events while maintaining efficacy. There may be other maneuvers, such as changing
the dosing algorithm, if you will, perhaps easing up to a dose, titrating. And other approaches would
include potentially looking at key subgroups.

In terms of what's acceptable, I think that's a very tough thing to answer definitively. I think that every
patient looks at the benefit they're receiving from a drug and the tolerability issues they have to accept
with the drug. It's probably a day-to-day decision that patients make. And in this situation, they can see
themselves how -- what's going on with the tremor. And perhaps there'll be several doses one day that will
allow patients to choose between doses that optimize for them the benefit versus the risk.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Evan, I think that at this stage of development, the mindset of the team is to try to do better than
what we have seen with this initial Phase II, 60% or so symptomatology and approximately 30%
discontinuation. So it's a fascinating question that you asked. It's all about the benefits risk, but the
mindset is just try to do better.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Jay Olson of Oppenheimer.

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

My question is about your subcu strategy. Do you consider subcu TYSABRI as a complement to IV
TYSABRI or a substitute that will eventually replace IV TYSABRI? And since there was a study of subcu
aducanumab, can you remind us about your plans for a subcu form of aducanumab and how you will apply
your experience from subcu TYSABRI to aducanumab?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So thanks for the question. We are very excited by the momentum we see behind TYSABRI, high efficacy,
and a mechanism that is eventually slightly favored in the current environment versus beta cell depleters.
The stigma around TYSABRI was always the risk of PML. And with the data we generate and the extended
interval dose, and hopefully, the data with the NOVA study midyear readout, we should really shed light on
the optimal dose and most frequence of the treatment.

Subcu is an opportunity to enlarge the target. When we look at the prescribers landscape for TYSABRI,
which is a tremendous success, it's extremely limited. And is it because of the infusion centers? Is it
because of the risk of PML? Probably both. Here, we are combining the opportunity of accessing high
efficacy with a subcutaneous dosing. So we should be in a position to enlarge the use and the targeting for
TYSABRI.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Geoff Meacham of Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

On adu, just -- I was just curious if you guys have provided any more materials to regulator. I wasn't sure
if further details from the EMBARK study were a gating factor. And just real quick on tau. Al, I want to just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

get your view of the tau imaging, what Lilly did, just to be able to assess Alzheimer's disease severity. Is
that something that you think down the road could be implemented in your studies?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Yes, we remain on track for the PDUFA date of June 7. And obviously, if we had submitted major additional
data, that would affect that. So -- but other than that, we don't want to comment on what we're
submitting, our interactions with FDA, except to say that we continue to have regular meetings with them.
And that to us, everything is on track for a PDUFA decision on -- by the PDUFA date.

In terms of tau, the concept of using tau imaging essentially to stage patients is a very interesting and
novel concept. And they showed that there are certain -- if you look at the amyloid PET AS well as tau PET,
you could potentially choose patients with the right stage of Alzheimer's disease that would maximally
benefit from an amyloid lowering agents, such as donanemab and potentially aducanumab and BAN2401.
So I think it's a very interesting concept. I think it's something that we need to look at again and with
further study, but it's something that could potentially be useful.

Operator

We'll now take our last question from Sumant Kulkarni of Canaccord.

Sumant Satchidanand Kulkarni
Canaccord Genuity Corp., Research Division

Given you're so deep in the FDA's review of aducanumab, other than perhaps stage of Alzheimer's disease
of patients, what are your latest thoughts or expectations on any specific limitations in labeling of adu,
perhaps by APOE4 carrier status? Are there more genetic-oriented variables?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Yes. I wish I could -- I just can't answer those types of questions. We're still in the middle of our review
process, and I'm sensitive to the fact that we're under review. So one day soon, I hope to be able to
discuss all that with you.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

I want to thank you all for joining the Biogen call today. We remain focused on flawless execution and our
operation in order to deliver on our guidance. We are also focused on the velocity of our pipe. And in the
short run, we are very excited with the important readouts, and obviously, with the critically important
regulatory decision for aducanumab.

Have a good day.

Operator
Thank you. That now concludes the call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BIOGEN INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

