BlackRock, Inc. NYSE:BLK
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 13, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

9.48

10.95

Revenue  (mm)

4819.68

5050.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-12-2021 10:06 AM GMT

15.51

4.78

10.36

37.74

42.48

5102.73

19213.97

20725.53

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

9.03

7.68

9.47

9.48

10.18

7.77

10.03

10.95

SURPRISE

12.74 %

1.17 %

5.91 %

15.51 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher Joseph Meade
Senior MD, General Counsel &
Chief Legal Officer

Gary Stephen Shedlin
Senior MD & CFO

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

Robert Steven Kapito
President & Director

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Andrew Lee
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

William Raymond Katz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Jerome, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would
like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for
today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S.
Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade.

[Operator Instructions]

Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.

Christopher Joseph Meade
Senior MD, General Counsel & Chief Legal Officer

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we
begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking
statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from
these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors
that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes
no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to
Gary.

Gary Stephen Shedlin
Senior MD & CFO

Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the third quarter
of 2021. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our financial performance and
business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will
be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results.

BlackRock's proven track record of delivering for stakeholders reflects our ongoing commitment to
anticipate change before it happens and continually invest for the long term. Our globally integrated
investment and technology platform enables us to construct resilient whole portfolios for clients. We rely
on thought leadership, global investment insights and state-of-the-art risk management tools to help
clients navigate ever-changing and increasingly volatile market environments. Our approach is resonating
more than ever and is reflected in the continued strong momentum we are seeing across our entire
platform.

BlackRock generated total net inflows of $75 billion in the third quarter. $98 billion of long-term net
inflows, representing approximately 4% annualized organic asset growth were partially offset by net
outflows from lower fee cash and advisory AUM. In addition, strong net inflows from ETFs and our active
franchise once again contributed to this quarter's 9% annualized organic base fee growth.

Over the last 12 months, our differentiated investment management platform, which pairs active and
index capabilities across the entire range of traditional and alternative products, has now generated over
$450 billion of total net inflows representing 13% organic base fee growth well in excess of our 5% long-
term target.

Third quarter revenue of $5.1 billion increased 16% year-over-year while operating income of $1.9 billion
rose 11% and reflected the impact of approximately $96 million of fund launch costs primarily associated
with the successful launch of a $2 billion closed-end fund in late September.

Earnings per share of $10.95 was up 19% compared to a year ago, also reflecting significantly higher
nonoperating income in the current quarter. Nonoperating results for the quarter included $298 million of
net investment income primarily driven by noncash gains related to our strategic minority investments in
iCapital and Scalable Capital as well as mark-to-market gains in our private equity co-investment portfolio.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

Our as-adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 24%. We continue to estimate that 24%
is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the fourth quarter of 2021, though the actual effective tax rate
may differ as a consequence of nonrecurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation.

Third quarter base fees and securities lending revenue of $3.9 billion increased 22% year-over-year
reflecting the positive impact of market beta on average AUM and 13% organic base fee growth despite
higher discretionary money market fee waivers and strategic pricing investments over the last year.
Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue was up 5%.

Our third quarter annualized effective fee rate on a day count equivalent basis increased by 0.2 basis
points from the second quarter as the positive impact of strong organic base fee growth driven by our
higher fee active businesses, and lower discretionary money market fee waivers more than offset the
negative impact of divergent equity beta primarily associated with the accelerating decline in emerging
markets during the current quarter.

During the third quarter, we incurred approximately $130 million of gross discretionary yield support
waivers. Lower discretionary yield support waivers in the current quarter were linked to the Fed's technical
adjustments to the IOER and RRP in June as well as outflows from U.S. government money market funds
during the current quarter. Performance fees of $345 million reflect generally strong performance from our
single strategy hedge fund platform over the last year. The decline in year-over-year fees reflected lower
revenue from a single hedge fund with an annual performance measurement period that ends in the third
quarter and which delivered truly exceptional performance a year ago partially offset by higher revenue
from illiquid products.

Quarterly technology services revenue increased 13% from a year ago. Annual contract value, or ACV,
increased 16% year-over-year and continued to reflect strong growth from the third quarter of 2020,
which was impacted by slower sales and extended contracting in the early months of the pandemic. We
remain committed to low to mid-teens growth in ACV over the long term.

Total expense increased 19% versus the year ago quarter driven primarily by higher G&A, compensation
and direct fund expense. G&A expense was up $139 million or 30% year-over-year primarily driven by
higher technology and portfolio services expense in the current quarter. Third quarter G&A expense also
included $96 million of fund launch costs primarily associated with our first ESG-oriented closed-end fund,
the $2 billion BlackRock ESG Capital Allocation Trust, and $29 million of contingent consideration fair
value adjustments related to the estimated final payment on our successful Citibanamex acquisition in
2018. Recall that we exclude the impact of product launch costs when reporting our as-adjusted operating
margin.

Core G&A expense for the third quarter, which excludes the impact of product launch and transaction-
related costs, was up 3% from the second quarter. We have made no changes to the discretionary
investment spending plans we have previously outlined and would expect a sequential increase in our
fourth quarter core G&A spend to be generally consistent with previous years reflecting seasonal increases
in marketing spend, additional costs related to return-to-office planning and ongoing technology costs
associated with Aladdin cloud migrations.

Employee compensation and benefit expense was up $116 million or 8% from a year ago primarily
reflecting higher base compensation and higher deferred compensation related to the impact of grants
associated with 2020 compensation. Direct fund expense increased 38% year-over-year primarily
reflecting higher average index AUM and intangible amortization expense increased $11 million year-over-
year due to our Aperio acquisition.

Our third quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 45.8% was down 120 basis points from a year ago
as operating leverage was more than offset by the impact of lower performance fees, higher contingent
consideration fair value adjustments and higher intangible amortization expense compared to a year ago.

We're seeing more opportunities to invest for growth than ever before. We reopened the closed-end
fund market in 2019 by making it more efficient for investors to access products at NAV. By synthetically
seeding these new funds, we've now raised $14 billion in active AUM, representing over $170 million

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

in new revenue. Our strategic minority investments in iCapital and Scalable Capital are reinforcing our
tech-for-flow strategy and simultaneously generating very attractive returns for shareholders. And we
continue to build our best-in-class ESG capabilities, most recently by acquiring Rhodium's models related
to the physical risks associated with climate change; effective use of our balance sheet to seed new
products, co-invest alongside clients or makes strategic minority investments, both supports our growth
and drives value for our shareholders. And while our capital management strategy remains, first, to invest
in our business, we also remain committed to returning excess cash to shareholders and repurchased an
additional $300 million worth of shares in the third quarter.

As we discussed at Investor Day, we continue to invest in our highest growth franchises, such as ETFs,
private markets and technology, and we are accelerating investments to drive growth in our sustainable
traditional active and solutions capabilities. Each of these areas once again delivered strong results in the
third quarter.

Quarterly long-term net inflows of $98 billion were driven by continued momentum in our ETF and active
platforms. Our ETFs generated net inflows of $58 billion in the third quarter, positive across each of our
product categories, representing 7% annualized organic base fee growth. ETFs attributable to our strategic
category drove over 50% of net inflows in the quarter reflecting continued strength in fixed income and
sustainable ETFs, Core equity and higher fee precision exposure ETFs saw net inflows of $16 billion and $9
billion, respectively, led by U.S. equity exposures.

Retail net inflows of $23 billion, representing 11% annualized organic base fee growth, were positive in
both the U.S. and internationally and across all major asset classes. Retail multi-asset results included the
impact of the previously mentioned $2 billion closed-end fund raised in late September.

Inflows continue to reflect broad-based strength across our active platform and we remain well-positioned
to meet investor needs for risk-adjusted alpha and yield in the current market environment. BlackRock's
institutional active net inflows of $26 billion, representing 6% annualized organic base fee growth, were
led by $25 billion of multi-asset net inflows. Growth included the impact of a significant outsourced CIO
mandate from the Asia Pacific client, continuing our momentum in an important growth area, where we
are providing cost-effective whole portfolio solutions to the world's most sophisticated institutional clients.

We also saw continued demand for our LifePath target date offerings, and Larry will update you about a
recent milestone for our new LifePath Paycheck retirement solution. Institutional index net outflows of
$8 billion broadly reflected equity net outflows, which were partially offset by fixed income net inflows
as clients continue to rebalance portfolios after significant market -- equity market gains were sort to
immunize portfolios through LDI strategies. Overall, BlackRock generated approximately $45 billion in
quarterly active net inflows across the platform, including our tenth consecutive quarter of positive active
equity flows.

Demand for alternatives also continued with nearly $7 billion of net inflows into liquid and illiquid
alternative strategies during the quarter, driven by single-strategy hedge funds, private credit, real
assets and private equity solutions. Fundraising momentum remains strong, and we have approximately
$29 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternative strategies,
representing a significant source of future base and performance fees.

BlackRock's cash management platform experienced net outflows of $12 billion driven primarily by
redemptions from U.S. government and offshore sterling prime money market funds in line with the
broader U.S. money market fund industry. BlackRock's diverse cash management offerings position us
well to serve clients' needs, and you will hear more from Larry about how we are expanding our ESG cash
offerings to enhance our competitive positioning even further.

Finally, third quarter advisory net outflows of $10 billion were primarily linked to the successful planned
wind-downs of portfolios managed by our Financial Markets Advisory Group on behalf of the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York. Recall that revenue linked to these assignments is primarily reflected in the
advisory and other revenue line item on our income statement.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

BlackRock's continued strong performance reflects our commitment to strategically invest in our business,
in anticipation of change and to lead the evolution of the asset management industry. Today, we see even
greater opportunity to invest in our employees and our clients and in the communities in which we operate
to ensure that we will continue to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible. With that, I'll
turn it over to Larry.

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. I truly hope that all of you
are staying healthy and safe. Fortunately, I've been traveling again, and in recent months, to see clients
worldwide. It's great to be back in the road. -- meeting face-to-face with our clients, and I found our
clients actually more engaged, more interested in our conversations than ever before.

As investors continue to navigate uncertainty in the markets and in the broader global economic outlook,
BlackRock is partnering more closely with our clients to help them achieve long-term -- their long-term
goals and helping them seeking new opportunities. BlackRock is providing insights on the global economy,
guidance on how to navigate the market volatility and providing solutions for their entire portfolio. Our
comprehensive unified investment and technology platform, combined with our steadfast client-centric
approach, is enabling us to deliver constantly and consistently strong results for our stakeholders.

Long-term net inflows of $98 billion in the third quarter represented 9% organic base fee growth, were
driven by continued strength in our strategic growth opportunities that we've spoken to in the past. Our
consecutive quarters of strong growth are the direct results of these investments that we've made over
time to enhance and evolve our business and to be more prepared for the needs of our clients.

We have now delivered organic base fee growth in excess of our 5% target for 6 consecutive quarters,
including 13% growth over the last 12 months. And we also generated 30% year-over-year growth in
technology services revenues as more clients are turning to Aladdin to execute on their growth aspirations
and to helping them scale their business.

After our promising global economic restart earlier this year, we saw certain countries and markets take a
step back in recent months as they are confronted with the economic -- with virus variants and economic
issues. Concerns around slowing economic growth are increasing while policymakers are evaluating the
timing and pace of easing, whether it's rate hikes or reduction in bond purchases.

And with interest rates still at historically low levels, investors need solutions that can earn a real yield and
be resilient in a higher inflationary world. Inflationary trends are appearing more than transitory, reflecting
structural changes, including a shift from consumerism to job creation, rising wage growth and the energy
transition.

As I said in a speech to the G20 in July, society needs to rapidly invest in innovation to offset inflationary
pressures associated with the transition to a net zero economy. We need to make sure that we are pushing
just as hard on the demand side as we are on the supply side. Otherwise, we risk supply issues that drive
up the cost for consumers, especially for those who can least afford it.

Against this backdrop, clients are turning to BlackRock more than ever before, and we are using the full
breadth of our capabilities to meet all our clients' needs. BlackRock's top-performing active platform
continues to outpace the industry, generating $45 billion of net inflows in the quarter and nearly $200
billion over the last 12 months. Momentum in active equities continue, and BlackRock's #1 in year-to-date
asset-gathering in the U.S. active equity mutual fund industry, up from #3 in 2020.

These results reflect our investments over time to incorporate data science, integrate ESG considerations
and enhancing portfolio construction capabilities across the entire active business. And we remain
committed to continuous innovation so we can deliver strong and durable alpha for our clients over the
long term.

In addition to our traditional active strategies, we're also seeing clients increase portfolio allocation to
private markets. As they reach for yield, institutions are turning to BlackRock for private credit, real estate

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

and private equity solutions. And well, we are seeing advisers access private markets through our record
-- our recent closed-end fund vehicle, which have up to 25% allocation to alternatives and our accredited
investor solutions. In total, we raised about $5 billion of illiquid alternative flows and commitments in the
quarter, and we continue to steadily deploy that capital for our clients.

Portfolio construction and asset allocation decisions are critical in achieving desired returns, and more
clients are adopting our ETFs as a building block in their portfolios. We generated $58 billion of ETF net
inflows in the third quarter with growth across each of our core strategic and precision product categories,
including strong flows in fixed income as clients sought inflation protection and sources of income.

We crossed $200 billion in ETF inflows year-to-date, exceeding our 2020 full year flows. We are seeing
this momentum across the entire ETF industry as more and more investors discover the convenience, the
efficiency and the transparency that the ETF vehicle has. We see opportunities well beyond the 30 million
people who use our ETFs today and continue to believe in the long-term growth potential for ETFs. And we
will remain confident in our ability to deliver strong organic base fee growth and lead the industry.

In my conversations with clients, I hear about how they are looking to focus on their core business and
partner with select investment managers that have the expertise, the technology, the scale to navigate
the increasingly complex markets. We see outsourcing of portfolio management through OCIO for
institutions and for model portfolios for the wealth managers, both of which are fast-growing areas of
the industry. BlackRock is well-positioned to capture this opportunity and partner with our clients across
our whole portfolio. Few asset managers have the scale and the diversity of offerings to do this, and the
consolidation we have seen in the industry is a further validation of our business model that we've already
built here at BlackRock.

We are also innovating to expand client options for how they participate in proxy voting decisions. Much
like asset allocation and portfolio construction, where some clients now can take an active role, while
others outsource these decisions to us. More of our clients are interested in voting on their index holdings.
This is another great example of One BlackRock effort to further democratize choice for our clients and is
in line with our commitment to provide them with the broadest range of options.

Client demand for more holistic and flexible technology-driven solutions is also increasing. Technology
services grew -- revenues grew by 13% year-over-year as Aladdin's capturing opportunity from industry
shifts. And we are leveraging our user provider model to further evolve Aladdin. The combination of
Aladdin and eFront has been well-received by clients, and we now have over 2 dozen clients using both
across their entire whole portfolios.

As we've done throughout our history, we continue to invest ahead of our clients' needs and evolve
BlackRock to lead in the biggest long-term opportunities of the future. And we are seeing meaningful
progress in executing on these opportunities. In sustainability, momentum remained strong, and we
generated another $31 billion of net inflows across all regions. Active sustainable net inflows of $7 billion
were led by the launch of our ESG capital allocation trust closed-end fund, which Gary mentioned earlier.
As ETFs -- in ETFs, iShares is leading sustainable -- is a leading sustainable provider, capturing nearly 50%
of the industry category inflows year-to-date. In Europe, almost half of all industry flows are now going
into sustainable ETFs, up from less than 10% just 3 years ago.

Clients also want impact-oriented strategies that seek to deliver a targeted environmental or social
outcome. We recently repurposed one of our money market funds to seek positive social outcomes by
supporting a diverse trading ecosystem. BlackRock will also be contributing 5% of our management
fees, net revenues from the funds to support students at historically black colleges and universities and
predominantly black institutions. This fund has already grown more than 40% -- 20% to $4.5 billion since
its conversion in July, and we are proud to work together with our clients to help make a positive impact
on the futures of many diverse students, on the futures of many diverse business owners and in their own
communities.

BlackRock is also supporting clean energy solutions that change the demand curve for hydrocarbons,
which is actually accelerating today in driving energy prices higher. The gap in cost between clean energy
technologies and those that will emit greater amounts of greenhouse gases is still very large for most

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

things, which is why BlackRock is supporting a range of initiatives to help bring down the green premium
of clean energy.

Building on our partnership with Temasek earlier this year to advance a decarbonization solution, the
BlackRock Foundation announced last month, a $100 million grant to breakthrough energy catalyst
program. This grant will help speed the development and commercialization of clean energy technologies.
And BlackRock will provide our investment expertise as the program deploys its financing around the
world.

We have a long history of innovating to help millions of people worldwide improve retirement readiness.
And today, we are the largest investment-only defined contribution provider in the industry with over
$1 trillion of assets under management on behalf of over 7,200 defined contribution plans -- excuse
me, 72,000 defined contribution plans. Our target [ aid ] franchise, LifePath, has seen $23 billion of net
inflows so far this year representing a 9% organic growth rate far in excess and broader in the target date
industry.

And we continue to innovate ahead of the future needs of our clients. We recently announced a significant
milestone in our retirement income solution. LifePath Paycheck. 5 large plan sponsors, whose plan
together represents about $7.5 billion in target date investments, have elected to work with BlackRock to
implement our LifePath Paycheck solution as a default investment option in their investment retirement
plans, subject to necessary approvals and conditions. We remain committed to working alongside our
clients and partners to help more people address the challenges of spending and income in retirement.

We believe that globally integrated financial markets provide people, companies and governments
with better and more efficient access to capital that supports economic growth around the world. This
conviction drives our long-term strategy in China, and it has in every community in every country where
we operate. BlackRock's clients have benefited from our focus on the long term, and we will bring this
perspective to help global clients invest in China and, importantly, to deliver investment solutions to
Chinese investors.

After receiving our FMC and WMC license earlier this year, we launched our first 2 products in the third
quarter, raising over $1 billion in 2 weeks for more than 110,000 investors. This milestone demonstrates
the value proposition of BlackRock's platform and the strength of our partnerships. It also highlights the
start of BlackRock's living its purpose in China by helping more people secure in China a better future and
investing in the long-term and retiring, hopefully, in dignity.

Just as we continue to evolve our business to meet client needs, we also evolve our entire organization.
A key driver of BlackRock success over the years has been our focus and deliberate talent processes on
delivering leaders with a broad range of expertise, a deep commitment to the firm in a One BlackRock
mindset.

This commitment to the evolution also extends to our Board of Directors. We recently elected 2 new
directors to our Board: Beth Ford, President and CEO of Land of the Lake; and Kristin Peck, CEO of Zoetis.
Beth and Kristin are recognized leaders in their respective industries, and they bring a wide range of
valuable perspectives and experiences that will help BlackRock and the Board navigate our future on
behalf of all our shareholders.
Looking ahead, I am confident the investments we are making today will enable us to capture greater
opportunities and to deliver industry-leading growth in the years to come. More immediately, I'm very
excited to welcome our colleagues back to BlackRock's offices in certain parts of the world where we begin
our future work pilot. It's our culture which can't be built or maintained remotely over the long term. That
ensures we can never forget who we are, who we serve. It also helps us in our markets, in our industry
and, most importantly, helps us continue to evolve and experience the constant change of the world.
Having togetherness and connection with all our employees is vital for our culture and vital for serving the
needs of our clients. With that, let's open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just wanted to ask about alternatives, given prospects here for rising yields and interest rates, there's
some fear in the marketplace that this could soften flows into alternative products. So I just would be
curious to hear your perspective on how you see a potential for investor allocations to alternative products
to evolve in a rising rate scenario. And then as you look across your alternatives franchise today, maybe
you could just touch upon some of your recent initiatives on illiquids and just any sort of views on which
you think could be the largest contributor to growth at BlackRock amongst your illiquid products.

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

Well, first of all, hi, Michael, I'm going to let Rob Kapito answer that question.

Robert Steven Kapito
President & Director

So Michael, as you know that we have been involved in the alternatives business in one way or another
for a pretty long time, especially in the retail sector since 1988. And our goal has been to access the retail
area for alternatives by keeping our promises over a long period of time on performance.

So to start with the growth in retail alternatives is certainly compelling as part of our strategy to serve
advisers' whole portfolios. And what we chose to do is bring a diversified product lineup to the retail
alternative investor. So our job is to bring the appropriate wrappers for those products that provide the
solutions to help reshape their portfolio at a period of time when rates and returns have been very low.
And what we've seen them do is move from 1% to 2% of their portfolio to allocations up to 20%.

So year-to-date, just in that sector, we've raised over $24 billion of net inflows, and that's at
approximately 85 basis point average fee rate across what we'll call our retail liquid alternatives and
credit vehicles, and our public-private closed-end fund offerings. So our recent launch of alternatives
portfolio analytics for financial advisers on the web-based BlackRock Advisor Center and the continued
product expansion is going to help us grow with those clients. And in the recent years, as we expanded
our retail alternatives to include private credit and private equity, pre-IPO access to growth equity through
closed-end funds, and we're working to expand our retail alternatives offerings now across real assets,
sustainable and co-investment opportunities.

So just in the closed-end funds alone, we provide a wrapper that will enable us to provide up to $3 billion
and alternatives to them. And just in a summary form, in total, we manage about $180 billion across
liquid and illiquid alts, $29 billion right now in dry powder to invest and deploy, approximately $210 million
of future annual base fees. And including liquid and liquid credit, our platform is now over $310 billion.
We're the top 5 manager in that. And we've built out alternatives platforms and raised another $100
billion of gross capital over the last 5 years, and we expect to raise $100 billion more in the next 3 years.
So just for September year-to-date, we have raised $25 billion of gross capital and deployed $10 billion
and because there is some expectation that rates can rise, still, these are longer-term investments that
have enough spread in it, that I believe that the demand is going to continue for quite a long period of
time. And I think Larry's rate scenario, which you said in the beginning, as rates low for longer, will only
enhance the ability for people to want more alternatives.

Operator

And your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So inflation concerns are clearly everywhere in the area. As you highlighted in your prepared remarks,
that's something you guys are clearly focused on as well. So maybe a 2-part question here. So one,
when it comes to BlackRock's own cost structure, where are you seeing expense growth and margins
heading into '22? We obviously saw you made changes on the salary front last quarter but curious if this
is becoming a bigger issue for sort of total comp and G&A as you think forward. And then secondly, from
a product perspective, what are the strategies you're advising clients to lean into more aggressively into
2022 to protect their portfolios against the upside inflation risk?

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

You take the expense first.

Gary Stephen Shedlin
Senior MD & CFO

Alex, this is Gary. So we're obviously -- we have seen some expense growth, which I think is expected
in the context of the outsized organic base fee growth that we're delivering on the top line. For the third
quarter, our margin obviously was down about 120 basis points versus a year ago. And I'd say there
are a couple of things there that kind of clouded what would have been some operating leverage in the
business.

Really 3 things in particular. One was lower performance fees by year-over-year. If you recall, we had this
discussion last year that performance fees in general hit the P&L at a much higher marginal -- margin than
the rest of the business because there's only really compensation associated with it and no other operating
costs in the business. And so when we see performance fees decline as they did year-over-year, that has
an impact on margin.

Secondly, we had higher contingent consideration fair value adjustments or noncore expense this quarter,
which was related to the Citibanamex final payment, and we had higher intangible amortization. So if you
look at those 3 things, those 3 things really more than offset our margin on a year-over-year basis, where
we would have seen some operating leverage improvement.

In terms of just looking at those individual costs. I mean, when you look at comp, comp is up about
8% year-over-year, Again, that was highly driven by base salaries but not just the midyear that you
saw. Remember, comparing it to a year ago, we'll have normal base salary increases at the beginning
of the year. We have the midyear. Head count is a little higher. We obviously have a period this year
versus where we didn't have it last year. And FX has basically increased the dollar cost of some of that
compensation also. So that's really the main driver with the base salary. But the midyear salary increase
really didn't have that much to do on a year-over-year basis.

On the G&A side, that was up about 30%, but again, a bunch of components there. Technology expense
increased year-over-year, and you will still continue to see that going forward. The primary driver there,
obviously, is technology infrastructure, primarily the ongoing migration of Aladdin to the cloud, which
we're probably about halfway through but we'll be accelerating into next year.

You're also seeing higher portfolio services costs, which, again, is part of our success story in OCIO. So
where you see us winning large outsourced wealth solution mandates, either in Europe or institutional
mandates like the BA Pension Fund or the significant win that we just announced this quarter in APAC and
New Zealand. You're going to see higher portfolio of services cost because not all of those mandates are
managed in-house. We use third-party advisers. When we use third-party advisers, you're seeing those
expenses reflected in that line item of the P&L. It's grossed up on revenues but we also we have to bear
the expense.

And obviously, there's always still some noise that we see year-over-year in our noncore here. We talked
about the Citibanamex payment and higher fund launch costs, which again are, in both cases, associated

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

with higher revenue. Finally, on the direct fund expense side. I think that is purely variable. That is
obviously tied in most part to our growth in our index AUM, which is fundamentally driven by our success
in iShares. That number was up roughly 38% year-over-year, but there's always going to be some noise in
that number as we try to effectively manage that expense on behalf of the fund shareholders.

So in this case, this year, while there are some timing issues, it did reflect some onetime expenses
associated with moving indexes from one provider to a next to try and basically get those at lower cost.
And when you exclude a little bit of the noise, that number was probably up about 31% year-over-year
versus average iShares AUM increase of close to 34%.

So I would say, yes, there's some expense increase. I would say it's less tied to inflation for us than other
players. It's really more tied to continuing to invest for growth. And obviously, if we're able to continue to
deliver organic base fee growth, well in excess of our 5% target, which we've done for the last 6 quarters
in a row to 9% clip, 13% over the last 12 months, we're going to see some elevated expenses to be able
to drive that success.

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

And on the products in a more inflationary environment. I would just clearly tell you that our platform is
large. It's diverse. We're having conversations with clients globally where they should be allocating. I do
believe you're seeing higher allocation towards equities over the last year across our clients' portfolios. As
equities rallied, they did less in terms of rebalancing. The bigger question is how do you allocate across
equities. What is the roll-up in emerging markets?

But I don't think inflation is playing a dominant role in the conversations, even in fixed income where
obviously it's very obvious, long-duration assets are going to be the impacted the most. And so those
clients in fixed income were worried about their duration risk. It could go down into a low duration
product. They could go into various different products with less convexity and less issues. They could go in
some type of inflationary protected type of notes, too. That's not going to be that large.

But the resiliency of our platform really allows us to have that conversation, whether it's in a deflationary
world or in an inflationary world. And I do believe the -- if you look at the geographic dispersion of our
growth, the conversations worldwide represent these types of conversations, what should we think about
inflation; what role should we play; what is the role of alternatives in an inflationary environment; what is
the role of equities and across fixed income. So I actually believe it's the volatility of the global economy
is allowing us to have these robust deep conversations. And I don't think there's one global trend going
in and out of one product because inflationary fears and some clients don't believe in that. Some people
actually believe it's transitory.

So I mean that's the -- I would look at this -- when there is uncertainty and when we're in a transition
period, more clients come to BlackRock than ever before because they're asking those questions. And
I think because of the robustness of our platform, whether it's an index-oriented strategies or active
strategies across the spectrum, we have the ability to work with them across all economic environments.

Operator

Your next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe just switch gears to the sustainable investing growth. I think, Larry, you were -- you made some
comments at a conference on the path to net zero that, but at the current rate, we're not there yet.
Maybe if you can talk about how you think the demand and the capacity for BlackRock to offer impact fund
products, more impact fund products, you already have the carbon readiness and the Temasek JV going
forward. And is that going to be -- should we be thinking of that as a pretty strong organic growth path
going forward?

Laurence Douglas Fink
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

Chairman & CEO

Well, flows in this COVID world that accelerated into sustainable products. Let me give you the context.
I think the global capital markets, public institutions are moving very rapidly to adapt more disclosures
related to sustainability. More clients, including our hydrocarbon clients, are looking to adapt how to
continue to provide hydrocarbons to fit the needs of -- the current needs of our society, but also slowly
adapt in a more sustainable platform, too.

So across the board, we are having very deep and deep conversations. And I must say the conversations
we're having that with the hydrocarbon companies and the hydrocarbon, from chemicals to oil, they are
more robust than ever. They're deeper, they're broader than any other time. And -- but our flows continue
to grow and dominate. We continue to be a dominant leader. Year-to-date, we had about $80 billion of
sustainable inflows. We had $32 billion of those inflows in the third quarter.

When I talked about the shift in finance, we're seeing that. Now specifically on your question related to
impact, this is one of the reasons why we wanted to be a partner in breakthrough energy. We want to
learn more of the science and the new technologies. This is why we partnered in our decarbonization
fund with Temasek. The demand is growing precipitously in terms of clients interested in finding new --
be part of this transition. And so the capital is there. What is not as prevalent or the projects, are the
opportunities.

We are having conversations with universities. We're having conversations with governments across the
board on how can we provide capital. And one of the more dynamic conversations we're having with the
traditional hydrocarbon companies across the board is, how can we partner with them in terms of moving
-- helping them move forward on their sustainable strategies, on their decarbonization strategies, on their
strategies around sequestering of their own carbons?

I mean so many of the big multinational hydrocarbon companies are building new dynamic technology so
they can be the leaders in the sequestering of hydrocarbons of carbons at the same time that they may be
using that to produce more energy at this time. But these are the types of solutions we're having across
the board.

You've heard the questions with my view is we're not moving fast enough. Yes, I think the movement
towards sustainability is very fast and rapid related to public companies. I think regulators worldwide are
asking public companies and banks to do more disclosure. My greatest fear, and I spoke about this in my
Venice speech 3 months ago, is we're creating a hybrid world, a bifurcated world the pressure on public
companies and banks and asset managers are enormous.

We're not putting any pressure on private companies. And there was a great story today in one of the
newspapers about as hydrocarbon companies divested some of their hydrocarbons, the buyers are private
equity firms. Okay. That doesn't change the net-zero world, and that's why I'm saying we're never going
to get to a net-zero world, if we're not moving holistically together public and private.

And then I spoke about, obviously, in editorial today related about the need to invest in the emerging
world. There is huge pools of capital standing by, but there, we are not able to evaluate the first loss piece
in so many of the brownfield investing in the emerging world. And it is estimated the emerging world
needs $1 trillion a year to become more sustainable. As a backdrop, the emerging world minus China
represents 34% of the hydrocarbon output.

And so if we are going to continue at the pace of $150 billion of investments, when there's a need of $1
trillion, we're fooling ourselves are we going to get to a net-zero world. We're going to be fooling ourselves
to getting to a net-zero world if we're only asking public companies. We are fooling ourselves if we believe
by restricting supply with our traditional hydrocarbon companies, that only raises energy costs, which
we're witnessing now. And that is creating not a just transition, which I spoke about in my last 2 CEO
letters.

So we have to be vocal. We have to be forceful about it. BlackRock is a leader in this, and we are seeing
the flows, and I continue to see this big shift in investor portfolios. As they move away from traditional
indexes to more sustainable types of indexes, as they're moving away from different types of strategies

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

and they're moving into these other strategies, we need to accelerate this. We need to accelerate in a way
that we're working with our great hydrocarbon companies, not against them.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.

William Raymond Katz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. Maybe a 2-part question, just keeping in line with that. One is can you maybe peel back a little
bit on why you're so successful in the retirement business. And where do you sort of see the paychecks
opportunity gaining scale and share? And then completely unrelated, but maybe for Gary, how do you
think about the exit fee rate -- base fee rate, just given the divergent beta versus the very strong flow mix
dynamics?

Robert Steven Kapito
President & Director

So Bill, the story is we are able to look at a client's portfolio holistic over the long term, and the focus is
to have our clients be able to retire in dignity. It's not a one-off situation. It's a constant look at a portfolio
over a period of interest rates and solve the problem with the appropriate wrappers and products. We
have the scale of products, we have the performance, we have the wrappers. So honestly, it is the focus.
A significant portion of all of BlackRock's assets are dedicated to retirement. This is what we do. And
when we dovetail that into the analytics that we could provide, we really can fulfill the entire gamut of
retirement. So it's product, performance and technology and focus on what we think is the most important
business that there is in the world is keeping our promises to clients so they can retire in dignity.

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

So Bill, I would add one more thing that Rob was talking about. I think our consistency of messaging to
our clients across many, many years. And we've built a deep relationship with the clients. And I don't
believe our 9% growth rate is a onetime thing. I think we continue to be growing our presence in this
market. We continue to try to be an innovator, whether it's the LifePath Paycheck or -- which now we
LifePath Paycheck about $340 billion. I'm sorry, that's our target date and LifePath Paycheck, our most
recent growth.

So I look -- I think conversations have never been broader, more robust, and we continue to drive these
conversations. I believe more and more of the large plans are looking to BlackRock for that type of advice,
that type of handholding. And I believe more than ever before, especially in this world of need for more
employees, the need to build deeper relationships with our employees, I believe the conversations at
every corporation now, in how to create better connectivity with their employees, is becoming a broader
conversation than we've ever seen in the last 20 years.

I think the companies that have deeper connections, they better -- a better retirement plan, better
health care plans, better health care plans are the companies that are driving more consistency with their
employees, less higher retention rates. So I truly believe this is going -- this is one of those transitory
things that are happening. And I think it's catching a lot of organizations by surprise now, the fluidity of
employees moving from one economy to another economy, moving to one business to another business.
And I truly believe this refocus on the needs of the employees in retirement is a major component of that
refocus, is going to be a larger and more dominant theme.

And I think this is -- when I talk about this, we're in this transition now, I think many corporations are
surprised at this. I think COVID and how we work remotely, people feel -- many people want to work
remotely. They feel differently about their work-life balance. This is all transforming our society in many
ways, in a great way, but we're in this transition. And some industries are going to be huge winners in this
and some industries are going to be losers of this.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

But most importantly, I think the common thing, those companies that are working with their employees
with purpose, building a deeper, broader connectivity with their employees, they're retaining their
employees with greater regularity, and importantly, they're able to attract the best and the brightest.
And we're seeing that more and more. And our conversations about business purpose and stakeholder
capitalism, I think it resonates with our corporate clients who have these defined contribution plans, and
they're asking us how to create that greater depth of robustness. And then you overlay what we're trying
to do related to innovation. I think it really is a compelling story why BlackRock.

Robert Steven Kapito
President & Director

And Bill, on your second question, which I think was about fee rates going into the fourth quarter. We
generally don't provide a lot of guidance on that. I'll leave that to you guys. But I will say a couple of
things on that. Obviously, you'll see that the spot rate entering the fourth quarter was moderately lower
but not a big deal in average assets for the third quarter. So I think we're probably about the same.

But I would direct you towards Page 5 of our supplement. I think, obviously, a lot of things go into the fee
rate. And in fact, I'd say that from an organic growth perspective, every month of the third quarter was
generally -- was very consistent. So it wasn't like we saw a lot of volatility in terms of our organic growth.
But clearly, you do see some differences in the spot rates in terms of markets relative to the average
rates. And you'll clearly see there that, as we've talked about in terms of diversion equity beta, we did see
an acceleration of in terms of the decline of certain emerging markets as we got to the end of the third
quarter.

And I think you'll see that on the supplement, where some of our higher fee markets in Asia, the emerging
markets and commodities in particular, are all down roughly -- somewhere around mid- to high single
digits, with actually the BlackRock equity index on a spot basis down about 3%. So no question that we
did see diversion beta accelerate into the end of the quarter. But again, given some of the other stuff,
I think that might have a moderate -- very moderate impact on the fee rate, but I don't think anything
significant.

Operator

And your last question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.

Robert Andrew Lee
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Great. Maybe real quickly. This goes back to the maybe alternatives business. And I was interested on the
AEL win, the $50 billion obviously will be sadly but a big win. But can you maybe talk about what you're
seeing and how you built your position in the insurance market? Insurance has always been a big client
where you see more CIOs are building their exposures. I mean do you feel you have the right product set
as the new insurance industry as they look to expand their infrastructure credit and whatnot? I mean just
kind of get a better feel for how you're tackling that front. That's it.

Robert Steven Kapito
President & Director

So Gary and I will barbell this. We're seeing -- the insurance portfolios have always had an allocation to
what we're all tolling alternatives. But as the alternative packages have become much more complicated,
certainly, the technology and the management of those is not really caught up. So we're being asked by
insurance companies who have determined that, in many cases, it would be better and cheaper, faster
with the technology to outsource many of those investments. And of course, that's a very, very big part of
our platform.

And we are being called in more and more to be a partner with insurance companies on their portfolio
overall. And it's a huge growth area for us with Aladdin because the technology has not kept place. So
we're seeing a lot of interest from the insurance companies, and it spans the growth from private credit,
especially real estate and infrastructure. And those are 3 areas that we've spent a lot of time developing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

And certainly, in Aladdin, our ability there is second to none. So it's become a bigger opportunity for us in
the last year or so.

Gary Stephen Shedlin
Senior MD & CFO

I couldn't agree more. So our big business today, obviously, is in excess of $450-plus billion. You
mentioned AEL, which is -- which we'll fund in the fourth quarter, very significant mandate. And I think
Rob is right, portfolio resilience, diversification portfolio construction, which takes advantage of our great
performance in core fixed income, our increasing momentum and capabilities across the breadth of private
markets and leveraging technology. So I think there's no question.

I would say it's resonating well beyond just insurance companies because we're seeing it. Obviously, we've
seen the British Air pension. We've seen a number of outsourced wealth solutions in Europe, where I think
all of these things have strong applicability, and we're seeing obviously increased momentum in our broad-
based multi-asset capabilities that you're seeing come through and our quarterly results. So thanks for the
question, Rob.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing
remarks?

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, operator. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your interest at
BlackRock. Our third quarter results again is the direct results of our steadfast commitment in serving
our clients, listening to our clients, responding to our clients and hopefully staying in front of our clients'
needs so we could be with them as they evolve and change. I see -- as large of opportunity ahead of
BlackRock than ever, and BlackRock's focus remains on investing in our people, on our communities where
we operate across the world and in our platform. And most importantly, as we continue to stay ahead of
our clients' future needs, we will continue to be driving excellence on behalf of all of our shareholders.
With that, thank you. Hopefully, everyone will have a safe and healthy fourth quarter.

Operator
This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

