Booking Holdings Inc. NasdaqGS:BKNG
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 24, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

(4.22)

(0.57)

NM

(2.54)

3.02

4.71

55.96

57.25

1161.14

1238.00

6.62

1391.33

6752.32

6796.00

0.65

10183.61

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-22-2021 10:00 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

CONSENSUS

5.14

(11.58)

14.24

(4.22)

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

3.77

(10.81)

12.27

(0.57)

SURPRISE

(26.65 %)

NM

(13.83 %)

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Douglas Till Anmuth
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jason Boisvert Bazinet
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Justin Post
BofA Securities, Research Division

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Lloyd Wharton Walmsley
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Naved Ahmad Khan
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

X. Lu
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Booking Holdings' Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to
remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to
the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties
and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those
expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or
expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify
forward-looking statements.

For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those
described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end
of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation
to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise.

A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release together with an accompanying financial
and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website,
www.bookingholdings.com.

And now I would like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David
Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' Fourth Quarter Conference Call. I'm joined this afternoon by
our CFO, David Goulden.

Despite a travel environment that continues to be very challenging, we closed out 2020 by delivering
fourth quarter results that were a bit better than the expectations we talked about on our last earnings
call. David will provide the details on the fourth quarter results in his remarks. For my time, I will first
briefly reflect on our execution during the extremely difficult year of 2020. Then I will share our thoughts
and strategic priorities for 2021 and beyond.

Without a doubt, 2020 presented the biggest disruption to modern global travel the world has ever seen,
and our results for full year 2020 were down substantially from 2019. However, travelers still booked
355 million room nights through our platforms during 2020, and we remained profitable by generating
approximately $880 million in adjusted EBITDA. Delivering these results during this unprecedented and
unpredictable year is a credit to our team's relentless efforts to provide the best value and service to our
traveler customers and to our supply partners, while all the time remaining incredibly focused on operating
efficiently.

When we spoke to you on our earnings call in May of 2020, we outlined a series of plans that would
help us navigate through the COVID-19 crisis. First, we said we would stabilize the business from the
immediate shock of the crisis. Second, we said we would optimize the business for the expected decrease
in travel demand over the next few years. And third, we said we would position the business to be able to
capture travel demand when it returns. Based on our accomplishments in 2020, I can confidently say that
we executed well against these plans.

In the beginning of the crisis, we successfully stabilized the business by taking several immediate steps,
including quickly closing offices and smoothly transitioning to a distributed work environment to protect
the health and safety of our employees, which was and continues to be a top priority; working closely with

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

travelers and supply partners to process the unprecedented level of travel changes and cancellations; and
bolstering liquidity and preserving cash by halting stock buybacks, cutting nonessential costs and raising
over $4 billion in capital through a debt offering. Then we began the process and have almost entirely
completed our work to optimize the business for the decrease in travel demand through the restructuring
actions we have taken at each of our brands across the company.

As a result of these actions, our 2020 year-end headcount decreased approximately 23% versus 2019,
primarily in volume-related positions. We expect these reductions to result in annualized cost savings of
about $370 million in personnel expenses, with about $110 million of savings recognized in 2020. While
our work is never done in terms of finding opportunities for cost efficiencies, we believe that headcount
reductions needed to optimize the business for the current demand environment are now generally behind
us.

Finally, we believe we have positioned the business well for when travel demand returns. We continue to
make progress against our key strategic priorities during 2020, and this progress has continued as we
have moved into 2021. We remain active in performance marketing channels and are being agile and
adapting our approach to this very uncertain environment. And we will leverage our learnings over the
past year to continue to capture demand in these performance channels at appropriate ROIs. In addition,
our marketing team has been working hard to develop campaigns and messaging that we will deploy when
we believe the time is right to encourage people to travel once again and use our services.

As we think ahead about 2021, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the exact shape and timing
of the recovery for travel. The rate of recovery will depend heavily on the rate of new COVID-19 cases,
including new potentially more transmissible and more dangerous variants, and on the timing of effective
and broad-based vaccine distribution, which we believe will be a key step in helping people feel safe to
travel again.

We are tracking early signs of encouraging summer booking trends in Western Europe, primarily the U.K.
and Germany, relative to what we are seeing globally, although in each case, gross booking levels are
still below where we were at the same point in time in 2019. While seeing green shoots of the summer
booking season's positive, it's uncertain whether these trends will continue and whether we'll see this
summer booking strength expand into other countries and regions, and of course, whether these advanced
bookings will turn into stayed room nights or will be canceled. What would be most helpful would be
continued government action around the world to accelerate vaccine distribution while providing direct and
indirect support to the entire travel and hospitality industry.

Additionally, international travel remains extremely depressed, and a recovery will not be possible until
government restrictions on international travel are lifted or modified so travelers, who can show they
are safe travelers, are allowed to travel freely. As you know, our international business has been a great
advantage for us historically, and we expect it will be in the future, but we anticipate this to be a longer
recovery.

We know that people have a very strong desire to travel. We saw this firsthand in 2020 when we
witnessed a strong improvement in our booking trends from the lows in April through the peak summer
travel season, driven in part by pent-up demand as people came out of lockdowns. The travel that was
booked last year was much more domestic-oriented than in prior years as many people adapted to the
restrictive travel environment and still found a way to take a trip. With many travel restrictions now in
place around the world, we believe there is once again a high level of pent-up demand for travel. But
when this demand will be fully unlocked is, of course, difficult to predict and will depend on vaccination
rates and other factors.

While the timing of the pickup in travel demand is beyond our control, we are focused on the things we
can control, primarily better positioning our business by continuing to invest and execute against our key
strategic priorities, including expanding the payment platform at Booking.com, building out our connected
trip capabilities and growing our market share in the United States. Our integrated payment platform
at Booking.com provides payment options favored by both travelers and our supplier partners across
hotels, alternative accommodations, cars, flights and attractions. It is strategically important as it enables
merchandising capabilities that we haven't had access to historically at Booking.com, but we expect to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

utilize selectively in the future to help drive growth. In addition, this payment platform is foundational for
enabling our connected trip strategy.

We continue to make progress expanding the payment platform with approximately 22% of Booking.com's
gross bookings in 2020 processed on the platform. This is up from approximately 15% in 2019 and was
less than 4% back in 2017, so this is a dramatic shift in our large-scale business. We are optimistic about
recent improvements in our Booking.com U.S. payment platform, which will enable increased utilization of
payments in this critical market. We expect to see a higher percentage of Booking.com's gross bookings
processed on the payment platform in 2021 as compared to 2020 and expect these increases to continue
beyond 2021.

Our connected trip vision is a multiproduct offering, including accommodations, flight, ground
transportation and attractions and dining, connected by our seamless payment network and ultimately
supported by personalized intelligence, to provide a frictionless experience for our bookers all the
way from the initial booking to experiencing their trip. We're building towards this vision because we
believe the connected trip will drive increased loyalty and frequency and will enhance the growth of
our accommodation business through additional customer acquisition and merchandising opportunities.
Developing a robust flight product at Booking.com remains an important strategic component of the
connected trip, as it gives us the ability to engage with flight bookers early in their travel journey and
allows us an opportunity to cross-sell our accommodation and other products to those bookers. In the
coming years, we expect flights will represent an increasing mix of our overall business, which will help
drive incremental revenue and EBITDA dollars.

As mentioned in the past, growing our share of the U.S. travel market remains a key strategic priority
for our company, as the U.S. is one of the largest travel markets in the world and we have historically
underindexed there. We are taking several steps to increase our competitiveness in the U.S. market
and are focused on making sure we are offering great value to our customers, improving our payments
platform to enable bundling and merchandising opportunities, increasing overall consumer awareness of
our Booking.com through marketing and expanding our alternative accommodations supply. While we
have built a large and competitive alternative accommodations business globally, we believe we have a
significant opportunity for improvement in the United States, which will involve product improvements,
supply acquisition and raising consumer awareness of this type of inventory on Booking.com.

Continuing to invest and execute against these 3 strategic priorities as well as capturing demand as
travel recovers will be our focus in 2021. We believe successful implementation of these priorities is key
to achieving higher growth rates, increasing market share, and eventually building a larger business
with higher earnings than we had prior to COVID. We expect this larger business to have a higher mix of
merchant transactions and non-accommodation products, both of which will negatively impact our EBITDA
margin rates, but we expect it to continue to lead the travel industry in this metric.

Finally, I want to address the European Commission's initial proposal for the Digital Markets Act and Digital
Services Act released in December. The European Commission has proposed regulations aimed at keeping
markets fair and open, which is an ambition that we support. However, at the present time, it is not known
for certain what the ultimate rules will be, how they might be applied or what the impact will be on us and
other market participants. We are engaged with stakeholders to work towards regulations that tackle the
legitimate problems of the large gatekeepers in the digital economy, of which we believe we are not one.
We'll update you in the area during future calls.

In conclusion, there are still tough days ahead of us and everyone in the travel industry. COVID case
counts remain high, and the wider global distribution of vaccines is still too slow. However, I am more
confident than ever in our long-term future, and we will at some point see a strong recovery in travel
demand. I further believe that our company is very well positioned to capture this demand as it comes
back. In the meantime, we will focus on what we can control, namely, investing in our business and
executing against our strategic priorities to ensure we exit this crisis on a strong footing, which will enable
us to build a larger and faster-growing business for the long run.

I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll review our operating results for the fourth quarter, provide
some color on the trends we've seen so far in the first quarter and then discuss our expectations for 2021
and our longer-term operating model. To avoid the comparison to the initial spread of the pandemic in
2020, all growth rates for 2020 and 2021 are relative to comparable periods in 2019, unless otherwise
indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our
earnings release. Now on to the results for the fourth quarter.

On our November earnings call, we discussed the trends we saw throughout the third quarter and into
early November, including the year-on-year decline in reported room nights worsening from about 43%
in the third quarter to about 58% in October, and then further deteriorating to about 70% over the 7
days leading up to our November earnings call, driven by rising COVID case counts and many European
countries and governments beginning to respond with impositions of travel restrictions. As a reminder,
reported room nights include the impact of cancellations.

The worsening trends we saw in early November improved a little, resulting in our reported room
nights declining 60% for the fourth quarter. November proved to be the low point for the quarter. The
decline in room night growth rates versus Q3 were driven by Europe, where growth rates declined quite
considerably. Looking across the other regions, North America were similar to Q3. And Asia and the rest
of world both improved compared to Q3. North America was the strongest region in Q4 with a significantly
lower year-on-year decline in room nights than the other regions.

Mobile bookings, particularly through our apps, continued to gain share in the fourth quarter and
represented over 2/3 of our total room nights in Q4 and about 2/3 of 2020. We continue to -- we also
continue to see growth in 50% of our total room nights come to us through the direct channel.

Domestic room nights represented about 85% of our reported room nights in Q4, up significantly versus
2019, which was just below 50%. Our cancellation rates continue to be up year-over-year in the fourth
quarter and also increased versus Q3.

We continue to monitor other changes in Booking.com's customer booking behavior. The mix of customers
booking alternative accommodations in Q4 were slightly lower than Q4 2019, while the full year was up
slightly versus 2019. The slight decline in the overall mix of alternative accommodations in Q4 was due
to the underperformance of the European region, which is where we have our highest mix of alternative
accommodations. The mix of alternative accommodations continues to increase year-over-year within
Europe in Q4. Booking.com's alternative accommodations represented about 30% of its reported room
nights for the full year 2020.

The booking window contracted versus 2019 in the fourth quarter at about the same rate as we saw in the
third quarter, as customers continued to focus mainly on their short-term travel needs. Gross bookings
declined 65% in Q4, which is a great decline in reported room nights due to the average daily rates for
accommodations decreasing about 15% year-over-year on a constant currency basis.

Consolidated revenue for the fourth quarter was $1.2 billion and decreased 63% year-over-year. As we
expected, revenue in the quarter was less negatively impacted than gross bookings due to the fact that
revenue benefited from check-ins in Q4 from bookings we received in the relatively strong third quarter.

Our full year revenue is also significantly less impacted than our gross bookings, driven by the differences
in the timing between bookings and revenue, which is recognized at check-in, primarily related to 2019
bookings that checked in, in Q1 2020. As a result of these timing factors, our full year revenue as a
percent of gross bookings was 19.2%, which is significantly higher than the 15.6% in 2019 and 2018. If
our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings in 2020 had been in line with 2019, revenue would have
been more than $1 billion lower for the full year. The difference between 15.6% and 19.2% is all entirely
explained by this timing difference.

The 63% reduction in revenue resulted in an adjusted EBITDA loss of $38 million in the fourth quarter.
While we significantly reduced our variable expense lines like marketing, sales and other, our more fixed

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

expenses decreased to a lesser extent in Q4. As Glenn mentioned, we've almost entirely completed our
restructuring actions to reduce personnel expenses to align our cost structure with the new demand
environments. The [ savings ] recognized in our personnel expense line related to these actions was
about $70 million in Q4 and about $110 million for the full year. We recorded charges of $74 million and
$149 million related to these actions in the restructuring and other exit costs line for Q4 and the full year,
respectively.

Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line, decreased 61% year-over-year as we
saw a significant reduction in demand in the paid channels. In addition, we substantially reduced our
brand marketing spend in response to the diminished travel demand environment. Sales and other
expenses decreased 45% year-over-year, primarily due to reduction in expenses associated with payment
transactions, partially offset by a mix shift in customer service to outsourced call centers.

Personnel expenses decreased 13% year-over-year, primarily due to restructuring actions I mentioned
previously. G&A expenses decreased 36% year-over-year largely driven by reduced discretionary spend
in such areas as T&E, lower indirect taxes and lower office expenses due to employees working remotely.
Information technology expenses were up 1% year-over-year in the fourth quarter due to investments in
software license fees related to cybersecurity and privacy software.

Finally, we've broken out restructuring charges separately in operating expenses in the P&L. And I note
that these restructuring charges are included in our non-GAAP results.

We recorded a non-GAAP net loss of $23 million in the quarter. Our full year non-GAAP tax rate of 42%
was meaningfully higher than our 2019 tax rate of 19% due to the greater impact of nontax deductible
expenses on a lower base of earnings as well as the geographical distribution of earnings and losses. Our
Q4 non-GAAP tax rate was driven by a change in our full year tax provision following better-than-expected
pretax results in the fourth quarter.

On a GAAP basis, we had an operating loss of $153 million in Q4. We recorded a GAAP net loss of
$165 million in the quarter as the benefit from an unrealized $553 million pretax gain on our equity
investments, primarily related to our investment in Meituan, was offset by income tax expenses of $410
million, $98 million of interest expense, and $61 million of FX remeasurement losses on our Eurobond. We
excluded the unrealized gains and the related losses from our non-GAAP results.

The $410 million of income tax expenses is primarily due to the discrete tax expense related to the
Meituan unrealized gain and the change in our full year tax provision following better-than-expected
results in the fourth quarter. Our full year GAAP tax rate of 90% was meaningfully higher than our 2019
tax rate of 18% due to reasons mentioned for our non-GAAP tax rate, with the nondeductible goodwill
impairment charge driving additional significant impacts.

Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q4 ending cash and investment balance decreased to $14.8
billion from our September ending balance of $14.9 billion due to an operating cash outflow, largely offset
by the unrealized gains on our long-term investments. We had a $557 million operating cash outflow in
the quarter driven primarily by changes in working capital, which represented a use of cash of about $400
million in the quarter as well as the net loss recorded in the quarter. The change in working capital driven
by seasonal effects that were amplified by the slowdown in bookings from Q3.

We will continue to focus on maintaining a strong liquidity position, given the high level of uncertainty
created by the COVID pandemic. And consistent with our comments last quarter, we've halted repurchases
of our stock, and we will not initiate repurchases until we have better visibility into the shape and timing of
a recovery.

Now onto our thoughts for the first quarter. And to remind you, we'll make comparisons with 2019 unless
otherwise indicated. There continues to be considerable uncertainty about the shape and timing of the
recovery for travel, which means we're unable to provide detailed guidance at this time. January room
night declines were slightly worse than Q4, driven by the increasing spread of COVID-19, including the
new strains with associated additional travel restrictions. However, starting in the middle of January, we
saw an improvement in room night declines driven by domestic travel bookings in most parts of the world.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

And we've seen this improvement continue into February. In recent weeks, some regions have improved
back to positive domestic room night growth. While difficult to predict with accuracy, if the domestic room
night trends continue to improve, Q1 room night declines could be a few percentage points better than
Q4. To give you a snapshot of what we're seeing recently, room night declines over the last 7 days were
about 50%.

In Q1, the overall booking window has contracted versus 2019, although to a lesser extent than we
saw in the fourth quarter. In Western Europe, in January, we saw an expansion of the booking window
versus 2019. And we've seen this expansion continue into February as the share of further out bookings,
including those for summer travel, has increased. As Glenn noted in Western Europe, particularly in the
U.K. and Germany, we have recently seen stronger summer booking trends relative to what we're seeing
globally. And in these countries, gross bookings for summer period are within 25% of where they were
at the same time in 2019. These stronger booking trends in Western Europe are currently being offset by
weaker near-term booking trends in the region due to extensive travel restrictions. And we remind you
that the significant majority of the summer bookings are cancelable.

We're also encouraged to see that some countries are making notable progress with vaccinations,
including Israel, UAE and the U.K. We are confident that when vaccinations are broadly available and when
travel restrictions are lifted, people will return to travel. We saw this happen recently in Israel, where
vaccination rates are the highest in the world. And after the national lockdown within Israel was eased on
February 7, we quickly saw domestic bookings return to solid double-digit growth versus the same period
in 2019.

Turning to the income statement. As I said, we expect Q1 room nights -- Q1 room night declines could
be a few percentage points better than Q4. We expect Q1 gross bookings to decline a few percentage
points more than room nights due to continued pressure on local currency ADRs. We expect Q1 revenue
to decline slightly more than gross bookings, assuming bookings continue to improve for the rest of the
quarter.

We expect margin expense in Q1 will decline at the same level as gross bookings. We expect sales and
other expenses in Q1 will be similar to what they were in Q4 on a dollar basis, with some variability based
upon where Q1 volumes land.

We expect personnel expenses in Q1 will be slightly higher than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis,
primarily due to increased SBC expenses and seasonal increase in benefit costs, partially offset by a higher
amount of savings in Q1 related to restructuring actions we've taken. We expect that almost the full run
rate from our personnel restructurings will be realized in Q1.

We expect G&A expenses in Q1 will be about the same as they were in Q4 on a dollar basis. We expect the
IT expenses will be higher than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis, primarily due to increased investments
in security, data privacy and some operational system enhancements. We currently estimate the remaining
restructuring charge related to actions in Booking.com will be about $40 million. And we expect to record
more than half of these remaining charges in the first quarter. About half of the $40 million relates to
personnel-related actions, and the other half relates to real estate. Given what we just explained, and
reminding you that Q1 is our seasonally lowest-revenue quarter, we expect to report a greater EBITDA
loss in Q1 than in Q4.

For the full year 2021, I want to briefly walk you through some factors that we expect will impact our top
line operating margins for the year. We expect the environment of travel to improve in -- during 2021,
but the shape and timing of that recovery remains uncertain. We expect occupancy rates to remain below
where they were pre-COVID, putting continued negative pressure on ADRs, which will result in our gross
bookings being lower than our room nights.

As I noted earlier, our revenue was less negatively impacted than our gross bookings in 2020 due to
timing factors, which benefited our 2020 revenue by more than $1 billion. The opposite dynamic will
happen when we experience an acceleration in bookings, which will lead to our gross bookings recurring
faster than revenue. Said another way, if we see this acceleration in 2021, there will be more bookings
made in 2021 that will check in, in 2022, than there were bookings made in 2020 that checked in, in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

2021. This timing factor could have a meaningfully negative impact on our revenue as a percentage of
gross bookings. So exactly how meaningful this impact will be depends upon how quickly our room nights
and gross bookings accelerate in 2021.

Due to these differences in the timing of bookings versus check in, we also expect deleverage in our
marketing expenses in 2021 as we incur the majority of our market expenses at the time of booking. The
most significant expense items in sales and other are payment processing costs and outsourced customer
service expenses. We expect sales and other to be lower in 2021 than in 2019, but the reduction will be
smaller than the reduction in revenue.

A few comments to help you think about our less variable expenses for 2021 and how they'll most likely
compare with 2019. We expect G&A to be down double digits versus 2019 driven by T&E, office and
occupancy expenses, with some variability from DST taxes if new ones are enacted during the year.

Personnel expenses are likely to be quite similar to 2019 on a dollar basis. To help you understand this
better, there are a few factors that contribute towards this. Our personnel expense run rate immediately
before COVID hit was about $200 million higher than 2019 actual personnel expenses. Less than half
of this was the annualization of people expense we added during 2019. And the rest was from people
expense added into the business in the first quarter of 2020.

Our restructuring actions will reduce headcount expenses by approximately $370 million. So the impact
of these 2 together will be to reduce personnel expenses by $170 million versus 2019. As we continue
to invest in the business, we expect 2021 year-end headcount to be a little higher than at the end of
2020, with a mix shift towards pro and technical positions. This will add about $100 million in personnel
expenses in 2021.

And finally, SBC is expected to be higher than 2019 due to a few factors, including the modification of
some stock awards in Q1 2021 and the issuance of stock options in 2020. Finally, IT expenses in 2021 will
be higher than in 2019 due to investments in security, privacy and operational system enhancements to
support our connected trip strategy.

As we think beyond 2021, we're looking forward to being a larger business with more diverse offerings and
with more earnings than we have prior to COVID. We're also focused on the potential for higher growth
and market share. We continue to believe that it would be years and not quarters before travel returns to
pre-COVID-19 levels. And when considering the shape of the business at that time, I'd like to draw your
attention to 2 factors.

The first is a mix shift within the business. The continued growth of payments and the growth of flights
and other connected verticals will add revenue and EBITDA, but at much lower margin rates than
traditional accommodations. Payments will add to revenue with offsetting expenses in sales and other,
plus some additional personnel and other expenses. Flights and other connected trip verticals will add
to bookings and revenue, but at lower take rates than accommodations, and will also require added
personnel and other expenses as this business scales.

The second is personnel. The restructuring actions we took in 2020 were mainly in volume-related
functions, including customer service and credit collection. This means that as volumes grow beyond the
levels we expect in 2021, we'll need to add expenses back to business. As we've mentioned before, we'll
look to do this in cost-efficient ways, but the work will come back.

We think it's important to include these considerations when thinking about the future shape of the
business. As Glenn said, we expect to continue to have industry-leading EBITDA margin rates, albeit most
likely at levels below those in 2019.

In conclusion, we remain focused on what we can control and continue to execute against our strategic
priorities. We're now more confident than ever that through these actions, we will emerge from this crisis
in a stronger position.
We'll now take your questions. And Grace, I'll turn it over to you to open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.

Lloyd Wharton Walmsley
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I guess a couple, first, just following up on those last comments you made, David, on margins. I guess,
obviously, a lot of the reductions you've seen, as you said, been kind of variable related to business. Are
there -- is there anything that you're kind of just learning to do better or more efficiently that might result
in kind of better cost line items as a percent of revenue coming out of this on the other side?

And then I guess the second one, curious if you guys expect any impact to your performance marketing
spend efficacy from kind of upcoming changes in Apple's iOS 14 that may impact retargeting. Anything
you guys expect there?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Why don't I take the first one? And then, Glenn, we'll see if you want to take a start on the second one.

So on the efficiency side, we're always looking for ways to become more efficient within the business. As
I mentioned, we have reduced these variable costs to the tune of about $370 million. As they come back,
we will look at more efficient ways of getting that work done. The work will come back. It won't come back
this year. We basically rightsized ourselves through what we think will be through 2021. But as volumes
extend beyond what we think 2021 is likely to bring, those costs will come back. So we will look at more
efficient ways to do some of those variable activities in terms of location, technology, what we do inside or
where we deploy more partner resources, et cetera.

And we also, Lloyd, continue to look at how we can drive efficiency in our fixed costs part of the business.
That's not been the major focus for the last 12 months. The major focus has been surviving COVID. I think
we've done a good job with that. But we do continue to kind of look at our costs across our personnel
base, across our real estate, across our technology portfolios, across things like procurement, where we
can continue to drive efficiencies within the business. So when we get to a more normalized environment,
that's something else we can also take a look at driving as well.

And Glenn?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

And Lloyd, your question's a good one because we continue to see changes not only by companies like
Apple making changes as you just mentioned, but Google doing differences and governments certainly
talking about laws and regulations about cookies and all sorts of things that impact different ways that
people do marketing, in particular performance marketing, and different things. And that can impact
companies certainly in the short term, and we're all just looking and trying to evaluate what do we think
this will mean for any one of these things and [ how we do it ].

But the thing I'd really focus on is that change can also be good. We believe that we have some of the
best marketing people in the world in terms of digital marketing. So when changes happen, we can make
adjustments. We can make changes. We can do things faster and better. And we have so much data to
test with that we believe we can actually come out of these things sometimes better off than we were in
the past.

So right now, there's nothing I can say in terms of impact or not, except to -- so far as to say we've been
adapting and changing. And this world of digital market has been changing for 20 years, and we've kept

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

on top of it. And so I'm so confident that we'll be able to make any adjustments we need to make for the
future.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America.

Justin Post
BofA Securities, Research Division

A couple of questions. First, Airbnb's success has been hard to miss, but just wondering how you think
about your market share within Europe and your position with larger hosts maybe than smaller individual
hosts, and what that means in a recovery.

And then secondly, Glenn, would love to hear about your thoughts on suppliers. Obviously, a lot of pain in
the travel industry. How can you help suppliers in the recovery? And do you think you'll be getting more
promotional activity from suppliers, maybe better take rates? Anything we could think about on that front?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So in regards to the home or alternative accommodations as we like to call it in Europe, I don't think
we've talked much about regional exact share, and I'm not going to here. But I certainly -- we talked a
little bit how Europe is our stronghold in that area. We're better there in the home area than other areas.

But throughout the world, I think I can say to you that we are better in things that are less single
property. We always want to increase the single property because we know that's an area where we can
improve upon. So that is an issue right now. And with the pandemic, there certainly was a bit of a shift,
for some people, that they wanted to be isolated away from other people. So certainly, there was more
demand than in the past for the single-home area. That showed up much more in the U.S. for us, say,
than Europe. Because Europe, we do have -- a greater amount of our home supply is the single property
than, say, in the U.S.

Look, it's an area we're going to continue to focus on, and I do believe right now in the environment there
is that is a great product to have up on the shelf. That being said, in the future, we'll see how much that
maintains or things go back more towards they used to be, where there's a different split between homes
and hotels.

In regard to your second question about relationship with hotel suppliers, obviously, we're doing
everything we can to help our partners. And that's coming up with new ways to -- come up with
promotions that they want to do. Telling them when we think there are spots in demand that they can
come up with different types of closed user group prices that can help get them more demand. Coming
out with ways that they can put together things in content in terms of safety and health, so that a traveler
who looks on our site and sees their hotel and sees that it's a safe place to go, do all different things with
them to try and improve their business.

It's very difficult right now as you know, though, because let's face it, unless there's demand, you can
have the greatest content in the world, but if people don't feel it's time to travel, they're not going to
travel. But we're going to continue to do that.

I do believe in terms of relationships, certainly as a distributor, when there is less demand, we are more
valuable as a partner to them. In the time when there's very, very high occupancy rates, any hotel will
say, "Well, I don't need the distributor nearly as much." But when they don't have as much occupancy
rate, then they start looking for demand, and we have the benefit of being the largest platform for hotel
demand in the world. So we are the place for them to come and get some more of that incremental
demand, and we're continuing to work with them to make sure they do their best to get it.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I just had some follow-ups on your comments about gaining market share in the U.S. Can you talk more
about your focus there? Do you consider it an increasing priority for the company compared to the past
year or 2? And on the marketing side of that, that you mentioned, do you anticipate being focused more
on brand or performance marketing?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Well, let me start with the first one, Kevin. We absolutely have begun to focus more on the U.S. It's always
been a priority, so don't get me wrong in that area. But certainly, we've made a couple of changes where
we're focusing more specifically in the U.S.

As we scaled the company over many, many years, we had a very global approach, and we tried not
to make changes solely for any particular market. Really believing that scaling the business, keeping
everything the same was the best way to achieve a very, very large, global share of the business. That
being said, we've come to a state where we recognize that we're continuing to be underindexed in the
U.S. and maybe we need to make some changes there, which we are doing. And I think that we will make
some progress in that.

In terms of whether we're going to do it in brand or in terms of performance marketing, I'm not going
to give away the playbook here. I will say though, we absolutely are doing the things I talked about in
my prepared remarks in terms -- obviously, we do want to increase awareness. We obviously want to
increase the total amount of supply, increase our alternative accommodations, doing all the things that are
necessary to make sure we are getting the share of the business that we believe we should be getting.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. That's great. And then just a quick clarification on the statistics you gave about the past week
being down 50%. Is that a -- year-over-year numbers? And if you're looking at 2020, were those numbers
affected by the initial COVID waves at all?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Kevin, not -- as I said, everything is a year over 2 years number. So we...

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Perfect.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Everything I gave you was -- because that way, you can make a direct comparison with how things are
doing relative to how they were doing in Q4 and continue this trend line. You can do the math yourself to
figure out what it meant on a year-over-year basis. But it was a year on 2 year number, everything was.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Perfect. And the regional numbers that you gave, was that based on where the accommodation is located
or where the customer is located?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

We gave you regional flavor, not color. That is typically based upon where the customer is located. It's a
booker region view.

Operator

Next up, we have Eric Sheridan from UBS.

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe 2, if I can. Following up on the comments you've made around brand and maybe some of the
changes we'll see in digital advertising, whether it be first-party data or third-party data. How important
do you see the concept of sort of aligning your brand with consumer? Maybe even building greater depth
in loyalty and rewards programs going forward, especially if you're aiming against sort of a wider revenue
pull and a wider product set. I'd love to get your thoughts there, Glenn.

And where the world has begun to open up a little bit, where you have some exposure, can you give us
a little bit of sense of how you've -- sort of the pace of leaning back in to marketing channels and that
deleverage that maybe you guys are calling out as things get better? Just so we can better understand a
little bit of the timing mismatch there.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So loyalty is an important thing because it really talks about something that we talk about a lot is bring
people home direct to us. And we've talked about this numerous times of how we believe getting people to
come back to us directly is a critical part of the strategy going forward.

And certainly one of the ways we do that is by providing our loyalty version, which is our Genius program
on Booking.com, which really does, we believe, give some real value to consumers. And that's something
that we're going to continue on because in the end, it costs an awful lot of money, as we know, to get a
new customer. It's cheaper to keep them. So we're going to keep on doing all the things we can to keep
people coming back direct.

And you're right about first cookie -- first-party, could mean third party, all these different ways that
we worry about how we're going to get people to come in the future. Certainly important to get new
customers, but also real important to keep them coming back.

In regards to your second question, one of the things I mentioned was how uncertain the world is right
now. And one of the things you're trying always to do is make sure you're spending money, but that's to
create revenue. One issue is you pay the money upfront, a person books, but because so much of the
business nowadays is being done on things that are cancelable, you don't know when change happens, all
of a sudden, money you've spent, it doesn't end up in -- and increase the revenue you thought it was, and
your ROI ends up very different. So we have to look at this very carefully, and we are approaching it in a
cautious way.

But on the other hand, we don't want to be slow to the increase in demand. It's something -- we look at
all the data very, very closely. That's about the best I can say is that, that's how we're handling it right
now. We can't say anything more than that because we don't know what the future is going to be quite
yet.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

And then, Glenn, just to build on that -- Eric, just to give you a little bit more color to the answer. The
deleverage you mentioned in 2021 on performance marketing is not us calling ROIs, per se, it's to do with
the timing that I talked about, whether in fact we expect to basically spend money in 2021 for a lot of
revenue that will revenue in 2022. And that phenomenon is what will drive the deleverage in 2021 we
talked about for performance marketing, just to clarify.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

Operator

Next up, we have Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.

Douglas Till Anmuth
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Glenn, just as travelers are coming back to the platform, and some of them for the first time perhaps in
several months or a year, just curious what you think they'll see that's most significant in terms of how
the product has changed or the experience has changed. Is it connected trip or something else? And then
secondly, just wanted to get your view on some of the subscription-based programs that we're seeing
across the space for travelers?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So one of the things that somebody may not have seen before, and we talked about it last quarter,
is Booking.com selling flights, for example. That's a great thing. In the past, we didn't do it. Now they
come back, they'll -- "Look, they sell flights," which is a great thing.

Another thing that we continue to build out in our attractions area, not a lot of people are actually buying
attractions right now. But we haven't stopped getting more and more places and more and more content,
so that when people do come back, they'll have attractions they can buy from us. And what they obviously
would see would be the way we're combining this, putting things together and the way we're trying to
create value for our consumers.

So I think that's part of it, and we're really still in the very, very early parts of this journey. But it's
something that is pretty exciting to me as I begin to see it build out and seeing those people are buying
flights and such.

In regards to the subscriptions model that people are beginning to explore and such, I don't really have
a lot of comments on that. It's something that different people are doing and such. We'll see how it plays
out.

I don't know, David, do you have anything you want to say on that?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

No, no, no further comments. We'll see how they play out. I think our model -- the way we have it is --
the model, we think, is certainly very attractive and has been successful for us. And as you say, we'll
watch what happens in these other places.

Operator

Next up, we have Naved Khan from Truist Securities.

Naved Ahmad Khan
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I just wanted to ask a question on air bookings. So your air tickets sold number was positive. And that, in
this kind of an environment, I think is pretty impressive. Maybe are there any insights you can share with
-- in terms of the early results you might be seeing on integrating air tickets on your Booking.com site in
Europe?

And then the other question I had was just around the attractions and experiences. With the increase in
selection that you are driving, is it mostly through partnerships? Or are you signing up your own direct
relationships? How should we think about that?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

So in terms of air bookings -- and I -- the question got a little muddled at the end, so if I don't cover it
completely, David, if you heard it better, you can fill out there.

But yes, we were pleased to see that positive number there. One of the things to point out is as I just
talked about a little bit, though, in the past, we didn't have air tickets coming from Booking.com and from
-- and also, by the way, our Agoda brand also sells air tickets, too. Priceline, of course, has been selling air
tickets since the start of the company. It's more than 2 decades ago. So it's easier when you add 2 more
of our brand selling air tickets that hadn't done it in the past to have a positive number.

And I want to point out, this is very early and these are very, very, very small numbers. So it's pleasant to
see, but I wouldn't tell you too much except that we are on our journey.

In regards to attractions for Booking.com, so it's yes, these are coming from third-party suppliers. We
are partnering with them. They give us the inventory, so we sell it. We have a commercial relationship.
And we're pleased. That's the way to go forward. Again, one can be anything or -- and you need to decide
which ones you want to do first, but it's a lot -- you can't be everything. So it's a lot easier when you want
to do a lot more things to partner with other people for things -- for people who already set up the things
you need to get, so I'm pretty pleased about that. Again, I'll be even more pleased when people actually
are back to traveling and start buying attractions more.

And David, I don't know if I missed anything on the air ticket -- air stuff.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

I think you got it, Glenn.

Operator

Next up, we have Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse.

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. So Glenn, 20% of bookings running through your own payment rails suggest that it's now 70% of
your merchant bookings. So it seems like you're pretty close to full adoption there. So is this primarily for
alternative accommodations or flights? Or are you seeing that higher platform usage because of other use
cases, whether it's non-credit card users or otherwise?

And I guess over the coming months as you start more formally entering a recovery phase, it's probably
going to feel like you're working at a hyper-growth start-up. So with that in mind -- I mean you spent
the last year restructuring and reducing headcount. So I wanted to get your latest thinking on whether
you feel like you're properly resourced at this time. Or do you feel like you can spin up hiring and bump
resources very quickly?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So let me start with the second one, and I'll turn it over to David in terms of payments in case he wants to
say anything or comment to that.

In terms of people, I -- we talked about this. We've been through the restructuring. I think we both
said in our prepared remarks how we are satisfied for where we are right now. But we also made a very
important point, how much of the restructuring dealt with jobs that are related to volume. And then as
volume comes back, we need to bring people in to help cover it, but hopefully in a much more efficient
way over time. So that thing.

In terms of being a hyper start-up, yes, we're -- look, we're always going incredibly hard in it and trying
to get as much progress as we can on our strategic vision because we know that the travelers are going to
come back, and we want to get ahead of that as fast as we can, so we can give them the greatest value
and the greatest -- different types -- a way to travel as soon as we can.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

I don't see any major changes in 2021, but we'll see how fast business comes back, and we'll see what
happens in 2022. And we'll see the rate of progress in all our strategic -- different things we're working
on.

And I'll let David talk about the payments platform.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. On payments, let me clarify because I wasn't quite sure what you said upfront. But let me kind
of clarify where we are on payments and the evolution of payment at Booking.com. So as we said in
the prepared remarks, the percentage of our gross bookings processed on the payment platform at
Booking.com was 22% last year. That's up meaningfully from the 15% in 2019. That still means that the
vast majority of bookings are not being processed via our payment transaction, they're still in the agency
model. So we expect that payment adoption to continue to increase above the 22% this year and beyond.

Payments is really super important for us for a number of reasons because we think we can deliver
benefits to our customers, our partners, across all the different channels, hotels, alternative
accommodations, flights, attractions, et cetera. It's also very important to enable merchandising, which we
will use on a selective basis in certain markets. And it's also fundamental to enabling the connected trip
where we want to have everything be -- able to be paid in one place.

I'll give you an update on where we are from an income statement point of view relative to the evolution
of payments. I'm pleased to say that payments on Booking.com was approximately breakeven in 2020.
We've said it in prior years, we are still making some net investment in the platform. And we focus upon
still scaling it out, but I expect to stay in that breakeven level as we scale out and grow the payments
platform from here, obviously, with some potential minor differences year in, year out. We are now out of
the breakeven situation on that payment platform, which is an update from where we were before.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mario Lu from Barclays.

X. Lu
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. I have 2 on alternative accommodations. So I believe you mentioned the segment had a healthy
profit margin throughout 2019. So as we look forward to 2021 and beyond, how should we think about
how quickly you can close the gap between the alternative accommodation margins compared to hotels?

And secondly, you guys mentioned that you're trying to pick the single-home supply in the U.S. How
would you describe the strategy there? Is it mostly investing behind your own sales force? Or is it through
acquisitions?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So they actually go a little together, those 2 questions because one of the things I believe why we're -- we
didn't have that healthy profit, as you pointed out, was perhaps because we didn't have as much of a mix
of the single-home property. Because a single-home property does cost more for the company because
you do end up with more contacts. It's just by nature. It's not as professionally run, and you do end up
with more costs. So we do, though, know that it's a product that people want, and we need to have it and
we need to have more of it and that's absolutely correct.

The great thing about this though is there is a trend towards more professionalization of the single-
home property, where the person in the past may have gone onto a platform and just signed up on their
own and tried to orchestrate it all by themselves. What you are seeing in the industry is more and more
people, who want to rent out their single properties, going to different people who will do it for them, who
will handle all the elements of it. And those people who are running these kind of -- we won't call them
channel managers, but they're like a channel manager in a sense, they are able to bring these different,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

single-property owners and put them onto this site, that then is able to direct that -- to provide that
supply to us or to somebody else. The great thing about it is these people are much more professional,
and they are more easy to deal with. They are able to understand the right things that you need to do. So
because of that professionalization of the industry, I believe we will be able to pick up more of the single-
home properties faster than we had to in the past.

In regards to M&A, as you know, we don't comment on future M&A activity.

Operator

And our last question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet from Citi.

Jason Boisvert Bazinet
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I just had 2 questions. If I posit that COVID is going to cause alternative to be larger than otherwise would
be and cause business travel to be structurally lower than otherwise would be, what is the implication for
your business as you move to connected trip and payments in a more forceful way? Can you just -- do you
mind just expanding on that a bit?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So we'll go with the hypothetical -- let's say what I really think is happening here. So people who perhaps
in the past never would have thought of using alternative accommodations, perhaps last summer they
didn't use it or they looked at it or something. And now it is in a consideration set. So going forward, what
has happened is now there's a much larger amount of supply for any travelers to go look at. And what that
means is any individual supplier in the marketplace is now facing more competition. Now as a distributor, I
talked about it a little earlier why that is beneficial to the distributor now.

And our business, which is so great because we have both, a great amount of the home product, that
alternative accommodations, and we're one of the largest people at the hotels. So we have this great thing
where the consumer, when they come, they can come to one place, us. And they're able to compare and
contrast all the different types, all the different prices, understand all the different comments and reviews
being left by people who previously stayed there. That gives us a great, great benefit.

So I am pleased with the way this is happening. And I -- will it go back? What will happen? How much
will be -- mix be of home in the future versus hotel? I don't know. I don't think anybody can really guess.
I think over many years, we've seen the trend going more and more people interested in alternative
accommodations. The pandemic step-function it up higher. I don't know if that's now going to be a pause,
maybe a dip down or continue upward. I don't know. But from my point of view, it's not that relevant in
the sense that we provide both and we're going to keep getting both. So for me, I'm feeling pretty good
about it.

Jason Boisvert Bazinet
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And on the enterprise side, B2B travel?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Well, the -- B2B travel will -- I don't think there's a lot to talk about that.

David, I didn't hear exactly what the question was, maybe you did.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

I didn't either. So would you clarify the question, please?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Yes, could you repeat, Jason, the B2B question, just repeat it.

Jason Boisvert Bazinet
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Yes. The question was if COVID causes a structural shift in B2B travel, how does that influence sort of your
focus on payments and focus on the connected trip? Is it good? Is it bad? Does it have no bearing sort of
on your level of investment and enthusiasm around those 2 long-term initiatives?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

When you say B2B travel, are you talking business...

Jason Boisvert Bazinet
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Business travel, I'm talking about business travel.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Business travel. Got it. Okay. Okay. Got it. Look, I have been saying for a long time, I think that it's going
to be a while before corporate travel picks up the same way leisure will pick up. It's going to need -- it's
going to take longer. And as a share of total travel, it may never get back. In which case, yes, eventually,
because businesses will continue to grow, and in the industry, obviously, people will travel. Eventually,
business travel will be larger in an absolute measure than in the past, but they may always be the smaller
share, we don't really know yet, but certainly, there are trends that are going to go that way.

What that does to certain high-ADR hotels that cater to the business traveler, they're going to have
to make some shifts because they're not going to get those -- as many of those high-ADR customers
anymore, and they need to get more leisure travelers. Well, we have a higher percentage of leisure
travelers than business travelers. We are, again, that point where people can come and get that leisure
demand. So again, it's another thing why I feel good about our long-term future.

Operator

Thank you. And that is all the time that we have for today. I will turn the call over back to our CEO, Mr.
Glenn Fogel, for any closing remarks.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Thank you.

So in closing, I want to note that it's been a little more than a year since the pandemic began. And we
have sadly lost 500,000 mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters, grandparents and so tragically, children, in
the United States alone. And globally, more than 2.4 million lives have been lost. Our hearts go out to all
who mourn.

I also want to reiterate my deepest condolences to the family and friends of Arne Sorenson as well as to
the entire Marriott organization. He left a profound mark on the travel industry and will be greatly missed.
And it is so sad he will not see the recovery in the industry that he dedicated his life to. And this travel
industry will recover, and we are working so very hard to bring travel back as fast as we can.

So I want to end by giving one last thank you to our partners, our customers and most of all, to our
dedicated employees, who throughout the horrible year of 2020, rose to the challenge, met it and got us
to where we are today, well positioned for a better tomorrow.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

Thank you. Please be safe. Goodbye.

Operator

Thank you so much.
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now all
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 24, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

