Booking Holdings Inc. NasdaqGS:BKNG
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 26, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

22.12

23.30

5.33

11.83

101.65

102.57

0.91

112.39

3276.02

3339.00

1.92

2977.72

15025.07

-

0.27

15987.63

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-26-2020 11:33 AM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

11.26

22.81

44.43

22.12

11.17

23.59

45.36

23.30

(0.80 %)

3.42 %

2.09 %

5.33 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brian Thomas Nowak
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Deepak Mathivanan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Douglas Till Anmuth
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Naved Ahmad Khan
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Heath Patrick Terry
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Justin Post
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Justin Tyler Patterson
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Lloyd Wharton Walmsley
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Booking Holdings' Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call.

Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements
which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to
certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may
differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements.

Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than
historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause
Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements,
please refer to the safe harbor statement at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well
as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required
by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial
and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website,
www.bookingholdings.com.

And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David
Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' fourth quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by
our CFO, David Goulden.

We had a strong fourth quarter as we booked 191 million room nights, which is up 12% year-over-
year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range. We produced over $3.3 billion in revenue and
approximately $1.3 billion in EBITDA, which are year-over-year increases of approximately 5% and 3% on
a constant currency basis, respectively.

I will talk first about our full year performance in 2019 then about our objectives for 2020 and then I will
address the current situation regarding the coronavirus.

2019 was a good year for our company. We booked 845 million room nights for the year, which is 11%
more than in 2018. Just to put that in context, that means we booked, on average, more than 2.3 million
room nights each day.

We produced strong year-over-year growth across our key financial metrics. Non-GAAP revenue and
adjusted EBITDA were up 8% and 6% on a constant currency basis, respectively. Our non-GAAP EPS was
up 15% on a constant currency basis, exceeding our guidance for the year. Our EPS growth rate benefited
from over $8 billion of share repurchases during 2019, which demonstrates our disciplined approach to
returning capital to shareholders and our confidence in our business.

I am pleased with these results considering the macro environment we faced in certain geographies
throughout the year. Moreover, we accomplished this top line growth rate while also producing solid
leverage in our performance marketing spend. Our ability to execute consistently in this environment
speaks to our scale and global diversity as well as to the dedicated and talented teams we have at our
company.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

We made solid progress against our key strategic goals for the year: expanding the Booking.com payment
platform, improving our alternative accommodations business and further building our connected trip
strategy. As we move into 2020, we will continue to focus on becoming an even more customer-centric
company that drives loyalty and increased repeat behavior. We plan to accomplish this goal through smart
customer acquisition while providing the best experience in our core accommodations product using our
scale to offer the best value to our customers and making further progress in our connected trip strategy.

In addition, while we have always been a cost-conscious organization, in 2020, we will further emphasize
the need to make sure our expenses are appropriate for our revenue, and we'll look at ways to streamline
and make all aspects of our company more efficient. Investing in products and process is important for the
long term, but so too is eliminating unnecessary expense. And during 2020, we'll be taking a close look at
these opportunities.

One of our highlights during 2019 was expanding our payment capabilities at Booking.com. Over 50% of
our Booking.com's gross bookings now occur on properties that are enabled on its payment platform. The
percentage of Booking.com's gross bookings processed on its payment platform grew from approximately
10% in 2018 to over 15% in 2019, and we expect this to reach approximately 25% in 2020. As we have
discussed, this platform provides payment options favored by both our customers and property partners,
particularly non-hotel property partners and provide a platform for merchant product offerings. Merchant
offerings also provide Booking.com with merchandising capabilities, and we expect to continue to increase
our investment in this capability to drive growth. This payment platform is foundational for our connected
trip strategy in which we envision a frictionless customer experience across multiple products that we
believe will drive increased loyalty.

Our alternative accommodations business grew solidly in 2019 and has large scale. As of December 31,
2019, we had 6.3 million listings in our alternative accommodations business. We remain focused on
increasing the quality and variety of properties joining our platform so we can provide the best choices for
our customers and drive search conversion. Booking.com's alternative accommodation business recorded
approximately $3.1 billion in revenue in 2019, representing approximately 21% of our overall revenue
for the year and a solid growth rate of 14% when expressed in euros. It consistently grew faster than
our core accommodations business throughout the year and also maintained a healthy profit margin. We
believe presenting both alternative accommodations and traditional properties on one platform is the best
customer proposition.

Last year, we took further steps to create our vision of the connected trip. We're on a journey to build
a multiproduct offering, including accommodations, flight, attractions, ground transport and dining,
all connected by a seamless payment network and supported by personalized intelligence to provide a
frictionless customer experience that we believe will drive enhanced loyalty and support growth. We saw
early signs of these benefits last year as we leverage the integration of Rentalcars.com and Booking.com
to deliver a better ground transport offering for Booking.com's customers. Rental car days grew 12% year-
over-year in the fourth quarter primarily due to the increased cross-sell of the product to Booking.com
customers. We believe we are in the early stages of seeing the benefit from this cross-sell opportunity.

We've also been encouraged by certain incentive programs that provide discounted ground transport
options to bookers with higher value accommodations. These programs have shown an increase in
conversion at acceptable ROIs. We look forward to further experimentation with these types of offerings
during 2020.

We also expanded our flight capabilities across the company in 2019. Booking.com launched an integrated
flight product while Agoda and Priceline began building a global flight platform that is initially focused
on the APAC region. Currently, Booking.com offers a flight product in 12 countries in Europe, but we
plan to expand this throughout 2020. Booking.com's goal for the year is to be able to expose 50% of
its total customers to a flight product globally. Developing a robust flight product remains an important
investment considering there are more than 4 billion global flight passengers last year. Having the ability
to engage with these customers early in their travel journey gives us a better opportunity to cross-sell our
accommodation and other products. But even more important, it enables us to offer a true connected trip
experience.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

This year, we will continue to expand other aspects of the connected trip, such as attractions and dining
options. For these offerings, we will utilize not only our own assets but also partner with third-party
providers so we can offer the best customer experience possible. We continue to see loyalty benefits from
accommodation customers who also use our attractions product.

We will continue to invest in our app platform as it becomes the center of our connected trip experience.
Booking.com remains one of the most downloaded travel apps in the iOS and Android stores globally.
According to a leading third-party research firm, Booking.com was the only OTA to rank in their top 10
travel apps in the world ex China in 2019, coming in at #3. We've been investing in the app platform for
some time and it is becoming the preferred platform for travel bookings, and we are very pleased with the
strong room night growth that occurs on Booking.com's app.

As I mentioned earlier, all of these investments are designed to drive greater loyalty and increased repeat
behavior with our customers. We made progress on this front last year. In each quarter of 2019, our direct
channel grew faster than our primary paid channels and our direct channel increased its share for the
year. The direct channel represents over 50% of our total booked room nights. And when including rooms
booked through branded search terms, this number increases to over 60%.

We have a large and loyal customer base today, but we believe we can grow this further and increase
market share. Booking.com's best and most loyal customers are part of its Genius program. This group
of customers has grown consistently for several years. In 2019, we had over 70 million active Genius
customers, an increase of 9% year-over-year. These Genius customers were responsible for a growing
proportion of Booking.com's booked room nights in 2019, and we thank them for their loyalty. On top
of that, we see that Genius customers book more frequently and more often on a direct basis when
compared to non-Genius customers. We will continue to focus our efforts on growing this special group of
customers and offering them great value as part of their Genius membership.

While we are pleased about our long-term prospects, we recognize that current travel demand has been
impacted by the coronavirus. At the present time, Greater China has been affected the most. The broader
APAC region has also been impacted, which is an area in which we have been experiencing strong growth
over the last several years. And we are now starting to see a slowdown in travel globally and are aware
of the potential for further demand deceleration around the world. David will provide more details in his
remarks. But I would like to point out, this is not the first time our company management team has faced
an exogenous impact to travel demand. We know that travel is fundamental to people's lives, and we
believe travel industry growth will rebound to prior growth rates.

While the coronavirus impacts travel, we will continue to manage the company in a measured way that
builds value for the long term. However, the steps we are taking today include: one, making sure we take
care of our customers and help them with their travel plans, which includes facilitating cancellations and
working closely with our supply partners.

Two, ensuring the health and safety of our over 26,000 employees around the world.

Three, managing our marketing efforts appropriately. We will continue to participate in those paid
channels that provide us quality traffic and attractive ROIs, recognizing that we need to incorporate higher
cancellation rates in our bidding calculations. In regards to brand marketing, we will be very cognizant of
when and where brand marketing money should be spent this year.

Four, working with our travel suppliers so they are best positioned to achieve success on our platform.

And five, continuing to invest for the future.

The company that provides a better travel service, a holistic, seamless, frictionless connected trip that
delivers more value to both the traveler and our supply partners will create a lasting relationship with both
travelers and suppliers, and we intend to create this service over time.

With that, I will now turn the call over to David for the financial review.

David I. Goulden

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll review our operating results for the fourth quarter and 2019
and then discuss our thoughts on 2020 and our guidance for the first quarter. All growth rates are relative
to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation to
GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Now on to our results for the quarter.

Our booked room night growth of 12% in Q4 exceeded the high end of our guidance range as growth
accelerated through the quarter with a strong finish in December. Our room night growth in Europe
continue to exceed our expectations in Q4 despite a macro environment that remain cautious. Room night
growth rates for the rest of the world also exceeded our expectations and grew slightly faster than Europe
in Q4.

Average daily rates for accommodations or ADRs were down about 4% year-on-year in Q4 on a constant
currency basis, which was in line with our guidance. As indicated on our last earnings call, the year-over-
year ADR decline was impacted by decreases in rates within several key markets such as the U.S., Japan
and Hong Kong as well as an increasing mix to faster-growing, lower ADR markets and the impact of
lapping 1% ADR growth in Q4 of last year.

Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced Q4 growth rates in U.S. dollars by approximately 1 percentage
point versus last year. We estimate the change in FX rates impacted gross bookings, revenue and EBITDA
growth in Q4 by a similar amount and EPS growth by less than 1 percentage point.

Q4 gross bookings grew by 6% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew about 7% on a constant currency basis,
coming in above the high end of our guidance range.

Consolidated revenue in the fourth quarter was $3.3 billion and grew by 4% in U.S. dollars and about 5%
on a constant currency basis.

Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 3% in Q4 as
we lap the benefit of the HotelsCombined acquisition in December.

Adjusted EBITDA for Q4 was $1.3 billion, which exceeded the high end of our guidance range and was up
2% year-over-year on a reported basis and about 3% on a constant currency basis.

Performance marketing expense increased 2% year-on-year, which helped drive leverage of about 40 basis
points in the quarter. The year-on-year growth was driven by higher-than-expected volumes in our paid
channels.

We spent $86 million on brand marketing in the quarter, which represented a decline of 31% versus Q4
last year and contributed about 130 basis points of leverage. This decrease is in part driven by a ramp-up
in spend in the second half of 2018. We remain committed to investing in brand marketing in a disciplined
manner going forward.

Sales and other expense decreased 1% versus Q4 last year and contributed about 30 basis points of
leverage due to reduced chargeback expenses as well as a reclassification of certain sales and other
expenses incurred during 2019 into contra revenue in Q4, both of which offset the increase in expenses
related to the continued growth of our payments platform at Booking.com.

Personnel expense was in line with our forecast, growing 16% year-on-year and contributing about 175
basis points of deleverage in the quarter as expected, driven in part by lower year-end reversal of bonus
accruals than we experienced in Q4 2018.

G&A expenses increased 16% year-over-year on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes a $21 million travel
transaction tax charge in Q4 of 2018. Non-GAAP G&A expenses contributed about 60 basis points of
deleverage in the quarter. This year-over-year increase in G&A was driven largely by higher indirect taxes,
including the French DST.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

Finally, information technology expenses increased 42% year-over-year driven by several items supporting
the growth of the business, including payments to contractors, software license fees, outsourced data
center and cloud costs.

Our non-GAAP EPS was $23.30, up 4% on a reported and constant currency basis versus the prior year.
Non-GAAP net income reflects a non-GAAP tax rate of 17.7% in Q4, which is significantly higher than Q4
last year due to a onetime adjustment of approximately $72 million in Q4 2018 related to a provision
of the Tax Act that was clarified by regulatory guidance issued in Q4 2018. Our Q4 tax rate was about 1
percentage point lower than our guidance due to some discrete items. Our 9% lower share count in Q4
benefited EPS growth in the quarter.

On a GAAP basis, operating income increased by 3% and GAAP operating margin decreased by about 50
basis points compared to Q4 last year. Q4 GAAP net income amounted to $1.2 billion or $27.75 per share,
up 81% from Q4 2018. Our Q4 GAAP net income includes $326 million of pretax unrealized gains on our
equity investments in Meituan and Ctrip and $47 million of FX remeasurement losses on our eurobonds.
We exclude these unrealized losses and remeasurement gains from our non-GAAP results.

We had a GAAP tax rate of 17.5% for the quarter, which increased significantly from the prior year due
to the tax impact of the items excluded from non-GAAP results as well as the fact, as I mentioned, the
impact of the non-GAAP tax rate.

In Q4, we generated $1.1 billion of operating cash flow, which declined 1% compared to Q4 last year. Our
free cash flow for the quarter was about $1 billion, which decreased by 1% compared to last year, mainly
due to timing of payments, which reduced the growth by 15 percentage points.

We repurchased $1.3 billion of our stock in Q4, bringing the total repurchases to the year to over $8
billion. As of the end of the year, we had about $11.5 billion remaining under our $15 billion repurchase
authorization.

We ended the quarter with $11.8 billion in cash and investments and $8.7 billion of outstanding debt.

Looking back at 2019, we're quite pleased with our performance during the year as we produced steady
room night growth in the 10% to 12% range, we delivered a very healthy 39% EBITDA margin while
investing in the business and absorbing unplanned DST expenses. And we grew our non-GAAP EPS by
11% or around 15% on a constant currency basis, which exceeded our annual guidance of low double-
digit growth.

Turning to 2020. Our initial outlook reflected a continuation of this operating model, i.e., to gain share in
accommodations with some deceleration in room night growth; to invest in payments, merchandising and
the connected trip, creating modest pressure on operating margins; and for EPS growth to benefit from
our share repurchases. Due to a few mechanical factors, including the lapping of ADR declines and the
phasing of personnel and G&A expenses during the year, we expected our earnings growth to be weighted
largely to the second half of the year.

Now turning to more recent events. The coronavirus has had an impact across our business since it made
news headlines on January 21. The early impacts were in Greater China, but we also saw these impacts
across Asia and to a lesser extent, in other regions outside of Asia as well. To help with context, the APAC
region represents a little over 20% of our room nights with no single country accounting for more than a
mid-single-digit share of total room nights. In APAC, we've seen an increase in cancellations, reduction in
new bookings and pressure on ADRs.

As you all know, it's not possible to predict where and to what degree outbreaks of the coronavirus will
disrupt travel patterns. While the incidence of infections has slowed in China, in the last week alone, new
outbreaks have occurred in South Korea, Iran and Italy. We've been able to measure the impacts on our
business so far in Asia and we've seen a recent impact on room night bookings in Europe following the
outbreak in Italy. As a result, we're providing only a near-term outlook with a wider guidance range to
account for the possibility there will be a growing travel disruption in Europe.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

Based on where we are in the quarter and considering the continued impact of the coronavirus, we're
forecasting Q1 booked room nights to be down 5% to 10% versus the prior year. Clearly, we're dealing
with a very fluid situation and it's extremely difficult to predict where Q1 will come out, but this is our
best estimate based upon the data we have available now. We forecast total gross bookings to decline
8% to 13% on a constant currency basis and about 200 basis points more in U.S. dollars. Our Q1 forecast
assumes that constant currency ADRs of the company will be down about 4%.

We forecast Q1 non-GAAP revenue to decline 3% to 7% on a constant currency basis and decline 200
basis points more in U.S. dollars.

Q1 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $560 million and $590 million, which is down 16% to
20% year-over-year on a constant currency basis and about 200 basis points more in U.S. dollars.

We're forecasting Q1 non-GAAP EPS of approximately $9.05 to $9.65, which is 14% to 19% below
Q1 2019. On a constant currency basis, we estimate Q1 non-GAAP EPS to decrease year-on-year by
approximately 12% to 17%. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast for Q1 includes an estimated income tax rate of
approximately 18.5%. Our Q1 non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of about 41.6
million shares, which is 9% below Q1 of last year.

We forecast GAAP EPS to be between $7.95 and $8.55 for Q1. Our GAAP EPS guidance for Q1 assumes
a tax rate of approximately 18.5%. We use a dollar to euro exchange rate of $1.10 when setting our Q1
guidance.

We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our first quarter EBITDA and net income from
any further fluctuation in currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but the
hedges do not protect our gross bookings, revenue or operating profit from the impact of foreign currency
fluctuations.

Finally, a housekeeping item. Starting with our Q1 results and going forward, we plan on reporting our
performance and brand marketing expenses on a combined basis as we view our overall marketing spend
as an investment in customer acquisition and retention.
We'll now take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.

Lloyd Wharton Walmsley
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I guess just the first question, a bit of a clarification. I think, David, you said something about expecting
some share gain with deceleration in room nights. I wasn't sure if I heard that correctly. Is that kind of
before the impact of the virus or including the impact of the virus? Anything you can kind of share there.
And along the same lines, ex the virus, are you seeing anything in particular changing with marketing
ROIs as some competitors pull back in certain brands, in certain geographies? And then, I guess, a second
question, if I can, would just be, anything particular changing with regard to some of the SEO channel
impacts from last quarter? Are you seeing that spread to either new geographies or change in intensity?
Anything you could share there would be great.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Lloyd, thank you. Let me start off answering the first question. So yes, to clarify, what I said was,
when we turn to 2020, we talked about our initial outlook, which is our outlook at the start of the year
obviously around the time we were putting our plan together for the year. We talked about that reflect
the continuation of the same operating model we delivered in 2019. So my comments about gain share in
accommodations with some deceleration in room nights, some modest pressure on operating margins and
for EPS to benefit from our share buybacks was giving you a flavor of the shape of our profile for the year
coming into the year before the coronavirus.

Yes. And then on the SEO channel just to pick up your second. I just want to kind of remind people, as we
said, the SEO channel is a relatively small part of our business and has been for a period of time. The SEO
channel continues to be under pressure as the primary provider of that channel focus more upon their paid
search rather than free search, but we continue to do well in that channel. We have teams dedicated to
it. We are pleased with our share in that channel. As a channel, it is under continuing pressure, but as we
said before, really contributes a very minor part of our overall business.

Lloyd Wharton Walmsley
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then anything on just marketing ROIs outside of the impact of the virus given competitive
dynamics?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Let me start and maybe Glenn can add clarity. Again, I'll talk about Q4 because, obviously, Q4 was
a very clean quarter relative and not having a virus in. It's only a few weeks behind us so I think it's a
good time to still talk about Q4. We were pleased with our ROIs in the channels in Q4. We didn't see
any major shifts. We mentioned that we saw continued leverage in our performance marketing spend
because our performance marketing channels continue to grow less rapidly than the overall business so
the leverage that we demonstrated was kind of a mix-driven leverage, a mathematic leverage. ROIs didn't
really change very much in Q4, nothing to really note. We're pleased with where they were. And I think
was that the genesis of your question or you're also asking about current quarter as well?

Lloyd Wharton Walmsley
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

That's great. I'll assume that the virus is making things pretty messy, but unless you want to add
something.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

No. I just wanted to stop there. I think that's the right place to stop.

Operator

We do have another question from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC.

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I want to ask about 2 things. This kind of attach rate with the connected trip and how far along do you
think you are in tapping into that opportunity. I noticed that both rental car days and airline ticket unit
growth rates nicely accelerated in the December quarter. Looks like that's much easier comp in airline
tickets, but you called out some kind of greater cross-selling opportunities you're getting with rental car.
So just talk about where you are in the process of doing that? Is it a small percentage that you've even
attempted this at so we can get a sense of how much better the results could be in rental cars? And then,
Glenn, when you were talking about the outlook, you seem to emphasize a little bit more streamlining
costs in 2020. I don't think that was related to coronavirus or maybe it was, but I don't think it was.
Sounded like you want to be a little bit more careful about costs or something like that. Could you just
explain the why behind that? Why get a little bit more focused on streamlining costs this year versus last
year, unless it was all coronavirus, but I didn't get that impression.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Mark, yes, let me take the first one, the attach rates, et cetera. And I think you called it out correctly. The
rental car business has shown some good numbers. You look in the supplemental statistics at the end of
our press release and you can see some nice growth there. And part of that growth is coming from that
cross-sell part of our connected trip that we're building out. And you're also correct in your statement
about the air business. Air business is so early. We just really are getting that up and running that you're
not really seeing any of the increase there from that or not enough to matter right now. It's very, very low
attach rates. When I look at those numbers, I believe, over time, we should increase those significantly.
And it's going to take some time as we continue to optimize, figuring what's the best way to present it,
where to show it.

One of the things I'm very proud about is the center we built in Tel Aviv that is filled with a bunch of
machine learning experts, AI geniuses, who really look at all the different parts of the way we present
things. And they're trying to come up with what is the best way to present an offer to a traveler at the
right time and putting in what is the right merchandising benefit that we should do it to get the right
conversion and the right bottom line. It's something that the more data we get, the better we'll know what
the right thing to do, but it's something that's going to take time. So that's the answer to that one.

Regarding costs, you're also absolutely correct on that. One of the things when I took the job over in
Amsterdam as CEO of Booking.com, and I've been there now a little more than 6 months, is looking at
what are we spending on, where are we spending, what projects are we on, which ones are the right ones,
which ones should we not be doing right now, and then taking that throughout our entire organization.
I always believe that you should be a cost-effective company. And I believe it's also very natural as
companies grow very rapidly and achieve great success on the bottom line, sometimes discipline lightens
up a little bit. So certainly before the coronavirus, I was already thinking that we need to make sure that
we're doing everything we can to spend money correctly. One of the things I've mentioned in the calls
over the last couple of quarters is us bringing all of our companies together better. And that one of the
benefits of that is to get some efficiencies in our spend, a real cost procurement type project. And in the
past, we've run all of these companies independently. And that was the right thing to do at the time. But

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

while doing that, you do lose out on some cost efficiencies. Now the state of the company where it's at,
now it's time to start bringing that in, and that's what we're going to be doing.

Operator

We do have another question from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. Could you give us more color on the latest trends in Europe travel bookings that you've seen over
the last few days following the outbreak of the coronavirus in Italy?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Kevin, this is David. Let me take that. Maybe just kind of maybe frame it in the way that the quarter
shapes up and our projections do take into account what we've seen in the last few days. So let me kind
of give you a lay of the land, first of all, by region, not surprising. We already mentioned that China is the
worst impacted. Asia, excluding China, has also been impacted for some time. The rest of the world, which
obviously includes Europe and Europe's a big piece of that for us, was growing through February, but we
also expect it to be impacted to the negative in March as well. And to give you a bit more color in terms
of just how it played across the quarter, on a consolidated basis, we, of course, saw room night growth
in January, even though we saw some tapering off at the end with the virus hitting the news on the 21st.
Expect February to be approximately flat from a growth rate point of view. And therefore, to get to our
guidance for the quarter, expect to see declines in March.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And that March expectation is based on just the worsening kind of trend over the last few days?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, we really, obviously, as I mentioned, we're dealing with a very fluid situation, very difficult
to predict what's going on because we're responding to something that we have no control over. We're
giving you kind of our best view on it. So when we built what we expect to happen in March and created
the guidance range, we're looking very specifically at what has happened over the last few days after the
outbreak in Italy and the response we've seen in Europe in response to that, which is not surprising has
been negative. So yes, we are expecting and we're seeing, even though we're going to get room night
growth through rest of world in February, towards the end of February that is already in decline. And we
expect it to continue to decline into March.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America.

Justin Post
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

A couple of questions. I guess it would be helpful if you could give us a view on past behavior when you've
had travel disruptions and people cancel their trips or your most loyal customers don't book. How long
does it take before they start going on trips again or do you see a time frame where people cancel and
then rebook? I know you can't be too specific, but any thoughts on that? And then second, it's interesting
your main competitor pulling back spending, you're talking about some cost savings. Do you think there's
inefficiencies in marketing or other channels in travel and maybe the industry as a whole could benefit as
people take a deeper look at their costs?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

Justin, I think it would not be wise to try and use past experience as an analogy for what will happen in
the future. The situation now is very different. Say, I've now been in this business, in fact, this week, it
will be 20 years I've been at this company. My anniversary is Friday, 20 years. And so I've seen a lot of
exogenous factors, as I mentioned, impacting travel, some extremely severe. And I won't go through all
of them because we'll use up the entire time for the call. That being said, they all have different effects
and different rebound time periods. So it's not going to be helpful for me to tell you what took after 9/11
or after the GFC or after swine flu or after the volcano in Iceland. I actually could go on and on and on, let
me stop there. So I really can't be that helpful. And you'll just have to make your own best guesstimates
which will be as good as anybody else's guestimates.

Regarding spending, we have very high margins compared to anybody else in the industry, but that does
not give us a license to waste money. And I want to continue to always be looking, are we spending
correctly every single part of this company. And so we can then spend the money in the right place at the
right time.

In terms of marketing, there probably is a lot of waste in the industry, probably. And I think we can see
that some people who are probably going to be pulling back in terms of their marketing. We like to think
that we've been efficient and effective, but I think there's always room everywhere to do better. And we're
going to continue to do so. That's only the right way to try and have a long-term successful company.

Towards your first question, I am confident the business will be coming back. It's something that we've
seen over and over and over again. As I said many, many times here, travel is a basic need for people.
They have been doing it for a very, very long time. And as soon as the air clears, so to speak, you'll see
people will be coming back to travel.

Operator

We do have another question from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.

Brian Thomas Nowak
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I have 2, please. David, just I appreciate the month-over-month commentary for the first quarter, but
maybe just so we can all sort of better understand the underlying durability of growth. How big of a room
night and EBITDA headwind have you put into the guide to factor in corona for the first quarter? And then
the second one, Glenn, just sort of talk about opportunities in sort of untapped geographies. Talk to us
about how you think about the importance and the opportunity to focus more on the U.S. from a branding
and a performance marketing perspective this year to perhaps take more share in that area.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Okay. Thanks, Brian. I'll take the first part of it. I'm going to try to avoid getting into specific growth
rates by month. I've given you a flavor. I think you can do some back of the envelope math to kind of
figure out what March has to look like in terms of getting to a minus 5% to minus 10% range. Way that
we've looked at this is that we have, as I mentioned in my answer to Kevin, have looked at very much
to what's happened to the last few days and anticipating at the lower end of the range that the travel
environment in Europe may get worse because we will be surprised if there's only one outbreak in Europe
over the course of the rest of the quarter. So we've taken into account what we saw happening over the
last week, which, of course, is led by a lot of cancellations. So over time, it may not be quite as bad as
we're seeing than last week because you see, obviously, there's a different growth rate on underlying
bookings vis-à-vis cancellations. The early reaction to these news events is usually you get a spike in
cancellations and things can moderate out. But we've taken into account what we've seen happening over
the course of the last week. We projected that for the rest of the quarter and recognize that, in fact, it
may get worse if there are additional outbreaks in Europe or further slowdowns in the rest of the world. So
that's how we've tried to intelligently give you some guidance data points from obviously data that we're
getting that's moving very rapidly, but it is the best data that we have until this morning.

Glenn D. Fogel

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

President, CEO & Director

And in regards to our opportunities around the world, the U.S. is, without doubt, our biggest opportunity.
It is an enormous market that we under-index significantly. And the reason for it, why we have not
achieved what we'd like to yet. And historical, as you know, Booking.com was always a hotel-only
company. And we didn't have an air product there, for example. Many Americans like to start their travel
business using air. Now we're going to be bringing out an air product over time. That will be one.

Second thing is extremely price-competitive, price-sensitive consumer in the U.S. Booking.com,
historically, an agency player, meaning the price was set by the hotels or by the non-hotel
accommodations. We believe that we have to be able to merchandise, meaning adjusting what that
value to the consumer is going to be. But to do that, you got to have a payment product. It was only last
quarter that we got running the domestic payment product for our U.S. consumer. So that's another one.

Another big issue, packages. Many Americans like to use a package product or like to do some sort of
combination that will get them more value. Well, we're just starting that now. One of the things I'm very
proud about is working between Priceline.com and Booking.com to come up with a package product for
the U.S. consumers, and we're just getting that out.

The other thing is, we have other assets to help bring consumers to our sites and make them aware of the
great things we have. One, for example, OpenTable. A lot of people are using OpenTable every month. In
the past, we have never done anything to really bring together the power of the OpenTable platform and
the Booking.com platform in a way they'll provide more value to consumers. So lots of things that we're
working on because I do believe the U.S. is a great opportunity for us to help build out our business.

Operator

We have another question from the line of Justin Patterson from Raymond James.

Justin Tyler Patterson
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Great. One on connected trip first. How should we think about scaling supply through your own assets
and third-party partners on the attractions and dining side? With partners in there, is there anything
you need to control to ensure an optimal customer experience? And then the second question is on
marketing. As your direct channel mix grows and your payments business grows, how do you think about
that incremental ROI of using coupons to drive conversion versus, say, attracting customers via brand and
performance marketing?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

I want to do the first, and I'll let David being our CFO, he can talk about how we're going to optimize in
terms of coupons. You're right in terms that in an ideal world you would like to have all of your supply
directly connect to us and you prefer in an ideal world not to be using third-party suppliers. That being
said, that's a balance against speed to market and making sure you have the supply necessary to create
a good offer to the consumers. So in the interest of speed, we have gone with third-party providers to
provide inventory that we don't have. I mentioned OpenTable a little while ago. Well, OpenTable has a
great product. They do a lot of business in a lot of different cities, but there are also a lot of cities around
the world that they don't do business. And we want to provide that dining opportunity to our consumers
in as many cities as we can so we will partner with others. Attractions, the same thing. We had our own
contracts with supply, but there are a lot of places in the world where people are traveling, so to make
sure that we have the supply, we're going to third parties. Over time, we believe that in the long run
having your own supply helps you in terms of creating that truly seamless connected trip, but speed
matters in this market so we're going to do that, too.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

Yes. And Justin, on the different marketing channels. First of all, we're very pleased to build our direct
business and it's very important for the future and the connected trip and the app and all things kind
of drive in that direction, but the performance marketing channels are also really important sources of
acquisition of new customers for us. And sometimes, some existing customers can come back to that net
as well. But to answer your question, we look at all these on a very measured incremental ROI basis.
We can really measure our different activities and compare them on a very comparable basis. So when
it comes to things like coupons or other attractions we may only offer through one of our channels, we
just look at the ROI on that vis-à-vis other channels and decide where we lean in or don't as the case may
be. So we have pretty good metrics on all things like that because we are able to measure the short-term
return on those investments.

Again, longer term, we're looking to drive people towards the direct channel, particularly towards the app.
And Glenn mentioned how well downloaded that is and how it's becoming very much a powerful app in the
travel space. And as the connected trip becomes a bigger piece of the business and the app becomes a
way to experience the connected trip during the trip, it's even more strategic. But tactically, we can look at
all these different things, including things like couponing on a very measured basis and decide to lean in
based upon which ones give us both the short-term returns and also create the highest level of repeat or
return to direct activity after that initial offer.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Barclays.

Deepak Mathivanan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. David, last year, you talked about achieving double-digit earnings growth and then exceeded it
pretty nicely ex FX. Understand the situation is a little bit more fluid right now and the color you provided
on the operating model was helpful. How should we think about those things kind of translate into
earnings growth for this year? And then how are you thinking about using the balance sheet for share
repurchases in the near term when there is like a disruption currently going on?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Deepak, thanks for the question. Let me take the first part of it. So yes, I mean, we talked about
our operating model expectations pre-coronavirus as a continuation of the model. I think it was quite
successful for us in 2019. And I don't want to get to specific targets for 2020 because there's not a lot of
point in putting out a hypothetical forecast for the year, which we can never measure against and bridge
against because, obviously, the year is going to come out very different from what we expected it only
a few weeks ago, but we were pleased with the way that 2019 came out if you kind of look back at Q4,
look at 2019, understand the underlying health of the business. And we believe that there's no reason why
that model can't continue in normal times. And then, Glenn, you want to talk about second part, balance
sheet?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So we are very pleased to have a very strong balance sheet, significant amount of free cash. We
have a very good credit rating. And the question really is, as we've always had, is how should we best
use our capital. One of the things has always been share repurchases. Another thing that we always do
is we're always looking at other companies that could potentially help add to our connected trip strategic
vision. And we're going to continue to look at that. Certainly, valuations have changed significantly in the
recent past, and that may provide an opportunity for us in both areas. But as David says, it's a very fluid
situation right now and we're not going to box ourselves into anything right this second. I will say though,
however, we do look at this very, very carefully because we do want to be agile.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

We have another question from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS.

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe if I can, a few around cost structure and how you're thinking about investing in the business in sort
of a relatively uncertain environment. Is there a way to tease out what are some of the investments you
plan on making just because they fit with the strategic vision, they're going to be made for the long term,
irrespective of how the environment arcs up or down over the next sort of couple of quarters? And how
much of it is more variable in nature, where you might tune up or down investments, so we could better
understand the variable piece that will probably more likely track with how room nights either get better
or worse from the excellent results in Q4 versus the cautionary results or guide for Q1.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So I've been talking about our long-term strategic vision for some time now since I became CEO
of the holding company a little more than 3 years ago and how important it is to create and continue to
create value for all sides of this marketplace. And we're going to continue to do that. And that requires
investing in people in terms of code, making sure we are providing something that is a differentiator from
what is out there right now. And there is no reason to slow that down, stop that or hold back on that. The
sooner we get out that truly superior travel service, the better we will be. And I want to be in that position
when we come out of this current environment, which is something that is unexpected but will end. I want
to come out of that as soon as possible with the best services that we have. So we're going to continue on
that. We are not changing that at all.

Now in terms of investments, in terms of marketing and things like that, naturally, you always want to
make adjustments based on what the environment is. So for, as I mentioned, about brand marketing.
Well, we are not going to be making brand marketing to people who are not listening to that message at
all. If you're not thinking about traveling, you're not listening to a travel ad, it's foolish for us to invest
money in a brand marketing campaign. And that's an example, an extreme on the other side. And in
between, there are always different things in between that we are going to be making adjustments as we
go throughout the year. And we've always been doing that. That's no different. David, anything to add?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Eric, I'll just maybe put a little bit of a framework around what Glenn talked about. So if you think
of operating expenses and just kind of look at 2019 for a second, about $9.5 billion, a little over half of
our OpEx is really variable with volume. Obviously, our performance marketing change with volume up
and down. Our brand marketing is clearly not volume-related. But obviously, as Glenn just said, no point
spending a lot of brand if people are not primarily thinking about travel. A large piece of our sales and
other expenses also relates to volume as well because that ties back to the merchant processing costs on
our payment platform. So over half of our OpEx really is directly tied to the volume within the business.
Now obviously, there are volume-related aspects in the other areas, which are mainly in our personnel,
G&A, IT, et cetera. And obviously, there's some fixed and there's some variable expenses there. But if you
think about our cost structure, it really is quite variable with the larger expense lines being tied to volume
quite directly. And of course, in the areas that are not tied directly, there are things we can continue to do
to refine and optimize as Glenn talked about.

Operator

We do have another question from the line of Naved Khan from SunTrust.

Naved Ahmad Khan
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

A couple of questions. So David, in your commentary, you spoke about maybe 2020 seeing payments
processed through your own payment platform going to 25%. What are the levers that you control to kind

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

of get that from 15% in 2019 to 25% this year? And then the other question I have was just maybe, can
you shed some light on maybe early results from the Grab partnership, how that might be working for
you?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So let me start off with the payments platform. Actually, Glenn was the one who gave the numbers
out, but let me just kind of talk to you about how we see it developing and the impact it will have on our
income statement. So as you see, we basically had to grow from 10% in 2018, 15% in '19, 25% in '20.
We expect obviously to exit 2020 at higher than 25% payments. That's the average for the year. Might
be helpful just to understand a little bit about what that's doing to our income statement because there's
always some questions about that in prior calls.

In 2020, we expect payments actually to contribute to both revenue growth as it has been, but also to
start contributing to EBITDA growth as well with very little impact at all on our EBITDA rate in 2020, will
contribute towards EBITDA growth as we recover an ever-increasing percentage of our payment costs. So
that's how to think about payments rolling through our business. Obviously, there's still a very attractive
nature in our agency model as well so one is not going to completely replace the other. But as Glenn said,
for all sorts of reason, including the ability to participate in merchandising and also to be able to package
and control things together via the connected trip, payments will become an ever-increasing part of the
business. And we're pleased with how it is progressing and we're on track to get it to a stage where it
starts to contribute towards EBITDA growth, which we'll start doing this year.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

And regarding the Grab relationship, I'm very pleased about how that's been progressing. And for people
to remember, we invested in Grab for 3 reasons. One reason was Grab has a significant number of
customers and we want to find all different ways that we can get exposed our hotel accommodation, all of
our travel services to customers in different ways, and that certainly was a great way to do it, one.

The other thing is that our travelers when they arrive in a place that they're not familiar with, they want
to know how are they going to get around. And many people sometimes mistakenly assume that whatever
ridesharing capability they have in their home country is going to be in the place they go visit, and it's
not going to be there and not knowing what they're going to do. And then they figure out, what am I
going to do? And one of the great things is, we said that we would come up with Grab a way that a person
can use the Booking.com app and in a seamless way can get a ridesharing without having to download
another app, without having to put a credit card into something that they're not familiar with, and it will
be seamless and a great experience. And I mentioned last quarter how we've gotten that up and running
in Singapore.

And the third thing, of course, we said we'd like to have a financial return on the money we invested. One
of the things I mentioned last quarter was how, by the end of the year, I expected us to be able to have
that Grab app operational on the Booking.com app by the end of the year for Indonesia and Thailand. And
I'm very pleased that we are now actually operational in every single territory that Grab operates on the
iOS platform. So it's just a great shout-out to the team who's been working on that, and thank you guys
for getting that done ahead of schedule and really pushing that through.

We'll be operational for Android, I think, in 2 to 4 weeks, I've been told. And we're talking about, it's now
beyond Singapore. It's Malaysia. It's Indonesia. It's Thailand. It's Vietnam. It's Cambodia. It's Philippines.
It's Myanmar. It's everywhere that Grab is. And I tell you, I've seen this used and it really is something
that makes it so easy. You get off that plane in that airport and you just go to that Booking.com app and
right away you can get that car to take you to the hotel. It's a wonderful experience. And we're also on
the other side being able to show our hotel accommodations to more and more Grab customers, so good
in all areas.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju from Crédit Suisse.

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. So Glenn, I guess out of adversity can come opportunities. So in an environment in which folks are
going to be really starved for business, are there any silver linings we should be thinking about in terms
of Booking becoming a more important partner for your suppliers or being able to onboard more supply
for the future? And I guess for the integrated travel experience as well as the rollout of your own payment
rails, you are talking about transforming what the Booking.com experience has meant for the consumer
for some time now. So do you feel like you have to retrain them to look for non-hotel products or pay
upfront? And do you think you need to incur some cost to bring up that awareness?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So nobody, nobody wants their business to succeed because of unfortunate events. Nobody hopes for
that. But sometimes the events happen anyway and you do end up being a beneficiary of those events.
Companies that are stronger when they enter into a bad period emerge even stronger. And in this
industry, I've seen it happen over and over again. There is no doubt, I've talked in the past about potential
recessions and what would happen in a recession and why I believe that would make us more valuable
to suppliers so that they would use us more to get demand because they needed it more. And you have
pointed out what could be a very unfortunate thing for many players in our industry. So yes, silver lining is
one way to describe it. I do believe that in the long run we will emerge from this in a much better position,
a stronger competitor, and we will end up being better off, though, of course, no one would ever hope for
that to happen under that way.

In regards to the consumer, consumers are amazing how they learn very rapidly how to save money,
get value when they see a new app. And it's interesting. You don't even see announcements of them in
different products many times. It's just you're playing around with it and you see it. Now we, of course,
will be using all sorts of marketing methods to get and make sure our customers are aware of the better
way to do your travel planning, your travel execution, but I am not concerned at all that when we have
that better product, I am not concerned that people won't know about it. People will know about it.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.

Douglas Till Anmuth
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just wanted to ask 2. First, you talked about the 15% of Booking.com bookings using the payments
platform. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in terms of conversion rates and
speed to book and then other metrics that you may look at in payments? And then secondly, Glenn, you
mentioned wanting to expose flights ultimately to 50% of your customers. Just curious why that's the
number, kind of why you'd stop there?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Well, we wouldn't actually stop there. That's just my target for this year. We do intend to have 100% of
the people eventually be exposed to it and we want 100% using it. It takes time because of regulatory
licensing things. It's not as though you can just immediately just start selling airline tickets everywhere.
That takes time to get your licenses in certain jurisdictions. And David?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, let me just characterize a little bit of what we're seeing on the payment platform and why we think
it's very important, both now and in the future. So the benefits come in different areas and they're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

multiple and sometimes they are additive. So in some cases, just offering people payments in different
methodologies, payments in currency of their own choice or payment processor of their own choice would
be to offer a Chinese customer to pay in Alipay, WeChat Pay or something like that. Just offering that
payment choice, even if the underlying hotel product is the same, we have seen conversion increases,
even if people don't use that choice. It's a bit like offering something in a local language. And of course,
we offer our site for local languages. The fact you offer something and present it in some of these native
language or in this case, you give them a payment choice that they recognize is actually something that
by itself will help with conversion, and we can demonstrate that, that does, albeit a small amount if they
don't use payments. And then, of course, if they do use payments, it helps a little bit more.

So you do get some conversion benefits, but the other thing the payment platform will let us do as well is
we can also, as Glenn mentioned, we can start participating in the pricing process via merchandising more
proactively. So we can offer, basically, Booking.com can get involved in that and offer Booking-sponsored
benefits or other offers to the customer that you can only really do if you are participating as a merchant
and you're taking the payments on behalf of the property and passing it through.

So the other thing that the payment platform also will do, it will help bridge a gap between a customer
and the property in terms of customers can pay in, in their payment platform or their payment currency
of choice and we can pay out to the property partner in their payment currency of choice. So for example,
again, the hotel in Italy or in Paris may not take all the payment methods that we offer to our Asian
customers, and we can give them virtual credit cards in, for example, a Mastercard or a Visa format. So
there are all sorts of different benefits from the payments platform.

Another one I talked to you about that helps in the business as well is that the agency model, of course,
leaves the payment process open to the customer to deal with the property and vice versa. And we
actually get a lot of our customer service request calls are to do with things that go wrong somewhere or
were not expected in that equation between the property and the customer where we're not participating
because we're just being agents providing the booking. So we find if we manage the payment process, we
can reduce the number of customer service incidents around a payment question and actually increase the
overall satisfaction and experience of both the customer and the property partner.

So there are many benefits of the payment platform. As I said, I mentioned a few. In some cases, you get
all of them in one transaction. In some cases, you only get one, but it's something that we are developing
rapidly inside of Booking.com. Of course, we got a lot of experience in payments in both Agoda and in
Priceline so we're taking leverage of that capability where we've already seen those benefits occur.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.

Heath Patrick Terry
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Great. You called out specifically the January 21 date as the one where you've sort of started to see the
headlines for coronavirus. Wondering if you could share with us sort of where your expectations were
then for bookings growth in the quarter just to get a better sense of sort of where the magnitude of the
shift between then and where we are now. And then also as we think about sort of where you're seeing
the divergence in bookings growth and room night growth continuing and spreading. I know in the past,
you've talked about, obviously, that being a function of cheaper ADRs. Just wondering if maybe you could
get a little bit more into detail with us on that as far as how much of that is geographic, how much of
that is, you believe, customers continuing to downshift to cheaper rooms and how much of it might be an
access to inventory issue as hotels look to retain more of their compression nights for their own platform.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Let me take those in reverse order. So the ADR question, probably the best place to go is back to
Q4 because we were operating, obviously, in a business as usual type environment. And without going
through a long explanation because we gave a fairly long explanation to what's happening to ADRs and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

why we saw that ADR reduction in the fourth quarter, bear in mind, part of it is because we were lapping
a rather unusual increase a year ago, so the 4 really became a 3, if you normalize that. And then we saw
basically half of that decline due to lower rates in the key countries, which were like U.S., Japan, Hong
Kong. Of course, again, on a pre-virus model and some of that was macro. About half of the decline in
ADRs was due to a shift towards lower ADR countries. Again, some of that was also macro because some
of the higher ADR countries got very expensive from an FX point of view. So when we go back and look
at Q4 and look at Q3, we saw basically 2 points of normalized reduction in ADRs in Q3 and 3 points in
Q4. We believe about half of that was kind of macro and half of that was mix-related going forward. So
hopefully, that gives you a little bit of flavor as to kind of what's going on. Going into 2020, we expected
the ADR reductions to be down to a couple of points, again, on a pre-coronavirus basis basically, just
assuming that the macro piece of that continued with a little bit more in the first half and a little bit less in
the second half due to lapping effects of what we saw occurring last year.

And just to go back to your very first part of the question. Just like we try not to give specific guidance
for where we were for the year pre the coronavirus, and we did give you, I think, a fairly good flavor as to
how we thought the business would operate during the year pre the coronavirus, we try not to get into a
lot of bridging exercises between where we were Q1 before and afterwards. For what it's worth, I can tell
you that we were tracking nicely ahead of our internal expectations for the first 3 weeks in January, but
that's only a 3-week period of time. So take it for what it's worth, but we were running slightly in front of
the expectation we had for the year, which I outlined relative to when we talked about 2019 and where we
expected things to continue into 2020. I don't want to get into a specific, we thought room night growth
would be X and now it's Y because we can never really compare against that hypothetical growth. We were
comfortable with where the year was shaping up. We felt good about the profile of business we talked
about in 2020 relative to what we saw in 2019 and the business model continuing. And hopefully, that
gives you a flavor you can have, really come to your own conclusion as to what it was. But we're pleased
with how things were shaping up going into '20 and the shape of '20 as we looked at the full year.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So this concludes the remarks. And I just want to end by saying in summary, our 2019 performance met
some important financial and strategic goals. And I'm very pleased about the steps we have taken to date
to provide more value to the customers and our supply partners, and we look forward to doing more so in
the future. And we're going to manage through the current travel environment, and I am very confident in
our long-term prospects.

And finally, I want to thank our supplier and marketing partners, our more than 26,000 employees
distributed across more than 300 offices and a very special thank you to a subset of those 26,000 who
over the last couple of months had been working so hard in this environment. I want to thank them very
much. And most of all, I want to thank our traveler customers who are out there exploring the world.
Good night.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 26, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

