Booking Holdings Inc. NasdaqGS:BKNG
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

33.03

37.70

Revenue  (mm)

4290.56

4676.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-01-2021 11:11 PM GMT

14.14

8.98

15.08

40.79

98.24

2834.36

10418.30

15177.42

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(4.22)

(6.11)

(2.18)

33.03

(0.57)

(5.26)

(2.55)

37.70

NM

NM

NM

14.14 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Douglas Till Anmuth
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Eric James Sheridan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Justin Post
BofA Securities, Research Division

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Zachary Tempe Morrissey
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Booking Holdings Third Quarter 2021
Conference Call.

Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements,
which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to
certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may
differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements.

Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than
historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could
cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press
release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with accompanying financial and
statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website at
www.bookingholdings.com.

And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David
Goulden. And I'll turn the call over to Glenn Fogel, CEO. Please go ahead, sir.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' third quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by
our CFO, David Goulden.

I am pleased to be reporting strong results today for our peak travel season. Compared with 2019, Q3
room nights were down 18%, which was an improvement from the 22% decline we previously reported
for the month of July and the 26% decline in Q2. The improvement since July was primarily driven by
stronger room night trends in Europe. In the United States, room night growth in Q3 was strong but lower
than Q2. These room night declines in Q3 were about in line with Q2 and remained down significantly
versus 2019.

International travel, which is important to our business, drove the overall sequential improvement in room
night trends from Q2 to Q3. Nevertheless, our international room night remains significantly depressed
versus 2019.

Q3 consolidated revenue of $4.7 billion was more than double the amount of revenue in Q2. The third
quarter was also our most profitable quarter since Q3 2019, with $2.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA and a
45% adjusted EBITDA margin.

Moving into the fourth quarter. We have seen a further improvement in our room night trends in October,
including early signs of a pickup in room night trends in Asia. However, recently rising COVID case counts
in many countries, including several important European countries, adds to the uncertainty around how
November and December trends will progress. David will provide additional details on our third quarter
results and what we are seeing so far in the fourth quarter in his remarks.

The improvement in trends we saw in the third quarter and so far in the fourth quarter following the
negative -- following a negative impact from the Delta variant in July and August once again demonstrates

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

the resilience of leisure travelers who are looking to travel when it is safe to do so and restrictions are
lifted. We are confident that we are on the path to the eventual strong recovery in travel demand globally.

As the global recovery continues, we are making progress strengthening our core accommodation business
to support its long-term growth. As I said before, the strength of our core business comes from driving
benefits to our traveler customers and our supply partners alike.

For our customers, we are aiming to create a superior booking experience and build stronger relationships,
which we believe is accomplished by addressing our customers' critical needs of value, choice and ease of
use. We continue to see Booking.com's pre-pandemic customers coming back and booking with us while
we're also attracting new customers. Importantly, we see our top customers from before the pandemic
returning to us at a meaningfully higher frequency than other customers.

Providing attractive prices on accommodations is a key component of offering value for our customers.
We work closely with our supply partners to increase participation in our targeted rate programs to ensure
that compelling prices are available to our customers. Our Genius loyalty program at Booking.com is a
great example of a program where hundreds of thousands of our property partners are participating to
offer lower rates and other benefits such as complementary practice, room upgrades and discounted
airport taxis to our large customer base.

In addition to offering lower rates on accommodations, we have recently extended lower rates on rental
cars to our Genius customers. This is just one example of the way we continue to innovate and add value
for our Genius members.

With about 2/3 of our room nights booked on mobile devices and the majority of those booked through
the app, it's critical that we provide our customers with a positive bookings experience on our app. The
app is an important platform as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers. And
ultimately, we see it as the center of our connected trip experience.

In the third quarter, Booking.com was once again the #1 downloaded OTA app globally according to a
third-party research firm. Also in the third quarter, we surpassed 100 million monthly active app users
for the first time. The recent growth of Booking.com's app is encouraging, and we are working hard to
continue to build on this success.

In the third quarter, we saw a higher mix of our customers booking directly with us than in the third
quarter of 2019. Our direct mix improved even as we leaned into performance marketing channels during
our peak travel season. While we will continue to invest in performance marketing, we will also look to
expand the diversity of our marketing and customer acquisition channels as we aim to drive incremental
traffic to our platform and increase consumer awareness of our brands.

For example, with our ambition to acquire more customers in the medium intent space, we've made
progress in strengthening our foundations for digital marketing, including in social channels, though our
spend so far has been small. However, we're increasingly confident in the potential for these channels. And
as we see positive results, we expect to raise our level of participation there.

Remaining active and investing effectively across marketing channels is made even more important by
the opportunity to acquire bookers who are new to online booking channels. Travel, like many industries
during pandemic, has seen a meaningful shift from offline to online according to third-party data, and this
has increased our addressable market.

For our supply partners, we are focused on bringing incremental demand to their properties from the
broad audience of potentianl customers on our platform. In a survey of 600 small and medium hoteliers in
Europe conducted earlier this year, 85% of response agreed that online platforms are a cost-efficient way
to increase the reach of their hotel and source more diverse guests.

We agree with this statement and believe it applies more broadly. Whether we are working with a small
and medium hotel in Europe for an alternative accommodation or a large global hotel chain, we strive to
be a valuable partner to all accommodation types on our platform.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

With our chain hotel partners, we are continuing to see increased engagement relative to 2019 levels,
which shows up in higher levels of participation in our programs that enable them to differentiate and
promote themselves on our platform.

For our alternative accommodations, the global mix of room nights in Q3 of about 30% was up slightly
from Q3 2019. This increase in alternative combination share of our business in the quarter was less than
it was in Q2 as we saw a greater sequential improvement in demand for hotel room nights in Europe from
Q2 to Q3. Our property count of about 2.4 million and reported listings of over 28 million on Booking.com
remained stable relative to the prior quarter.

Let me talk more about some of our key strategic priorities, payments and the connected trip, both of
which we believe will further enhance the strength of our core accommodations business and support its
continued growth.

Turning to payments at Booking.com. Last quarter, we spoke about the organization of all of our payments
initiatives and efforts within a new fintech unit at Booking.com. The recently established fintech unit
enables Booking.com to have a dedicated focus on enhancing payments in our core business for both
customers and partners as well as monetizing our overall transaction flows via new payments-related
products and services.

Adoption of our payment solutions by our supply partners in both the U.S. and Europe continues to grow.
Adoption in the U.S. has seen significant increases recently, driven by the additions of some major hotel
chains in the second and third quarters, which we will look to build on in the fourth quarter.

In Europe, more customers are choosing to pay using Booking.com's payment platform when
finalizing their booking as attractive and localized options are provided. This is a result in nearly 1/3 of
Booking.com's total gross bookings in Q3 being processed through our payment platform, which is up from
about 22% for the full year 2020.

The fintech unit is also driving continued payments innovation to ensure that growth is sustained into
the future. This includes offering low-cost payout choices to our suppliers as well as partnering with
third parties to provide payment solutions to our bookers, such as Buy Now, Pay Later. We believe these
efforts help position Booking.com as an attractive and trusted payment intermediary for all parties on our
platform.

On our connected trip vision, we have been focused this year on enabling travelers to book the major
elements of their trip in one place on Booking.com. We continue to work on scaling up a robust flight
platform on Booking.com, which will give us the ability to engage with flight bookers early in their travel
journey and allow us an opportunity to cross-sell our accommodation and other services to these bookers.
Booking.com's product is now live in 27 countries.

Total company air tickets in the third quarter was up 131% versus Q3 2019, primarily driven by strength
at Priceline, but also helped by Booking.com's life offering, which continues to meaningfully exceed our
expectations. While it remains early days for Booking's flight product, we are seeing that over 25%
of Booking's flight bookers are entirely new customers. With these new customers, we are seeing an
encouraging attach rate of accommodation bookings.

However, there is more work to be done to further optimize the cross-sell opportunity. The early signals
help demonstrate though that a flight offering can drive incremental new customers to the platform to
which we can cross-sell our accommodation product.

We are beginning to test initiatives targeting these new flight customers, including, for example,
encouraging account creation to activate Genius status and in some cases, offering additional incentives
for them to book accommodations. We remain focused on continuing to test and innovate in order to build
on the early successes we are seeing with flights at Booking.com. We're also continuing to run tests using
offerings from our verticals like rental cars and taxis.

Now before closing, I do want to note that as world leaders assembled this week in Glasgow for the COP26
Summit, discussing the urgency of tackling the global climate crisis, I cannot overstate the importance

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

for our industry to come together to work for the goal of carbon neutrality by 2050. Decarbonization
is a major challenge for the entire industry and solving this challenge requires the commitment of all
stakeholders.

I am proud to say that our company, Booking Holdings, is committed to addressing this challenge. We
recently released a report that we commissioned with EY Parthenon that looks into what will it take to
get the accommodations industry specifically to a carbon-neutral future. While a big task, data shows
it is achievable. At Booking.com, we are working on making it easier for travelers to find and choose
sustainable accommodation options when booking their travel.

In addition, we're working with our accommodation supply partners by sharing guidance, insights and
best practices to enhance sustainability initiatives at the property level. Of course, there is much more
that must be done. But we believe that we are taking important steps to contribute to a more sustainable
future for our industry. And finally, we plan on publishing a Booking Holdings climate transition plan in
early 2022, which we'll speak more about at that time.

In conclusion, we executed well and produced strong results in our peak travel season, which is a credit
to the hard work and support provided by the many teams across our company. I'm encouraged by the
signs of recovery we are seeing in many parts of the world, and I'm confident that we are on the path to
an eventual strong recovery in travel demand globally.

We continue with our important work to strengthen our company's position and execute against our
strategic priorities. As I've said before, we were thinking about our business beyond just getting back to
2019 levels of demand and we are focused on building a larger and faster-growing business that generates
more earnings after the full recovery and for the long run.

I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden. David? David, is dialing back in, I think.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I'm back in, Glenn. Sorry, have you just finished?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I just finished.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

All right. Perfect timing. Thank you, I was cut off and I'm back in again. So thank you, Glenn, and good
afternoon. I'll review our results for the third quarter to provide some color on the trends we've seen so
far in the fourth quarter. To avoid the comparison to the pandemic-impacted periods in 2020, all growth
rates are relative to comparable periods in 2019, unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding
reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release.

Now on to our results for the third quarter. On our last earnings call, we discussed the improvement in
trends that we saw throughout the second quarter driven by the U.S. and Europe, followed by a mass
pullback in July. After our earnings call, we saw our overall trends improve in August and continue to get
better in September, which resulted in Q3 reported room nights declining 18% versus Q3 2019, which was
ahead of the 26% decline in Q2 and the 22% decline in July. September was the strongest month in the
third quarter, with room nights declining 14%, about the same level as June.

The improvements in the Q3 room night decline versus Q2 were driven primarily by Europe, which
benefited from strong cross-border travel within the region. In Q3, room nights in Europe were down mid-
single digits versus 2019, with room nights trends improving in August versus July. September was similar
to August. You will recall the room night growth pulled back from June to July in Europe due to concerns
over the Delta variant.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Rest of world also improved from Q2 to Q3. In the U.S., we -- Q2 to Q3. However, the U.S. still had strong
growth in the quarter and remained our strongest performing major country in Q3. Within the U.S., we
saw a meaningful slowdown in August from the very strong growth we experienced in July, followed by a
recovery to strong growth in September. The slowdown in the U.S. in August was due to concerns about
the Delta variants. Asian room night declines in Q3 were about in line with Q2. Room nights in Asia was
still down significantly from 2019 levels.

Mobile bookings, primarily through our apps, represented about 2/3 of our total room nights. Our apps
continue to represent an increasing percentage of our mobile bookings. In Q3, as Glenn mentioned, we
achieved an important milestone in the use of our app Booking.com, surpassing 100 million monthly active
users.

We're also pleased to see the number of unique customers booking via our app in the quarter grew
strongly compared with Q3 2019. Our direct channel as a percentage of our room nights year-on-year and
relative to Q3 2019 increased.

While international room nights remain downwards in 2019, we saw another sequential improvement in
our international trends, with the international mix of our room nights increasing to about 33% in Q3 from
about 25% in Q2 and about 15% in Q1. Most of this improvement in international room nights came from
bookings for travel within Europe. We continue to see double-digit growth in domestic room nights in Q3
but at a slightly lower level than in Q2.

The pickup in international travel in the quarter was a driver of the improvements in overall room night
trends from Q2 to Q3. However, international room nights were down almost 50% compared with Q3 2019
levels.

Our Q3 cancellation rate was slightly above Q3 2019 levels. However, cancellation rates improved in the
quarter, and September was slightly better than 2019 for the month. Percentage of our -- of our Q3 2021
bookings made with flexible cancellation policies remained significantly higher than in Q3 2019.

The booking window of Booking.com remain shorter than it was in the third quarter of 2019 and
contracted more than it did in Q2 as we saw a high mix of near-term bookings during our peak summer
season. All regions had a shorter booking window in Q3 than in Q3 2019.

For our alternative accommodations, the global mix of room nights in Q3 of about 30% was up slightly
from Q3 2019. The increase in mixed alternative accommodations in the quarter was less than it was in
Q2 as we saw a great -- a greater sequential improvement in demand for hotel room nights in Europe
from Q2 to Q3. Our alternative accommodation room nights in Europe grew slightly in August and
September versus 2019 and for the quarter were about in line with Q3 2019. We believe we benefited
from the strength of our portfolio in Europe, where we can respond to solid demand for alternative
accommodations and an improving demand for hotels.

Gross bookings declined 6% in Q3, which is less than the decline in room nights due to the increase
in average day rates for accommodations of about 10% versus 2019 on a constant currency basis and
also due to a couple of points of benefit from changes in FX rates and strong performance in our flight
business.

Our accommodation constant currency ADR benefited by just over 5 percentage points from an increased
mix of business in North America, which is a high ADR region and a decrease of mix in Asia, which is a low
ADR region. Excluding regional mix effects, constant currency ADRs were up just over 4%, driven mainly
by rate increases in Europe and North America across many destination types with notable strength in
beach-oriented leisure destinations.

Airline tickets booked in the third quarter were up 131% versus 2019, driven by very strong growth of
Priceline and by flight bookings at Booking.com. We're encouraged to see another quarter of triple-digit
growth from our flights business, which is a key component of our multiproduct connected trip strategy.

Consolidated revenue for the third quarter was $4.7 billion, which was 7% below Q3 2019 and was more
than double the amount of revenue in Q2 2021, a far greater sequential improvement than in 2019. Our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Q3 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was about in line with Q3 2019, which was in line with
our expectations. We experienced even more revenue seasonality in Q3 2021 than normal due to the
concentration of stays in Q3 from bookings made in the quarter and also from bookings [indiscernible]
when customers could book at combinations but could not stay due to restrictions and other COVID-
related concerns.

The strong top line performance resulted in adjusted EBITDA of $2.1 billion in the third quarter, which was
15% below Q3 2019. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense item, decreased 3% versus
Q3 2019. Marketing expense declined by a few points less than gross bookings due to slightly lower ROIs
in paid channels as we invested into capturing demand during the peak travel season.

Sales -- our expenses in Q3 were significantly higher than they were in Q2 on a dollar basis due to higher
volume of merchant gross bookings, which increased as a percentage of total gross bookings in the third
quarter. At Booking.com, the amount of gross bookings processed through our payment platform in Q3
was over $6 billion, which was almost 1/3 of Booking.com's business, up from about 1/4 in Q2.

Our more fixed expense categories in Q3 in aggregate came in 3% lower than Q2, as the $136 million of
personnel expense in the second quarter related to our decision to repay the government aid was mostly
offset by an increase from Q2 to Q3 in our bonus accruals and digital service tax expense, both of which
are accrued proportional to revenue.

Our non-GAAP EPS was $37.70, down 17% versus Q3 2019. Non-GAAP net income of $1.6 billion reflects
a non-GAAP tax rate of 21%, which is higher than the 19% in Q3 2019 due to a higher proportion of
nontax expenses in relation to lower pretax income versus 2019.

On a GAAP basis, we had operating income of $2 billion in Q3. We recorded GAAP net income of $769
million in the quarter, which includes a $1 billion pretax unrealized loss on our equity investments,
primarily related to our investment in Meituan as well as income tax expense of $199 million.

Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q3 ending cash investment balance of $15.4 billion was
down versus our Q2 ending balance of $16.1 billion as the $1.5 billion of free cash flow was more than
offset by the repayment of a $1 billion convertible note maturing in Q3 and the $1 billion unrealized loss
on our equity investments.

The return of capital to shareholders has and will be an important component of our value creation
strategy. Throughout the COVID pandemic, we said that we restart returning capital to shareholders when
we saw that our 3 largest regions were no longer at meaningful risk of a major reversal due to COVID and
has also become more predictable. Assuming that travel recovery continues, we plan to restart returning
capital in early 2022 under our remaining authorization. Assuming continued recovery, we'd expect to
complete this organization within 3 years from restarting.

Now on to our thoughts for the fourth quarter. October room nights declined 10% versus 2019, which
is better than the 14% decline in September. The improvement in October was driven mainly by Asia,
although the region remains down considerably versus 2019. The improvement in Asia was led by
domestic travel within many countries and was driven by improving vaccination progress and governments
easing restrictions on travel.

Room night growth in the U.S. improved a little from September to October and remained strong in
October. Rest of World also improved a little in October and was back close to 2019 levels. Room night
declines in Europe were about the same in October as they were in September, but weakened towards the
end of the month. This resulted in overall room night declines being higher in the last week of October
than the average for the month. The slowdown at the end of October in Europe was driven by a number of
countries that have seen recent increases in COVID infections, including Germany, Russia and Italy.

Given the ongoing uncertainty around COVID, it's difficult to predict how room nights in November,
December will compare with the 10% reduction you saw in October. Looking forward to November and
December, the rising case counts across many important Western European countries and across much
of Eastern Europe as well at the start of the winter season in the Northern Hemisphere, which in 2020
contributed to an increase in COVID cases, creates unpredictability. Also pre-pandemic, the contribution

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

of Asia to total room nights were highest in November and December, and Asia is still our least recovered
region.

On a more positive note, since the U.S. announced in late September plans to ease travel restrictions in
November for international travelers who are vaccinated, we've seen a significant improvement in room
nights booked by Europeans that travel to the U.S. as well as the reverse. Also, we're pleased to see more
gross bookings on the books for the Christmas, New Year period than we saw at this time in 2019 in the
U.S. and Western Europe.

Turning to the income statement. We expect Q4 gross bookings to decline by a few points less than room
nights, driven by higher reported ADRs and flight bookings versus 2019. We expect less of an increase in
our ADRs in Q4 than Q3 due to less of a benefit from regional mix as the Asia region continues to recover
but also due to lower occupancy rates after the peak travel season.

We expect Q4 revenue to decline more than gross bookings due to a couple of factors. The first is that due
to short booking window in Q3, a lower percentage of Q3 bookings than normal will stay in Q4. The second
is due to our expectation that the booking window will contract less in Q4 than it did in Q3, resulting in
more bookings made in the quarter that are expected to check in, in future quarters. As a result, we
expect our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be more than 1% below Q4 2019. This also
means we expect Q4 revenue to have a greater sequential decrease from Q3 than we saw in 2019, and we
expect Q4 revenue to decline more than it did in Q3.

We expect Q4 marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings to increase slightly versus 2019 as
we expect to invest in capturing demand and increasing awareness during the continued global recovery
of travel demand. We expect Q4 sales and other expenses to be lower than they were in Q3 due to lower
merchant transaction volumes. However, we expect sales and other expenses in the fourth quarter to be
higher than in Q4 2019 due to higher merchant volumes and mix.

We expect our more fixed expense carries in Q4 in aggregate to be about in line with Q3 on a dollar basis.
We expect Q4 EBITDA to be positive driven largely by the higher -- but driven largely by the higher-than-
normal seasonal decrease in revenue, we expect a much greater seasonal sequential decrease in EBITDA
from Q3 to Q4 than normal.

In conclusion, we are pleased with our recovery in the top line in Q3, which led to strong financial results
for the quarter. The financial strength we saw in Q3 was helped by the concentration of stays in the
quarter, which will lead to some differences in the comparison of Q4 to Q3 relative to what we've seen in
prior years.

October room night trends improved relative to September driven by some encouraging trends in Asia.
However, recently, the rising case counts across Europe increases the uncertainty about how trends will
progress in November and December.

In closing, we're confident in our ability to capture demand as the global recovery continues and to
execute against our strategic priorities.
With that, I'll now take your questions. And Eli, I turn it over to you to open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Justin Post of Bank of America.

Justin Post
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. Great to see Europe recovering. With room nights down 10% versus '19, Glenn, maybe you could
go through what needs to happen from here to get above '19? What areas still need to come back strong?
I imagine it's Asia, but your thoughts on that. And then -- and David, maybe you could talk about core
business margins versus '19. Let's ignore payments and connected trip for now. But how are you thinking
of the puts and takes on the core business versus '19?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Justin, so I don't think it's a very hard answer really what we need. What we need is obviously more of a
recovery against this pandemic because that's clearly what's driving the problem in many industries, ours
particularly. For us, we've talked about this a few times. We talked about our business has done well with
international. And international generally has been hard hit, albeit we are seeing some better things, but
that the long haul is still a problem.

Yes, we're seeing some numbers coming up in Asia. Great. I love it. The fact that people are getting more
vaccinated in Asia, that's great. The fact that vaccines are being distributed more broadly and getting
around, that's great. The fact that the pharmaceutical companies are coming out with new ways to combat
against this terrible virus with pills now that can help people who have caught it end up being hopefully
healthier quicker.

All the things, but what we need really is for everyone who can get a vaccine to please go out and get
that vaccine if you're medically able to and you're capable of getting it, please get it. That will help hasten
the recovery for not only the travel industry, but the entire world. And that's what we hope will happen.
Obviously, we're doing everything we can. So we're prepared when that day comes, which it will. We can't
say when, but we know it will come.

And we're preparing by doing all the things that Dave and I have been talking about, preparing with our
partners and getting our marketing prepared and doing all the steps that you know we've been doing to
make sure that when travel comes back to above 2019, we're getting the share we want to be getting.
And David, do you want to add -- you can answer the second question and add to mine too.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So no, I won't add to yours, which I think was great. Justin, we've actually beat this before, so I'll
be relatively quick on the puts and takes in the core accommodation business. Our underlying take rates
have been solid. And obviously, the reported take rates are a function of timing. So that continues to go
well for us. As we get to -- back to 2019 levels, there will be some inflationary pressure on the personnel
line. Everybody knows there's a war for tech talent out there, and we've had 2, 3 years worth of merit
increases and other expenses -- and other increases in our cost base. Of course, we did take expenses
out, but there are variable expenses. So they will come back with some efficiency over time, but there will
be some pressure on the personnel line.

But there are other things that aren't in the model that we can use to offset that pressure. We can get
extra economies of scale as the business grows beyond 2019 levels on both the fixed costs and on the
variable cost side as well. There are opportunities in our direct mix, which, of course, is very important.
And of course, a key element of this all happens to our overall ROI on the performance marketing side
where we saw some increases in the first half of the year. We saw some small compression in the second

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

half of this year, but those markets are very variable and very dynamic, and we're pleased with how we're
doing in those markets.

The last thing I want to leave you with on that topic is that within our core business, there's always a
trade-off between growth, market share and profitability. So to the extent we see opportunities, we're
leaning in. We want to try and drive market share increases where we think that we can. That will
pressure the business in the short term as we lean into making that investment, and also the investment
in marketing and other areas will basically be a leading indicator relative to revenue.

So there will -- and we do believe that there are opportunity for us to gain share in accommodations
through this recovery and beyond. So that would be an additional factor in the mix of how we think about
the long-term business margins in accommodations.

Operator

Your next question is from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. Hoping to dig into ad spend trends a little bit. So spend is going up a little. How much of that
is booking and getting more aggressive as demand picks up versus a more competitive overall ad
environment? And then compared to 2019, has the distribution name brand and performance changed
meaningfully? And lastly, can you give us an update on the kind of merchandising and promotion -- some
of the merchandising promotion tests that you've done over the past couple of quarters?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So David, why don't you take the first 2 about the ad competitiveness and I think some brand question,
and I will talk a little bit about some of the merchandising.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Exactly. Thank you. Let's do that. So Kevin, if you remember, we -- on the last call, we said that we expect
to see some reduction in ROIs in Q3 versus 2019. And actually, the ROIs came out very much where we
expected them to. Actually, our direct mix was slightly better than we expected in Q3, and that's why
there was less of a compression in the difference between gross bookings and marketing than we actually
expected in Q3. So that's positive. It really -- something that we -- I'd say that was more what we did
because we expected that to be the outcome.

Of course, these markets are dynamic and as recovery continues, more and more players will come back
into the marketplace. But basically what happened in Q3 was very much in line with what we told you a
quarter ago would happen. The mix in between brands and the performance has not materially changed. If
you recall back in 2019, we were over 90% -- or around 90% of our marketing spend was in performance
marketing. We are looking to move up -- to move the brand spend up a little bit over time. But of course,
brand has been very much shut down in 2020 is now coming back on in 2021.

So we're not in a very different position than where we were in 2019, but we do see the opportunity to
continue to trend a little bit more towards brands, some of which might go at the mid-funnel market
opportunities that Glenn talked about. And then Glenn, I'll hand over to you to talk about the third one.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So Kevin, obviously, merchandising is very important. The reason why we built out and are continuing
to build out our payments platform at Booking.com is making sure that we're able to compete and provide
great value to our customers. And what's really important is not doing just out of our own pocket, but

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

working with our partners, coming up with the right time to the right consumer, the right offer and helping
them, our supply partners, also provide some of that, let's say, added value.

So for example, we may do flash sales. You may -- hopefully you've seen some, hopefully you caught
some, you actually book some of them. That's an example. One of the things, for example, when
somebody is getting an accommodation and we're able to offer them either lower cost or even free
sometimes ride from the airport to the hotel. And there are real different variations that we can do with
the different verticals and coming up with the best combination, trying to do as much as we can with our
suppliers' money but sometimes using our own, too, to come up what really is an attractive offer, so the
consumer knows that when they come to our site, they're getting the best value because value really is
one of the key strategic objectives for us, always to be providing that.

Operator

Your next question is from Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research.

Zachary Tempe Morrissey
Wolfe Research, LLC

This is Zach on for Deepak. First on pent-up demand. Obviously, it's been a nice tailwind to your business
over just general travel demand over the last few quarters. But just curious how you're thinking about
whether there's another leg to run on the level of pent-up demand. Asia is still kind of depressed, as you
noted, and cross-border restrictions are kind of easing. So as we look into next year, how are you guys
thinking about the level of pent-up demand?

And then second, when we kind of dig a little further into the current trends, is there any kind of reversal
in terms of urban versus suburban or shorter versus longer-term stays that you can call out?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Zach, so just to make sure I understood your first part of your question, you're just asking a little bit
about how we're going to get the demand that's coming in the future. Do I have that correct?

Zachary Tempe Morrissey
Wolfe Research, LLC

Just, I guess, like understanding whether level of pent-up demand that you guys kind of expecting as we
move into next year, given there's still current travel restrictions, especially on the cross-border side and
Asia's still -- remains depressed. So as we look into next year, should we see another kind of boost here?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Got it. I got it. Okay. Why don't I take that first half, and then I'll let David say whatever what we feel we
can disclose regarding any of the trends regarding different parts of the business. So we absolutely know
there's huge pent-up demand because any time any government lets go a restriction, we see immediate,
immediate pumped demand.

So for example, the announcement of the November 8 opening for people to come to the U.S.,
immediately, we saw demand. In the U.K., when they changed restriction, immediate demand. So we
know it's there. Absolutely.

Now how much? We don't have a way to quantify it. But we do know if you look at -- particularly in the
U.S., when you look at what people's savings rates are right now, we have been able to save a lot of
money during this pandemic, and they want to spend it. And one of the things people have not been able
to do as much they want to is go travel. So I believe there is a significant amount of demand, they're
just waiting to come out. But of course, it has to -- we have to have these restrictions for the long-haul
international travel open up. And we also -- we know that it's important that we always provide the best

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

value because when they do travel, they come to us. And Dave, I don't know what you can say about
suburban, local, far, what you can say.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Zach, Q3 saw a strong recovery across the geographies that we talked about. So I'd say that there's
still a bias towards a more leisure outdoor-oriented activity, particularly beach-oriented properties did very
well in the summer months, the North Hemisphere. But we do see some recovery into the cities as well.
I mean I think that we all know that anecdotally, if you want to book a hotel room in a city, it's becoming
increasingly hard. So we are seeing recovery across the board, although still more oriented towards the
outdoor beach-oriented leisure locations.

Operator

Your next question is from Mark Mahaney from Evercore ISI.

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Three quick ones, please. Any impact at all from IDFA? Secondly, those 100 million mobile app MAUs,
do you have enough history to know if those are -- if they act materially different? Are they more or less
profitable? Are they more or less loyal than -- more or less likely to convert than the users that you had
coming at you from other platforms?

And then third, please, the rolling out of the air products to more markets, you have it in 21 markets. You
rolled out some good statistics here about how 25% of the customers are new. And there was something
you said about add-on sales, if you could just repeat what that was. But it all sounds like that's a really
good product addition. So I guess the action question is, why aren't -- how long will it take you to roll it
out fully across all markets given how positive it's been so far?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Mark. Why don't I take -- let me do the air question first. Then I'll talk a little bit about IDFA,
and I'll let David what he wants to say about our app and I'm not sure I'll let him be as free as he wants
to be or not about what we see in terms of profitability, et cetera. So you're absolutely right about the
air business, very exciting for us, of course, and we've been working on it. And it's interesting because I
happen to have noticed that in the first quarter call, in 2020, just as things started going very bad for the
whole world, we were talking about the -- just starting out in the air business at Booking.com in the fourth
quarter of 2019.

And I mentioned about we are striving to get to that 50% coverage of Booking.com customers. I was
looking forward to hopefully doing that for 2020. And of course, that didn't quite happen, exactly what we
wanted. But the question, and it wasn't from you, Mark, who was another analyst who asked about why
not 100%. And I said, well, the 50% was just what I want to get to that year. Of course, we want to get
to 100%, and that still is the same thing. Yes, we're in 27 countries. Of course, we want to get to every
single country that anybody we currently deal with, we want to be able to provide them with an air ticket.

But it takes time. So it's not something you just flip a switch. You have to actually go through regulations
to get licensing and all those sorts of things. So we're rolling it out as we can, as we should, and we will
get to 100% at some point. Now I do want to point out that we are at that -- over that 50% number right
now. So I am pleased with where we are with that.

I also want to say, though, it's still so early. We're not doing big marketing yet, real big marketing. There
are a lot of opportunities to get a much higher number of people coming to this air product. And the
reason that we like it, not only the 25% of the new customers, which, of course, is fantastic, but is that
attachment rate, which I haven't given a number, but I'm pleased with where we are with that right now.
And again, that's something we have not optimized yet. There's a lot of opportunity there to optimize that
and get an even higher attach rate.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And that's part of the overall vision of being able to bring new customers in from different verticals in
different ways than we've done in the past, which we primarily pay for performance marketing and being
able to bring a lot more customer and as we talked a little bit earlier in a previous answer about being able
to provide them with a lot more value.

Your first question about IDFA, look, these privacy-related changes, they only impact a small part of our
marketing and it's obviously not unique to our company. We know that's very common. We can manage
through this. And as we know -- as you know, most of our marketing, primarily -- it's paid marketing
channels like PPC and meta, and that's not going to be directly impacted by any of these kinds of changes.

Our focus is always first-party data. We want to leverage the data in the marketing. And any of these
changes to privacy like the IDFA, this does not really impact us.

And I think you would know, we chose not to show the app -- tracking app back in April -- April '21, this
year, April, while the IDFA specifically decided not to do that, and of course, you've seen our results since
then, so I really don't think this is a big deal for us. I'm very proud of the team in our whole marketing.
They will be able to work and come up with, I would say, privacy-oriented ways to continue to be able to
market with good tracking and ROIs. And David, I think you had number 2, which is about the monthly
active users for mobile.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I've got number 2. And Mark, what I can tell you is we kind of watch very carefully how are different
types of direct user response. And obviously, the more direct we can get, the better and the more -- the
direct customers return direct, they're better still. And there are 3 types of direct customers. There's direct
customers using the app, direct customers that come to us on the mobile web, there are customers who
come to us on desktop.

And perhaps not too surprisingly, the direct customers on the app measured by the metrics I just talked
about are our most loyal cohort of direct customers. So it's a good thing. We want to get more of that.
And a lot of our marketing that we do, these agency-oriented apps, getting people to download and use
the app because it's sticky.

Operator

Next, we have Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs.

Eric James Sheridan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I want to come back to the comments you talked about a little bit earlier about the dynamics around hotel
room night growth or traditional hotel supply room night growth versus alternative accommodations.
Curious what your view is on how the landscape on both the supply and the demand side might evolve
as we move into a post-pandemic world and aim towards summer of 2022. And how you think about
making investments on supply to match up the way in which there might be a more normalized travel
environment in '22?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

I'll give my first comments, and I'll let -- David can always add, if he'd like. So we saw before the
pandemic an increase in the alternative accommodations business as it became a larger and larger share
of the total accommodations business and it was going on a pretty steady rate going up. And dynamic
happens and you get a step change. And as people desire safety, being away from crowd, and they go
there.

And now we've seen for ourselves, we've seen people liking hotels and that. I think the long-term trend,
though, will continue. And I think if you look 5 years in the future, I think alternative accommodations will
be a higher share. So that means, of course, for us, is we've talked about this in the past, how important

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

it is that we go out and make sure we get the best supply we can get. And that means working hard on
that and making sure that the people who own these properties see us as a platform that they want to use
that's first in their mind that this is a great way to fill up their properties. And that's something that we are
working on, absolutely.

The demand side is similar. Go to Europe, and we've talked about them in the past, and say, where can
I get a villa in the south of France, people will say, I think Booking.com is a great place. He went to the
U.S., and he said, hey, I need a vacation, a place to ski, they may not think of Booking.com first. We got
to get that awareness up. And I've talked about that in the past, and that's something we have to do also.

But one of the truly great things about Booking.com is we offer more of both. Nobody offers -- you put
together hotels and alternative accommodations. You put that together, we're the ones who have both of
those. And I really believe that's a superior way for somebody to decide what they're going to choose in
terms of accommodation. And we see this in our data. We see people come. They look -- first start looking
at one type and then they end up booking another type, and they're able to compare and contrast, both
to see the reviews on both, look at the prices on both. What are they going to get for one, what are they
going to get from the other. And that's why we believe we have a superior offering to the consumer.

And I do believe, though, that it is something that absolutely is going to continue. But on the other side,
you all see the hotels, they're making some moves themselves, and they're coming up with ways to offer a
better offering, providing some of the benefits of an alternative accommodation to a consumer, particularly
so they are prepared as people work in a new way in the future and want to have both the benefits of the
hotel but perhaps more room or more services that you can get in terms of making sure you have good
WiFi or a place you can do your work at. And that's something I see also, hotels are definitely going to be
getting into that space. David, I don't know if you want to say anything more to that?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

No, I think it was good. I'd just point out that to your point that, that strength and that balance in both
clearly contributed to us having a strong Q3 because we saw strong demand in alternative continue that
we saw sequentially a much bigger increase from Q2 to Q3 hotels that we could offer both.

Operator

Next, we have Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse.

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. So Glenn, I think in the past, we've talked about your payments product helping to expand your
TAM by onboarding those users who may not necessarily be using credit cards and instead online payment
services. Given the overall, I guess, depressed state of travel in Asia, maybe much of that value unlocked
is still in front of us. But are you seeing evidence in other regions of the world that this is helping to bring
in that incremental user? And also, just rising ability for you guys to merchandise as you do more of
the connected trip opens up a greater opportunity for you guys to run promos and change prices, and
hence, flex your gross margins up and down to drive growth on top of what has always been more of a
performance marketing-driven growth. So is there still a pretty material gap in ROI from doing one versus
the other at this point in terms of what you've perceived?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

I'll talk about the first one about our payments. I'll let David talk about ROIs on our merchandising
approach and how we're doing that. So you're absolutely right. If somebody doesn't have an ability to pay
for something because they don't have the appropriate payment method, then they're not going to be able
to buy from that person and/or that company like us. So we always have to do that.

So if you are in Southeast Asia, and let's say somebody is using, let's say, Grab, who's a partner of ours,
and they're saying GrabPay. Well, if we're not able to use GrabPay for the hotel, taking the money in from
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

the consumer, that person is not going to use us. They're going to use somebody else. And we have,
obviously, GrabPay, a partner working on that.

Or if you look at other ways, people who say they go and look, it's not in their favor, they can use another
way, they still decide not to use up. There's something else we've seen, which is really interesting, is that
just having more ways to accept payments seems to increase conversion sometimes. I don't know why. I
can't give you a science. I just see data, and this is -- that's interesting.

The other side is making sure we're paying the supplier the way they want to get the money because
sometimes they say, I don't want to get it the way you're doing it with a virtual credit card or I don't want
to get it in terms of the bank transfer. I want to get it some other way. So we've got to be able to do that,
and that improves our relationship with the suppliers. And particularly improves with the supplier when
the method that we can get the money to them is cheaper than the method they are currently using.

That's a great thing when we can do that, that's another value add to that hotel or any other type of
supplier. Lots of ways that we're going to do that, and there are all other things we're working -- the
fintech part of our business that we're just starting out. We talked last time about setting up that unit.
There are a lot of opportunities there. And we talked about how in 2019, we did over $100 billion worth of
gross bookings. And our idea is to let's find ways that we can monetize that better, and let's find ways we
can [ flag ] value to both consumers and suppliers. And David, I don't know if you want to talk a little bit
about ROIs and how we're doing the merchandise.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So as Glenn said, payments is increasingly becoming part of the core value proposition that we offer
at Booking.com, in particular, to both customers and partners. So it's no longer just kind of we think as an
add-on. It really is solving problems for both of them in cost-effective ways and risk-reduction ways that
they couldn't do as efficiently themselves. So that's why it's growing so rapidly of our mix.

Now you're right, Stephen, that once we're on payments, we can participate in merchandising. Of course,
the most efficient way to get rates is to source great rates, which Glenn talked about a fair amount in
his point. But if we need to participate over and above the sourcing and driving promotional targeting,
particular use in particular markets, we can with the payments platform.

And we now have enough experience under our belt in instrumentation around that, that we can treat
that, as you mentioned, as a marketing investment and look at it in a very similar way to the way that
we look at our spend in the performance channels, for example. Compare ROIs one versus the other and
decide what the right mix is.

So correct, with payments becoming a bigger piece of our proposition, where we can, when we need to,
when we think it makes sense, we can look at merchandising through a strong ROI lens. We can be quite
proactive in that area and compare it directly with other forms of spending on marketing.

Operator

Next, we have Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan.

Douglas Till Anmuth
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just wanted to ask about social advertising. I know the dollars there are still small. But just curious
what gives you the confidence in not working to the point of potentially adding some real dollars there.
It's an area you've tried before. So just curious kind of what's different now. And then secondly, David, if
you could just walk through those 4Q sequential revenue dynamics again and if there's something that's
particularly different as opposed to just the normal seasonality?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

So yes, so absolutely small numbers right now. And I think I said that in my prepared remarks, these are
small, small numbers right now. But obviously, there are a huge number of potential customers who are in
those areas where we want to reach out to make sure they're aware of us, and they're coming to us. So
it's a place that we're not going to ignore. Now we obviously have to come up with the right method, the
right way to present or offer it, the right way we're going to present our brand and be able to get them to
come to us. And that means we've got to be able to measure are we getting a good return or not.

And I don't want to give too much in terms of the sales how we're doing and what we're doing, but I'm
feeling good about how we're building it up. And we see the right returns, the right ROIs because we are
always very conscious of spending that advertising money the right way, then we will scale up and spend
more money. And that's something I said in the prepared remarks.

I feel good about where we are now. Because a great thing about our business, our company, the way we
think is we're not dogmatic. We don't think just because we thought it first, this would be great, that then
we absolutely do. We're going to do it, experiment, put money to work, see the results, test. And then
we'll learn. If it's great, we're going to put more money. If not, we'll come up with another way. That's
how we built this company, and that's what we'll do in the future. And David, I think there's a question for
you there.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Doug, let me explain that -- reexplain that whole seasonality thing because this is quite important,
and we can explain it at a kind of high level. So Q3 was very strong. it was almost artificially strong from
a revenue point of view because you've got 2 things unnaturally helping it. First of all, remember, a lot of
bookings in Q1, Q2 that weren't always -- stayed in Q1, Q2 stayed in Q3. So we got that benefit compared
to normal Q3. On top of that, in the quarter, more bookings in Q3 than normal stayed in Q3. So because
booking window was so short, so Q3 got topped up 2 ways from Q1, Q2 and in Q3.

So now when you think of Q4 and you're now comparing it against a very top-up Q3, and some of that
top-up in Q3 directly impacts Q4. So Q4 gets impacted by comparing against a strong Q3, but I think
some of those Q3 bookings that normally would stay in Q4 stayed in Q3. So you've now got, if you like, a
double factor driving the comparison between Q3 and Q4.

Also, we believe the booking window will start to expand in Q4. So more of the bookings in Q4 will actually
leak out of Q4 than did in Q3 relatively. So you've got these 2 factors kind of driving a very unusual
comparison between Q3 and Q4. So a fair amount more sequential revenue decline. It's all timing and
all mechanics. But think of it as a Q4 comparing Q3 on steroids. And some of the reason why Q3 was on
steroids will directly impact Q4. So that's what's going on.

Operator

And that concludes the Q&A session. I will now turn the call back to Glenn Fogel for closing remarks.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. So in closing, I want to repeat what I said at the close of last quarter's earnings call and
reiterate our strong belief that our industry's full recovery will be hastened by everyone who can get
a vaccine, going out and getting it. We urge all people who are approved for and medically able to be
vaccinated do their part to make our society safer. And we urge all advised to get a booster to go get one.

And as always, I want to thank our partners customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders.
We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you,
and please be safe. Good night.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

