Bristol-Myers Squibb Company NYSE:BMY
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.49

1.63

Revenue  (mm)

10340.25

10540.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2020 4:30 PM GMT

9.40

1.93

1.43

6.28

7.41

10747.03

42040.31

45743.82

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.16

1.45

1.48

1.49

1.22

1.72

1.63

1.63

5.17 %

18.62 %

10.14 %

9.40 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief
Commercialization Officer

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Nadim Ahmed
Executive VP & President of
Hematology

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical
Officer of Global Drug
Development

Gregory B. Gilbert
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Luisa Caroline Hector
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Matthew Christopher Phipps
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

ANALYSTS

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Dane Vincent Leone
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2020 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice
President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our third quarter 2020
earnings call.

Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief Executive
Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. And also participating in today's call are Chris
Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; Nadim Ahmed, President, Hematology; and Samit Hirawat,
our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As you note, we've posted slides to
bms.com that you can follow along with Giovanni and David's remarks.

And before we get going, I'll read our forward-looking statements. During this call, we'll make statements
about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual
results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result
of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-
looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing
our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking
statements even if our estimates change.

We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain
specified items. Reconciliations of those non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP
measures are available at bms.com.

With that, I'll hand over to Giovanni.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I hope that you and your families are safe and healthy. Q3
was a very strong quarter across the company, adding to great performance over the past year. I will go
into more details about the quarter in a few moments, but recognizing that it has been almost a year since
we established our new company, I would first like to give you my perspective on the company overall.

Turning to Slide 4. A year ago, we transformed our company with the goal of positioning us for growth in
the near, medium and long term. I am very pleased with our ability to consistently deliver on that promise
across multiple dimensions, starting with integration, where we continue to make great progress. The
strength of our execution as a combined company is a testament to our successful integration so far. The
culture of our company has been shaped by our values, including a focus on innovation, collaboration and
a great sense of urgency.

Our synergy capture is ahead of our original expectations. From a commercial perspective, we have
driven strong performance from our in-line brands. We have launched 4 new medicines, including Inrebic,
REBLOZYL, ZEPOSIA and Onureg. We have entered the first-line lung cancer market with Opdivo and
Yervoy.

In the past year, we've also delivered strongly on the potential of our pipeline, starting with immuno-
oncology, where we have seen successful trials across both the metastatic and the adjuvant settings,
which further supports the growth opportunity for Opdivo. Specifically, in adjuvant, Opdivo is well-
positioned as a leading medicine with results in 4 different tumor types.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Beyond immuno-oncology, we are continuing to strengthen our presence in immunology with very
encouraging data from a number of assets and programs. These include Phase III data for ZEPOSIA in
ulcerative colitis, the decision to move to registrational trials for cendakimab in eosinophilic esophagitis
and Phase II data for our TYK2 inhibitor, deucravacitinib in psoriatic arthritis. Most importantly, we now
have top line data from our first Phase III trial for deucravacitinib in psoriasis.

Let me take a moment to talk about deucravacitinib. Based on the top line data that we have seen so
far, we are very encouraged by the potential for this asset to be the best oral option for patients with
psoriasis, with potential broad applicability across multiple diseases, including psoriatic arthritis, lupus,
ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease.

And finally, we strengthened our IP position for Revlimid and Eliquis, delivered strong financial results and
continue to invest in the future with a number of important business development transactions, including 2
early-stage assets through Forbius and Dragonfly as well as the announced acquisition of MyoKardia.

Now turning to Slide 5. Through the planned acquisition of MyoKardia, we're gaining mavacamten, a
potential first-in-class medicine for the treatment of obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, which is a
chronic heart disease with high morbidity and patient impact.

We believe mavacamten has multibillion-dollar potential with further potential value drivers from additional
indications and the MyoKardia pipeline. We look forward to closing the transaction during Q4 and
welcoming our new colleagues from MyoKardia to the Bristol-Myers Squibb team.

Turning to Slide 6. I am optimistic about the strategic position of our company and how we are well-
positioned for growth and to navigate through the balanced cycle. Today, Bristol-Myers Squibb has
significant strength and breadth in all 4 of our current therapeutic areas. Across oncology, hematology,
immunology and CV, we have robust in-line businesses, exciting near-term launches as well as long-term
pipeline opportunities.

Across all 4 areas, we are successfully building our portfolio of new medicines through a combination
of short-term launches, the advancement of significant late-stage pipeline opportunities and disciplined
business development.

To be more specific, Eliquis and Opdivo are assets with significant growth potential. We have 8 new
medicines that are launching now or have the potential to launch over the next year. And most of these
have important expansion opportunities beyond just their initial indication.

We have gained clear line of sight to our next set of registrational assets, with 7 in or close to
registrational development, including relatlimab, our 2 multiple myeloma CELMoDs, Iberdomide and
CC-92480 as well as cendakimab and our Factor XIa inhibitor. And our early pipeline will continue to
advance, with more than 20 assets with the potential to transition to full development over the next 3
years. Given the strength of our portfolio and pipeline, together with the talent of our people, we are
focused on delivering on our full potential.

Within that context, let me turn briefly to the strength of the quarter on Slide 7. David will provide more
details, but let me discuss a few highlights from my perspective.

First, we continue to execute very well in highly competitive markets, with sales increasing 6% compared
to the same period last year on a pro forma basis. In addition, we are making good progress across our
launches. And during the quarter, we have seen significant clinical progress, including multiple positive
trials in I-O as well as the first Phase III trial for deucravacitinib.

Based on the strength of the business, we are increasing our EPS guidance for this year and continue to be
very encouraged about the earnings growth opportunity ahead as captured by our non-GAAP EPS guidance
for next year, which we are reaffirming.

Before I hand it over to David, I want to reiterate that I'm more encouraged today than ever before about
our future prospects. I can say with confidence that our company has never been stronger. Bristol-Myers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Squibb is well positioned to launch multiple new medicines, new indications and benefit more patients in
the very short term.

And as we look to the future, our pipeline and financial flexibility, combined with the strength and critical
mass we have built across all key areas, provide us with tremendous opportunity. I'm extremely optimistic
about what is to come.

And with that, I'll hand it over to David.

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Giovanni. Hello, everyone, and thanks again for joining our call today. I'm very pleased by the
execution of our teams, delivering very strong quarterly and year-to-date results, while operating in this
global pandemic.

Let's turn to Slide 9 and discuss our top line performance. Third quarter and year-to-date revenues
continue to reflect our strong execution, growing 6% versus prior year on a pro forma basis. As you can
see, a vast majority of our brands demonstrated robust growth.

Now let me provide additional commentary on the underlying performance of our key brands and new
launches. Starting with Eliquis on Slide 10. Demand trends continue to be robust with double-digit TRx
growth of 18% in the U.S. versus prior year. This demonstrates strong execution of our teams and best-in-
class profile brand.

As we discussed previously, we accrue our liability related to the coverage gap as patients enter it, which
affects our second half gross to net results. This is more pronounced this year as the size of the coverage
gap per patient increased in 2020, and Medicare component is a larger component of our mix. This impact
is in line with our expectations for Q3, and you should expect this to be a factor in the fourth quarter.

Internationally, sales remained strong with revenue growth of approximately $1 billion, growing 22%
versus prior year. Eliquis continues to be the #1 NOAC in many key markets internationally, including
Germany, France and the United Kingdom. Both in the U.S. and globally, we continue to see very strong
outlook for Eliquis, resulting from the strength of its profile, enabling increasing share within a growing
class.

Turning to Opdivo on Slide 11. In the U.S., the teams have been executing very well. We continue to see
strong shares across key indications. We now have high single-digit share in first-line lung cancer with
more patients benefiting from the approvals of -227 and -9LA. And you can see that the adoption of first-
line lung is reflected in the acceleration of Yervoy.

What we are really encouraged by is the return to sequential underlying growth for Opdivo. Underlying
demand growth from Q2 to Q3 was approximately 2%. Sales grew 6% versus quarter 2, driven by
growing underlying demand as well as the favorable customer buying patterns. We expect the impact
from these buying patterns to reverse in the fourth quarter but sequential demand growth to continue,
supporting our return to annual year-over-year growth for Opdivo in 2021.

Internationally, we've seen strong commercial execution across the board, with sales up 5% versus
prior year. Sequentially, we saw a rebound to a stronger demand driven primarily by the European and
Japanese markets as the markets continue to gain reimbursement for new indications and first-line RCC in
melanoma.

While there continues to be some softness in new patient starts across tumors but most notably in
melanoma, we generally saw good recovery of the impact of COVID in Q3. And we also look forward to
bringing Opdivo + Yervoy and limited chemotherapy to the first-line lung cancer patients in Europe this
quarter.

As we look forward, we expect several additional near-term launches in 2021, including the potential for
first-line gastric and several adjuvant indications such as esophageal and muscle invasive bladder cancer.
And Opdivo + cabo in first-line RCC, for which we will grant a priority review. To sum things up, the teams

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

have executed well, both commercially and clinically, which shows the continued promise for Opdivo and
Yervoy and makes us even more confident in our expectations for the annual year-over-year growth in
2021.

Moving on to our in-line multiple myeloma portfolio on Slide 12. Revlimid and Pomalyst continue to
perform very well with strong double-digit growth on a pro forma basis. Revlimid grew 10% primarily
driven on increased treatment duration and Pomalyst grew 17%, driven by growth in earlier lines of
treatment and increased treatment duration.

In the U.S., we experienced some temporary softness due to new to brand share during COVID, which is
now recovering. And this is being offset by better adherence and longer duration of therapy for existing
patients.

Ex-U.S. performance sales for Revlimid increased 11%, while ex-U.S. per forma sales for Pomalyst
increased 19%. This strong performance was driven by increased use of triple base therapies and
treatment duration in major European markets. COVID had a minimal impact on ongoing patient
treatments with a small impact observed in new patient starts. We are seeing strong signs of new patients
returning to prior treatment patterns.

Now moving on to our recent launches on Slide 13. REBLOZYL has been off to a robust start with the
approval of RS-positive MDS-associated anemia. Global sales in the quarter were $96 million, representing
75% sequential growth over quarter 2.

In the U.S., physician feedback remained positive with a significant awareness of the brand. While still
early, we continue to be pleased with the launch, including new patient uptake and patient retention on
the product, where the majority of patients have adhered to their treatment.

As a reminder, a significant proportion of early uptick is driven by the initial bolus of patients waiting for a
new treatment option. We remain very encouraged by the underlying demand for the product in patients
with beta thalassemia as well as MDS-associated anemia.

Internationally, recent launches in Germany and Austria are going well although very early in the launch.
We also received approval for beta thalassemia-associated anemia in Canada, and we look forward to
launching in various markets globally in the course of 2021 as we receive reimbursement.

Turning to ZEPOSIA. We're encouraged by what we are seeing through the first few months of ZEPOSIA's
launch. We are focused on driving demand and establishing ZEPOSIA as the leading S1P modulator in
multiple sclerosis.

We have secured strong commercial access, and our commercial teams are executing well. We're pleased
with the physician receptivity and prescription initiation we've seen thus far.

Now moving on to our newest launch, Onureg, which was granted approval for first-line AML maintenance
by the FDA on September 1. While very early in the launch, feedback from physicians has been promising.
The message that Onureg is the first and only medicine to demonstrate overall survival in the maintenance
setting with a convenient oral route of administration is resonating well. This is a market that is largely
underdeveloped as there were previously no FDA-approved options for patients in the maintenance setting
after intensive chemotherapy.

And like many other medicines in the maintenance setting, it will take some time to educate prescribers
about the use of new treatment for our patients. An MMA is under review in Europe, and we expect
approval in 2021.

Now moving on to our balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 14. We continue to generate significant
amount of cash flow from operations in the third quarter. We ended the quarter in a strong liquidity
position with approximately $22 billion in cash and marketable securities. That's after tax payments of
approximately $1.7 billion for debt paydown and large cash payments, including tax payments associated
with the gain on Otezla.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged, delevering and achieving less than 1.5x debt-to-
EBITDA ratio, which is now expected by the end of 2024. We continued our commitment to our dividend
and investing in future innovation through business development.

To touch on our business development activities, as Giovanni discussed, we have not waivered against
our priorities. We have executed some important deals over the third quarter, including our acquisition of
Forbius, the license agreement with Dragonfly as well as our recently announced pending acquisition of
MyoKardia. Each of these transactions is in line with our criteria for business development: strategically
aligned, scientifically sound and financially attractive.

We will continue to be active in business development, searching for additional opportunities to further
strengthen our growth profile for the company for the long term and creating value for our shareholders.

Now let's turn to guidance on Slide 15. Based on the strength of our results year-to-date, we are updating
our full year 2020 outlook. We are narrowing our revenue range to between $41.5 billion and $42 billion
based upon the strong performance year-to-date. And we do expect sales to be at the higher end of the
range.

Turning to operating expenses. We expect total spend to be generally in line with our expectations. We
do have some slight shifts in spend related to our MS&A and R&D lines. For MS&A, we decided to make
additional onetime investment such as accelerating DTC advertising to support the business as we close
out the year, and we now expect to spend approximately $6.9 billion. This is being offset by lower R&D
expense, now expected to be approximately $9.2 billion.

At the same time, we remain very pleased with our synergy capture, which, as Giovanni mentioned, is
tracking ahead of our original expectations. We now expect our tax rate to be approximately 16% for the
full year. And taking all this together, we are increasing our full year adjusted EPS range to be between
$6.25 and $6.35 per share.

Our revenue guidance takes into account [indiscernible], which continues to affect Eliquis in the fourth
quarter, as I mentioned earlier as well as continued competitive dynamics associated with some of
our established brands. Now as it relates to our 2021 guidance, we are reaffirming our non-GAAP EPS
guidance of $7.15 to $7.45, which absorbs the dilution associated with the MyoKardia acquisition. We look
forward to providing more color on 2021 during our fourth quarter call as we normally do.

Before we move to question-and-answer, I want to thank all of our teams around the world for delivering
such outstanding results year-to-date. These results allow me to remain confident in the long-term outlook
for the company.

I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations
Great. Thanks very much, David. Kevin, can we go to our first question, please?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Chris Schott of JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on all the progress you've made this year. I guess just 2 here. Maybe first on the TYK2. Can you
just elaborate a little bit more on the safety profile? I think there's still some lingering questions out there.
Will we see any of maybe some of the JAK-like safety issues? I know you've talked a lot about that in the
past.

But just to confirm, did you see any imbalance at all, small or not, on thrombotic events from the POETYK
study? And just help us a little bit in terms of what the profile is shaping up like on the safety there.

And then my second question was on Opdivo. You're launching a number of adjuvant indications next year.
Can you remind us on those, do you expect these will have fast uptake like we're seeing in some of the
metastatic settings? Or are these indications that maybe take a little bit longer to build out over time?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Chris, thank you. I think I'll start off and then Chris, I'll pass it on to you for Opdivo-related question.
From a TYK2 perspective, first of all, we are very happy with what we've seen from the results
perspective. It is the first of the 2 Phase III trials for TYK1 that has read out. And we have seen not only
topical as well as clinical meaningfulness versus placebo, but also the superiority versus apremilast or
Otezla in moderate to severe psoriasis.

From what we have seen before from the Phase II studies and we've talked about the safety profile, we
continue to believe in that. There is a differentiated mechanism of action that we believe in. We do think
that the TYK2 inhibition, which has a specific downstream effect on IL-12, IL-23 as well as interferon alpha
has played out, and we continue to believe in that.

Of course, I can't go into the specifics of the data. They will be presented in the future in the macro
meeting. But overall, we are very happy where we are, and I look forward to the readout of the second
Phase III in the first quarter of 2021. So hopefully, that answers your question, and let me pass it on to
Chris to talk about Opdivo from here on.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris. We do have a number of exciting opportunities in the adjuvant
setting, and maybe I'll just highlight gastric and bladder, specifically. As we talked about a few months
ago with respect to gastric cancer, we're excited about the opportunity coming out of CheckMate -577.
This is a space where there's significant unmet need as very little in the way of systemic therapy that's
used here. And as Samit has previously talked about, those patients who are getting neoadjuvant chemo
radiotherapy, about 3/4 of those patients don't get a PAT CR. So really, there are no great options for
those patients. And we've seen very good efficacy coming out of -577, with the doubling of DFS at a
manageable safety profile. And there's relative clean air here from a competitive standpoint as we'll be the
first I-O in the setting for a number of years.

With respect to bladder, again, happy with the results that we saw with -274. This is a space with about
6,000 to 7,000 treated patients in the U.S. Again, not a lot in the way of great systemic therapies here.
And as we've said, we met the primary end point for Opdivo and very much look forward to launching
in the space. And this is, again, another space where there's relative clean air. So we would expect a
reasonably aggressive uptake in both of these indications.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Operator

The next question today comes from Seamus Fernandez of Guggenheim.

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter and all the progress as well. Samit, my question is actually on the higher dose,
the 12-milligram dose, that we're going to see next week in psoriatic arthritis. Can you just give us --
that's really where we've seen problems with other JAKs. Just trying to get your sense of what we should
be looking for in those data. Obviously, they're about to be presented, but I think that's something that
investors are interested in.

And then incremental to that, as we think about the opportunity in areas like ulcerative colitis, you've
really emphasized this IL-23 -- -12, -23 profile, is that really where your enthusiasm for the product is in
ulcerative colitis in particular?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you, Seamus, for the question and quite appropriate, in fact. When we look at the POETYK 1
readout as we said in the press release, the dose used in the Phase III trial is the 6-milligram dose. And
what you have in the abstract and the poster at the ACR for ulcerative colitis, as we mentioned, are both 6
and the 12 milligrams dose.

We do see a profile from a safety perspective of the 6-milligram dose as we talked about. Also in looking
at the older Phase II study, generally very good in that dose, and that's the efficacy we have now seen in
the Phase III study as well.

At the 12-milligram dose, we do see a dose response. But then you have to keep in mind as you very
correctly said, the overall safety management results. So we'll continue to dig deeper into the data as we
plan Phase III study in the ulcerative colitis space. But overall, we are very happy with the dose that we
have tested in the Phase II study. And of course, as I said earlier, we’ll look at it again, in the Phase III --
the second readout in the first quarter of next year as we move forward.

So that's, I think, the differentiation that it's not just about efficacy. We have to balance the benefit risk.
And that's why the 6-milligram dose is quite reasonable for us from a safety and efficacy combined benefit
ratio. As it relates to the ulcerative colitis, the mechanism as we very well said, I think the differentiation,
the oral administration, the convenience of treatment, we've talked about ulcerative colitis with ZEPOSIA
already, and now we are looking towards readout in the future for the TYK2 program.

And bringing that differentiated mechanism once again and hopefully, be able to show the efficacy and
safety for patients with ulcerative colitis with TYK2 will be important. And yes, IL-12 and IL-23, in addition
to mechanism, is going to play a big role both in ulcerative colitis and then in the future in Crohn's disease
as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from Geoff Meacham of Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. Just had a couple, I think both of them for Chris. So when you look at the first-line lung trend for
Opdivo, Chris, you guys have gained some share, I think, 5% or so in the U.S., but I don't see much of a
trend break this quarter. Was there already reasonable share in first-line lung before the label expansion?
And maybe just help us to what's been the feedback from the ground so far?

And the second one on REBLOZYL, the sequential trends have been really strong. I know obviously it's
early. But what can you say about the distribution between MDS and beta thal and maybe just the cadence
of uptick between the 2 indications?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Maybe I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Nadim to address the second part of your question. So with
respect to Opdivo, let me just first give you the dynamics for the quarter. So obviously happy with the
sequential growth that we saw for the quarter. On that, in the U.S., is a function of favorable demand, and
I'll talk about first-line lung, specifically in a second.

We also, as David had noted, saw some inventory build. This was partially offset by the impact that we've
seen with the decline in I-O eligibility that we've been discussing previously. That's mainly in the second-
line thoracic indications. And that still is a drag on Opdivo currently.

That said, we were happy to see that we got sequential growth for the quarter, and that was, in part, a
function of first-line lung. And with respect to first-line lung, we're very happy with what we're seeing with
the launches so far in the U.S. The uptake continues to increase steadily.

As we noted earlier, the market share is currently in the high single digits. The execution here continues to
be very good. So for example, we have a leading share of voice in first-line lung.

And importantly, at this stage of the launch, we're seeing a nice steady growth in the number of new trials
week-over-week. So overall, we're happy with the uptake that we've seen. We knew as we discussed
previously that this was going to be a different set of launches just given the entrenched dynamics from a
competitive standpoint in first-line lung, but we continue to be very pleased with the team's performance
here. So maybe I'll turn it over to Nadim for the second part of your question.

Nadim Ahmed
Executive VP & President of Hematology

Great. Thanks, Geoff, for your question. So regarding the REBLOZYL launch, maybe I'll just make a couple
of points. So as David said, very pleased with the launch so far, high demand, very good brand awareness.
Field team is doing really well.

And if you remember, we had always said that the predominant use, at least in the U.S., would be MDS,
and it's playing out exactly that same way. So today, the majority use in the U.S. is on MDS patients. And
the interesting thing is we've seen a little bit of a halo effect on beta thal in that we've seen a little bit
more uptake with beta thal since the MDS launch, but the predominant use is still MDS.

Now globally, as we launch across the world, there will be different regions where you see a different
prevalence profile, beta thalassemia, where it's higher, for example, in Asia, the Mediterranean. But
today in the U.S., Geoff, the predominant use is still MDS, exactly as we had anticipated. Thanks for your
question.

Operator

The next question comes from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was just wondering first, on Opdivo for neoadjuvant lung. If you can give us any update on the
regulatory path and when you might know more there and if you're confident that you could get approval
on the PCR endpoint alone.

And then the second question, you mentioned that the synergies are tracking ahead of your expectations.
I guess just trying to understand how much of the spend is synergies, and how much is kind of from a
COVID environment? And so how much of that should we expect to carry forward into 2021?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Thank you, Terence, for the question. Samit here. As Chris mentioned earlier, there is still obviously a
much required need for new medicines in patients with early disease to be able to get into a complete
response because that may signal for the long-term benefit for these patients.

Now of course, this is not a validated regulatory endpoint as you very well said. So what we are looking
forward to now, of course, continuing our dialogue with the regulatory agency, especially with the FDA,
as we also continue to follow these patients for the first data for event-free survival as well. So we will
obviously keep you posted in the future as we make progress.

At the current time, we continue our dialogue and continue with the patient follow-up to generate more
data. I don't think we can give a clear guidance today in terms of approvability based on the endpoint.
And for synergies, I think David or…

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I can. Thanks for the question. Look, we've been very pleased with our ability to capture synergies so
far this year, and we're really encouraged to see that our synergy capture is actually tracking ahead of our
original expectations for this year. So we'll provide further insight to that on our expectations of the overall
synergy achievement after we close the year, but things are going very well.

Operator

The next question comes from Tim Anderson of Wolfe Research.

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

I have a question on going back to TYK2. So I think most investors view the value proposition in psoriasis
relative to Otezla as being better efficacy. But we've wondered if better tolerability could also be a
differentiator because with Otezla, there's GI side effects that require dose titration, and your drug doesn't
require dose titration. At least in Phase II, there were no GI side effects. So when we see the full Phase III
results, might we also see better tolerability as yet another area of differentiation beyond just oral dosing
and beyond better efficacy?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you, Tim, for the question. As we said, if you look at the overall trial design for this one as well as
for the next study to be followed, the good news is that there is a comparison not only versus placebo but
also the comparison versus Otezla. And so there will certainly be an opportunity to contrast and compare
not only the efficacy, but also the tolerability or safety as we talk about. And those are going to be very
important from a patient perspective and physician perspective, from a convenience perspective. Certainly,
these will have implications from a commercial perspective, and let me pass it on to Chris to comment on
that.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question, Tim. I mean, I think as we've said previously, we're excited with the
opportunity that we have here. Based on the data that we see coming out of POETYK, I think we have
a real opportunity to establish TYK as the frontline branded oral of choice for these moderate to severe
patients.

What I would say just to build on what Samit mentioned is that this is a market where in spite of new
biologics coming into the space, dermatologists continue to believe in an ascending treatment algorithm.
So they typically start with topical, they move to orals, then they go to injectables.

And it is also a market, as I think you point out, where patient preference drives choice. So you do see a
very strong focus on safety concerns, needle phobia is an issue here. And we think these dynamics really

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

play to the profile that we have with TYK2, very strong efficacy in an oral formulation, a novel MOA and a
favorable tolerability and safety profile. And so we think we've got real opportunity here to establish TYK
as the leading oral in the space.

Operator

The next question comes from Andrew Baum of Citi.

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Couple of questions, please. First on Otezla. As you think about marketing, is it positioned to displace
Otezla as the oral agent of choice, given the efficacy tolerability? Or to what extent can you actually seek
to slow or defer the initiation of therapy with biologics? And then second, perhaps you could just give us
the market shares in non-small cell for -227, -9LA in the U.S. in the first-line setting.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Chris?

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Sure. Sure. Andrew, thanks for the question. With respect to Otezla and how we are looking at the TYK
opportunity in psoriasis, I mean I think the way I answered the previous question is probably what I would
go back to. We think based on these data that TYK has the opportunity to be the branded oral of choice for
moderate-to-severe patients writ large in this space.

And we think that's a reflection of the fact that this is a market where dermatologists typically are going to
try to treat with less burdensome routes of administration. They're going to go for the activity that -- the
best activity they can find.

However, safety is a prominent concern here. And so I think that we have the opportunity to displace
existing therapy with respect to orals prebiologic. And we also believe that we have the opportunity to
potentially provide more of an opportunity before patients move on to biologics.

And remember, this is a space where only about 15% of patients ultimately ever get to biologics, and
that's in spite of a number of new biologics coming into the market. So we think we actually have an
opportunity to do both.

As it relates to the first-line lung market share, as we said previously and as David mentioned, we have
current first-line market share in the high single digits. The -227 regimen is mainly being used in the PD-
L1 to -49 as expected. And then we're seeing recent uptake of the -9LA regimen, and that's mainly in the
PD-L1 less than 1 and PD-L1 negatives.

Operator

The next question comes from Luisa Hector of Berenberg.

Luisa Caroline Hector
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

I wonder now we have the ASH abstract, whether there's anything you'd like to point out from the various
data sets you're presenting and any particular update from durability of response? And then ide-cel and
liso-cel, any update you can give us on the FDA review?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Sure. Thank you. So let me start with ASH first, and then I'll go to the liso-cel, ide-cel. And then certainly,
if Nadim wants to comment also that will be wonderful.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

So for ASH perspective, over the last few years, certainly, both Celgene and [indiscernible] as well as
the [indiscernible] had beta presence. And based on the data that have been presented in the past, so
obviously these medicines have now moved on to late-stage development, and we are continuing to
gather more data.

Having said that, there are a few abstracts that are very important that are being presented. So number
one, the activity of liso-cel, the single therapy as well as in combination where the patients who received
guided [indiscernible], both in CLL, are quite important and interesting.

If you look at the overall response rate positivity as well as durability in these patients, that continue to
evolve, especially as you think of the future where the population with CLL where patients with CLL have
been treated with ibrutinib and venetoclax, there will be a need for subsequent therapy that will rescue
them if the disease has a recurrence or relapse.

Another data set will be presented as you might have seen in the abstracts will be the triple combination
of Iberdomide with daratumumab as well as dexamethasone and then VELCADE and dexamethasone.
And those are evolutions in the data set, and we'll continue to see how that comes through, but certainly,
response rates are going to be important as we look forward to moving Iberdomide into the earlier
settings as these data will then start dictating how we proceed further.

So very happy with these. We'll continue to look deeper into it and next year will be big from a CELMoDs
perspective as we look to the completion of the trials for Iberdomide and then, of course, progressing
other CELMoDs as you heard from Giovanni in his opening comments.

From liso-cel perspective, not much to share except for the fact that we've already communicated. We
continue our dialogue with the regulatory agencies. We've had the inspection done for the facility in
Washington. And as we have communicated earlier that we don't have any scheduled inspections for the
second facility, which is one -- which is independent of the other facility.

For liso-cel, we do have a PDUFA date on 16th of November. For ide-cel, same thing, we are continuing our
dialogue and that we have PDUFA date of March 27, 2021. That's where we are. I don't know, Nadim, if
you want to add something or Giovanni?

Nadim Ahmed
Executive VP & President of Hematology

No. I think you covered it well, Samit. Thanks.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

The only thing I would add is -- this is Giovanni. The only thing I would add is just to close on what Samit
mentioned with respect to liso-cel. As always obviously we will update you as our discussion with the
regulatory authorities progress.

Operator

Next question comes from Dane Leone of Raymond James.

Dane Vincent Leone
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Congratulations on all the progress. Just some quick ones for me. When do you think you would be able
to disclose the actual pathologic complete response rate for the 816 study? And if that would still be a
nondisclosure item for you until regulatory discussions are complete.

Could you at least give us how the study was powered on that endpoint, so we can make our own
assumptions on how the chemo arm would perform and then how the combo arm probably would have
performed to [indiscernible].

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And then in terms of Iberdomide, do you have a longer time line now in terms of path to pivotal studies
and when that could actually get to market? I think a lot of us in the clinical community as well are
thinking about this as an offset to Revlimid and the patent expirations there. So any kind of longer-term
insight you might be able -- given the development path would be super helpful.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you for the question. So let me start with the PCR part. So certainly, we're going to look for an
opportunity for a tougher presentation of the data at a future medical meeting. That is not dependent on
the regulatory aspects because it's an independent endpoint that can certainly be discussed. So we're
looking to that.

I think the trial details, we have not shared the statistical analysis plan per se in terms of the assumptions
made for the calculation at this time. So we'll not be able to share that. But certainly, there is a previous
data that had been presented and published for chemotherapy leading to PCR responses so we can
assume with that.

Now what differences will be important in terms of the delta between chemotherapy and then the
combination of nivolumab? Those are the types of discussions we'll need to continue to have with the
regulatory agency as to what becomes meaningful. So as the dialogue evolves and once the decisions are
made, we'll certainly communicate that with you.

From the Iberdomide perspective, the fourth-line cost study is already ongoing as we said. And as I've
just mentioned previously, as the data continues to evolve and we'll have the data readout sometime
next year, those will be a trigger point for us to discuss that single agent combination dexamethasone,
discussions with the regulatory agencies to see if the data would suffice for the regulatory dialogue in the
fourth-line plus setting.

And then as the data evolves for the doublets and the triplets in the earlier setting, then we launch the
later line trials as well in the earlier settings. Nadim, do you want to add something to that?

Nadim Ahmed
Executive VP & President of Hematology

Sure. I would just add a couple of points maybe. So thanks, Dane, for your question. The point that Samit
had made, our plan had always been to move from the doublet to the triplet, which is, as you know, very
important, especially in relapsed and newly diagnosed disease.

So having these data at ASH will be an important foundation on how we move the treatment up, from the
late-line setting then to the early relapse setting and then ultimately, newly diagnosed setting since you
had asked the question about Revlimid and impact in the future. So we have a very clear development
plan.

As Samit says, of course, we have to pass all the clinical gates as we go through but the starting point
is the triplet data that we're seeing at ASH now. So we're excited about the opportunity moving forward.
Thanks for your question.

Operator

The next question comes from David Risinger of Morgan Stanley.

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. So I have 2 questions, please. First, could you provide more color on what you need to discuss with
the FDA on liso-cel? It seemed to me that discussion should be over by this point.

And a follow-on to that is, are there any issues with the recent manufacturing inspections? Or do you have
confidence following those manufacturing inspections?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And then the second question is other BCMA ADCs have been associated with ocular tox in multiple
myeloma. Do you expect a differentiated profile for your BCMA CC-99712? And when should we expect to
see data?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you for the question. For liso-cel, as we mentioned earlier, as we disclosed in the past, FDA
has informed the company that both our plants in Washington as well as the one in Texas need to
be inspected. They've been able to inspect our plant in Bothell, Washington, at this time but has not
scheduled any inspection of the second plant.

As you know, as we are doing what they can to ensure that the staff are kept safe in this COVID
pandemic. And because of the travel restrictions, we have to obviously honor their desire as to where they
go and when they go.

As we've said in the past, that the conversations with the agencies are going well, and we look forward
to seeing the -- hopefully, the approval at some point to be able to bring it to the patients as soon as
possible. We'll obviously let you know as soon as we get the decision.

We are not going to comment obviously specifically about the dialogue around inspections, et cetera.
We're generally very happy with the dialogue that has been happening.

On the ADC front, for multiple myeloma, we are in the Phase I. It's early time to comment whether we'll
be able to differentiate or not, but we absolutely are aware of the ocular toxicity. And certainly, we'll keep
that in mind as we go along. We continue to evaluate the patients for that.

I think the first data we would see would be sometime late next year because we are still in the dose
escalation phase. And so certainly, as soon as the data are mature enough to be presented, we'll be able
to bring it to the medical conference and share that with you.

Operator

Next question comes from Greg Gilbert of Truist.

Gregory B. Gilbert
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Giovanni, you've made it very clear that cardiovascular is a core franchise for the company. On Factor
XIa, what do you think you have to deliver in terms of clinical profile to enable that asset to add value in
what will potentially be a generic environment? And then maybe more strategically, in cardiovascular, it
looks like you have at one end of the spectrum, kind of a mass market, Eliquis and Factor XIa approach,
and on the other hand, a more specialized approach with MyoKardia. So I assume your strategic vision in
cardiovascular spans across that. But curious if you want to be more focused in one end or the other as
you consider additional BD and cardiovascular.

And then a follow-up for David. How would you describe the LOE step-down for Revlimid in the coming
years? And do you think The Street has that right, at least in general in terms of how it's being modeled?
We obviously have imperfect information.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Greg. Let me start, and then maybe I'll ask on -- specifically on cardiovascular and Factor XIa,
Samit and Chris to add. And then David will cover your question about the Revlimid LOE.

So first of all, let me say, yes. To answer your question, cardiovascular is a strategic importance to us, and
it has been consistently for the company. And when you look at what we've done with Eliquis, I'm really
proud of our ability to develop differentiated assets in cardiovascular, take a very different approach to
establishing the value of those assets in the case of Eliquis through real or relevance as an example and
maximize the value of the medicine.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And so whether you look at Eliquis, you look at mavacamten and a Factor XIa inhibitor, we feel really good
about our ability to execute in cardiovascular and our commitment to cardiovascular.

I think the approaches are different between a broader asset like Eliquis or Factor XIa could be. In those
cases, as you know, we made a choice to partner those assets because we want to be working with
another company that together, enables us to have a broader reach into a primary care market and
support the development of assets that require very large investments in the development of the asset
across multiple indications.

I think when you look at mavacamten, it's much more about a precision approach to cardiovascular, which
fits really nicely with our R&D strategy. And actually, very consistent with the early pipeline we have in
heart failure in cardiovascular. So I don't think it's necessarily, one approach versus the other. But it's
really looking at cardiovascular as one of the areas where the unmet need continues to be really high.

The company has demonstrated ability to execute, which is excellent. And then we take a different
approach depending on what an asset needs in order for its value to be maximized, and when we [ at
best ] -- have the best capability. So as we think about it, and actually MyoKardia is a really, really
interesting asset because -- an acquisition because the precision approach is really consistent with the
way we look at things. Let me just ask Samit, if he wants to add anything on Factor XIa, specifically in
differentiation and our development strategy, and then we will move to your question on Revlimid.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you, Giovanni. The one thing that I would also have on mavacamten to remember, patients with
obstructive hypertrophic empathy, the ones that are symptomatic, the ones that we are talking about from
a treatment perspective, also have arrhythmia , especially atrial fibrillation that they experience. So Eliquis
is used there as well, and many cardiologists are very well aware of need of Eliquis. And certainly in the
future, when mavacamten potentially might be available, would be very helpful for these patients.

Coming back again then on to the anticoagulation and Factor XIa. I think certainly very happy that we
are in that stage and the Eliquis, what we have done. The 2 things that are going to be important to
remember is, number one, there are still bleeding risk. And patients don't necessarily get treated with
full doses of the currently available treatments, and some patients are not even treated because of the
bleeding risk.

The second unmet medical need is that patients cannot be treated on top of their background [ and late ]
therapies for indications such as the secondary strokes. And that is a very high unmet medical need and
patients who have had a first stroke are at very high risk of experiencing a second stroke, maybe even
50% to 60% probability.

And therefore, what we're looking for in the Factor XIa development program as we look at the Phase II
studies that are currently ongoing, is the -- is number one, the decrease in the bleeding probabilities. And
second is the combined ability, where that background therapy of [indiscernible] in the secondary stroke
prevention study that is currently ongoing in terms of its enrollment.

So those are the important aspects that will make us go into the Phase III development program once the
data are available. Let me pass it on to David and to comment further on the Revlimid side.

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, and Greg, thank you for the question. We made great progress this year on the IP front,
both with Revlimid as well as with Eliquis. And as you know, we settled with Dr. Reddy's. We have the
settlement with [indiscernible], which just to remind you, remember, the macro agreement is a single-digit
volume entry in 2022, which grows to about 1/3 by 2025. And we have some other sentiments, which
aren't public with Dr. Reddy's and Alvogen.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

But as you -- we clearly see it more as a slope, not as a cliff starting in 2022 with full generic entry
coming in '26. And at the time we did the acquisition, all I'd say is that we took a more conservative view
on Revlimid than the sell-side equity analyst did at that time. So with that said, we still believe Revlimid
will add potential significant cash flow for the business over that period from '22 through '25.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Thank you, David. Let me just reiterate. I think specifically to your question, when we look at the
period during which over time, the slope of Revlimid will take place between 2022 to -- sorry, 2022 to
2026.

First of all, I think it is playing out the way we had modeled it to be a slope, and it starts at a point where
the overall performance of the brand has been really strong. And our view of IP and the strength of IP has
been validated by the IPRs that were not granted and the 2 settlements that David mentioned.

At the same time, the strength of our business beyond Revlimid has continued to be really, really good.
The progress we've made with the pipeline has given us real confidence in our ability as a company to
continue to renew the portfolio.

So as I mentioned at the beginning, I feel really good about our ability to continue to perform very
strongly as we renew our portfolio during the time in which over time, Revlimid will lose exclusivity. That's
what we set out to do from the very beginning. And I think execution so far has been really strong, which
makes me confident in our ability to continue to be successful during that time.

Operator

The next question comes from Matt Phipps of William Blair.

Matthew Christopher Phipps
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Congrats on a nice quarter. Wondering if after the positive POETYK study, if you're going to look at moving
this asset into a more mild patient setting, similar to the recent Otezla ADVANCE study. And then also
a second quick question on the Forbius acquisition. Just wondering if you could compare and contrast
maybe moving a TGF-beta monoclonal antibody plus something like Opdivo versus a bispecific molecule
like [indiscernible] alpha that you do it for the trial kind of combined with the PD-L1 antibody.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you for the questions, Matt. First of all, on the TYK2 aspect, so you know that we are very happy
with the results from the POETYK 1 study. We also know that there is a broad program already underway
where we have the evaluation ongoing in ulcerative colitis and lupus, SLE as well as the inflammatory
bowel disease. Mild psoriasis, we certainly have an eye on it. We obviously think about this as we evolve
with the data on the psoriasis. We have to look at the overall efficacy and safety profile when the second
study also reads out, and that will dictate where we go next in terms of evaluation of deucravacitinib in
psoriasis and other indications related to psoriasis.

On the TGF-beta front, we are, of course, aware of the bispecific TGF-beta PD-1 that the competitors
have. When we look at TGF data, the specificity of the inhibition caused by this particular antibody is very
important. And we certainly will look at the combinations with our own pipeline, not only with nivolumab,
but we also have relatlimab, as you know, in development. So we'll be looking at all those combinations as
the Phase I study data evolves.

And we get to see what the dose and the schedule will be for dosing patients with oncologic indications
and that will pave the way for the combination strategies looking forward. I think having the ability to give
2 drugs separately will give us more opportunities for combination strategies looking forward.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

The last question today comes from Carter Gould of Barclays.

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. Congrats on the quarter. I guess, first, a competitor in the TGF space that was perceived to be most
closely related to you with also an FC-mutated region discontinued their program recently. In the past,
you've been relatively sort of balanced language on the outlook for this program. Any change or updates
on how you see there?

Any commentary on that discontinuation or differentiation that maybe The Street doesn't appreciate
between those 2 programs?

And then maybe coming back to the CELMoDs again. Should we think about the Iberdomide decision sort
of running independent to -92480? Or is there going to be a decision to be made at some point next year
where you need to sort of pick a winner or can they coexist?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Sure. Thank you, Carter. I think great questions. First of all, on the TULIP side, we certainly have seen the
announcement from the competitor from discontinuation of the program on the TULIP side. And we don't
know the details and the structure of their molecule, et cetera.

But certainly, we have our own molecule, which is in Phase I study. We also have been looking at -- to see
where we go with the combination, very early on, to be able to define the path forward.

As the data evolves, we'll certainly update you and others in terms of where we go or what the fate of the
program will be. But too early to say from our own perspective. The specificity of inert FC portion or an
active FC portion, I think still needs to be further investigated before a decisive decision can be made on
that side. So more to follow on to in the future.

On the CELMoDs and Iberdomide side. As we said, both of our programs are in development. Iberdomide
runs a little bit further because it started earlier. -480 is a very potent molecule. We shared the data of 50-
plus percent of overall response rate with -480 plus dexamethasone in the late line setting. Both of those
studies are in the development in the full time class setting.

But if you recall, the overall development of [ it ] in the past, Revlimid and pomalidomide how they were
developed in the HER2 Celgene organization, how Revlimid then got set up in the upfront setting and
pomalidomide became a preferred molecule for the second third-line patient population.

So we have to keep that in mind as we continue to evolve. And we also have the good position that we
have a lot of data available from multiple perspective that we can actually investigate to see what is the
mechanism, where these drugs will fit the best; what opportunities we may be able to avail in terms of
combination strategies with our own pipeline; looking at the platforms that we already have, not only with
CELMoDs, but also from the T-cell engager from CAR-T cell therapy as well as the evolving ADC platform.

So those opportunities, because of the T-cells we have in our hand, can certainly be further investigated in
a broadest way rather than limiting ourselves to a singular CELMoD. But let me ask Nadim to add anything
if he wants to further elaborate on this. Thank you.

Nadim Ahmed
Executive VP & President of Hematology

Sure. Thanks, Samit, and thanks, Carter, for your question. So I think right now, we're very pleased with
the early data we're seeing for both. And as Samit said, we've done the same with Revlimid and Pomalyst
in the past. So there are discrete patient segments with very different clinical needs, where you could
potentially see the coexistence of both CELMoDs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

So for example, the maintenance setting, a CELMoD with a better tolerability profile. In a relapse setting
with high-risk disease, you could see a more potent CELMoD come through. So I think we're going to
continue to look at the data, but we're pleased with how both are progressing.

And then as Samit said, one of our key objectives is to come up with this multi-modality combination
approach. So you can envisage a CELMoD plus BCMA through multiple lines of therapy as patients
progress from newly diagnosed disease to late-stage disease.

And we've already seen the use of sequential treatment through the current CELMoDs, or even I should
say, with Revlimid and Pomalyst. So we do think that the combination of BCMA and CELMoDs, across lines
of therapies for different patient segments, could be really important, both clinically and commercially. So
thanks for your question.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you. Thank you, Nadim, and thanks to all of you for joining our call today. We had a lot to discuss,
and I think that speaks to the breadth and depth of our business and importantly, of our pipeline.

So as we discussed, it's been a really active year and a very, very exciting first year for our new company.
And I can say with confidence that Bristol-Myers Squibb today is in a really strong position with significant
near-term launch opportunities and a substantial pipeline to address unmet needs of patients that will
position us very strongly and very well for the future.

So thanks again for joining us. And as always, our team will be able to answer further questions you may
have. Have a good day. Thanks, everyone.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

