Bristol-Myers Squibb Company NYSE:BMY
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 27, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.92

2.00

Revenue  (mm)

11523.94

11624.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2021 2:17 PM GMT

4.17

0.87

1.88

7.50

7.92

12048.34

46328.67

47875.85

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.42

1.81

1.90

1.92

1.46

1.74

1.93

2.00

2.82 %

(3.87 %)

1.58 %

4.17 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief
Commercialization Officer

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical
Officer of Global Drug
Development

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Luisa Caroline Hector
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Matthew Christopher Phipps
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Dane Vincent Leone
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2021 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice
President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thanks, Christina, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our third quarter 2021 earnings
call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Board Chair and Chief
Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also, with me for today's call are Chris
Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of
Global Drug Development.

You'll note that we posted slides to bms.com and you can use those to follow along with David and
Giovanni's remarks. But before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statements. During today's
call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-
looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking
statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings.
These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon
as representing our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update
forward-looking statements even if our estimates change.

We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain
specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP
measures are available at bms.com.

And with that, I'll hand it over to Giovanni.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I hope that you're all doing well. Now turning to Slide 4.
I'm pleased to report a very good third quarter with solid secular growth driven by strong commercial
execution and good progress in our pipeline. I'm proud of the performance of our commercial teams who
drove demand growth for our launch products and delivered solid performance of our inline products,
including Revlimid, Opdivo and Eliquis.

In R&D, we are progressing the most promising assets in our pipeline for sustained growth. In the quarter,
we advanced our third I-O mechanism with a fixed dose of relatlimab plus nivo accepted for priority review
in the U.S. for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. This is an important
development for the I-O franchise, and we have additional data readouts for Opdivo on the horizon.

From a financial perspective, we reported sales of $11.6 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2 with growth of
10% and 23%, respectively. I'm encouraged by our results and how they position us for the rest of '21
and for the future. As a result, we are reaffirming our revenue guidance and raising the lower end of our
non-GAAP EPS guidance range.

Our balance sheet is strong, and we continue to pursue a disciplined capital allocation strategy focused on
investing in internal and external innovation opportunities.

On the IP front, we are pleased with the decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
upholding the Eliquis IP and providing exclusivity until 2028 under existing settlements. This decision
confirms our belief in the value of the science behind Eliquis and the underlying IP protecting its
innovation. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with our progress in the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Turning to our execution scorecard on Slide 5. At the start of the year, I laid out this scorecard with the
milestones we thought would be important for us to deliver in order to successfully renew our portfolio.
The team has worked hard, and I'm proud that we're making progress across the board. A number of
accomplishments were included on the prior slide, so I won't go through all the details, but I want to call
out a few highlights here. David will provide more details in his remarks.

I'll start with deucravacitinib. Deucrava has demonstrated a compelling and differentiated profile in 2
Phase III studies as the oral treatment of choice in psoriasis and is an important asset with significant
potential across a number of indications, including psoriatic arthritis, where we have already initiated
a Phase III program. Although we did not achieve proof-of-concept in a Phase II study for ulcerative
colitis, we are committed to advancing our promising deucravacitinib clinical program in inflammatory
bowel disease, including another study for ulcerative colitis as well as Crohn's disease in lupus and other
immune-mediated diseases.

We continue to make great progress in our cell therapy franchise, and we look forward to presenting the
transform data for Breyanzi in second-line DLBCL at ASH. We're excited with the strength of this data,
which have the potential to enable our cell therapy franchise to reach a broader set of patients.

And we are also looking forward to presenting data from the first Phase II study for Milvexian for VTE
prevention in patients undergoing total knee replacement at the American Heart Association conference
in a few weeks. Looking at the overall strength of execution so far, I am confident that we are on track to
deliver what is required for us to renew our portfolio.

Moving to Slide 6. It has been 2 years since we formed the new Bristol-Myers Squibb. As I reflect on
this time, we have already made great progress. We are doing what we set out to do: delivering on the
value drivers of the integration, and most importantly, establishing a strong foundation for our company's
growth well into the future.

Knowing that we face losses of exclusivity in the coming years, I recognize executing well on our multiple
launches and continuing to advance our pipeline is particularly important for us. When I reflect on the
last 2 years, I'm pleased on both fronts. We see strong demand for our newly launched products, and we
are delivering on the promise of our pipeline, including a broadening data set for our launch products and
continuing progress with our next generation of assets, such as Milvexian and iberdomide.

Our company today is more diversified than ever before with 4 durable franchises and the financial
flexibility to continue to invest in innovation. As we recently announced, we will be hosting an investor
event on November 16 in New York City to review our progress over the last 2 years and further discuss
the company's strategy, pipeline and business opportunities. I look forward to the meeting, and I hope you
will join us.

In closing, we have made significant progress through this period, and I would like to thank our global
teams who have maintained the focus on delivering for patients.

With that, I'll turn it over to David to walk you through the financials. David?

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Giovanni, and thank you all for joining our call today. Starting with our top line performance on
Slide 8. We had yet another strong quarter with third quarter revenues growing double digits versus prior
year, primarily due to demand -- increased demand for our inline brands, but as well as our new product
portfolio. So let me shed some light on some of our product performance, starting with Eliquis on Slide 9.

Eliquis continues to perform very strongly with global sales up 15% versus prior year. In the U.S., sales
grew 18% versus prior year. Demand growth continues to be strong with total prescription growth of
14% versus last year, driven by OAC products' market share gains and growth in new-to-brand volumes.
Sequentially, as usual, sales were impacted by the expected coverage gap liability that occurs in the third
and fourth quarters each year. We expect strong new-to-brand share growth to further translate to overall
total prescription growth. Internationally, sales grew 12% versus prior year, primarily due to demand.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Shares continue to increase across all key geographies and continues to rank as the #1 OAC in multiple
markets with additional room to grow. We remain really pleased with Eliquis' execution around the world
and expect to continue to grow Eliquis' share within a growing class.

Now moving to Opdivo's performance on Slide 10. We are pleased with the continued momentum for the
brand, with sales growth of 7% versus prior year. In the U.S., sales grew 4% versus last year, primarily
driven by uptake in first-line lung cancer and our multiple other new launches this year. And sequentially,
we had demand growth of 5%, which was offset by a work down of $40 million in inventory build we noted
in the second quarter.

Our commercial teams continue to execute well. We've retained strong positions in core indications such
as melanoma and renal and are very pleased with the performance of our newer indications.

Outside the U.S., we had another strong quarter with sales up 11% versus last year. Growth was primarily
driven by demand for new indications that expanded access in Latin America, Turkey and Russia. We
continue to see strong uptake from our new launches in lung and renal cancer in Germany and Japan
with pricing and reimbursement discussions ongoing in other key markets. These launches, together with
recent approvals of first-line gastric and adjuvant esophageal cancer, are expected to contribute to further
growth internationally.

Based on positive momentum from our current launches and future potential launches, including first-line
esophageal in May of next year as well as expansion opportunities from clinical trials that will read out
over the next few years, the promise for Opdivo's continued growth is high.

Turning to our inline multiple myeloma portfolio on Slide 11. Revlimid was up 11% globally, primarily
driven by demand for triple-based therapies and increasing treatment duration. Pomalyst global sales were
up 10%, driven by continued demand for triple-based therapies and use in earlier lines.

Now moving to our new products on Slide 12. We continue to be very pleased with our new products,
which generated sales of $344 million in the third quarter. This new diversified portfolio is already
annualizing close to $1.5 billion run rate, giving us great confidence that we are on our way to renewing
our business with products that are much earlier in their life cycle.

So let's start with Reblozyl, which generated strong sales of $160 million in the third quarter, up 67%
versus prior year. Sales growth in the U.S. was primarily driven by continued demand in the ESA refractory
MDS patients as well as a $20 million to $25 million inventory build. We are very encouraged by the recent
NCCN Guideline update that now recommends evaluating ESA response sooner at 6 to 8 weeks instead
of the previously recommended 12 to 16 weeks. This supports the need to monitor and potentially treat
new patients earlier in their treatment journey. Additionally, we remain focused on ensuring we receive the
most appropriate dose for sustained benefit.

Outside the U.S., uptake continues to be strong in countries where Reblozyl was launched. Sales were
impacted by the usual price review 1 year after launch in Germany. We expect to launch in Italy and the
Netherlands in Q4 pending reimbursement discussions and in more countries in 2022 to drive additional
growth for the brand.

Moving to our cell therapies Abecma and Breyanzi. Demand for Abecma, our first-in-class BCMA CAR T
remains robust. We generated $71 million in the third quarter versus $24 million in the second quarter.
Remember that 2Q revenues consisted of only 1.5 months of sales having launched in mid-May, so
performance this quarter reflects a full quarter of sales. Demand continues to exceed supply, and we
expect Q4 revenues to be largely similar to Q3.

Now moving to our CD19 CAR T, Breyanzi. Sales in the quarter were $30 million versus $17 million in
the prior quarter. Sales increased due to patient demand with physicians recognizing Breyanzi's best-
in-class profile. We're extremely pleased to have clinically meaningful EFS data in second-line large B-
cell lymphoma and look forward to presenting the data at ASH and bringing this treatment to earlier line
patients in 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Turning to Zeposia. Global revenues were $40 million in the quarter, driven by multiple sclerosis launch
and onetime inventory build in the U.S. The MS launch continues to progress well, where Zeposia remains
the S1P of choice in terms of written prescriptions. We continue to focus on establishing Zeposia as not
only the S1P of choice, but also the oral treatment of choice in MS. Our launch in UC is also progressing
well in the U.S. We are encouraged by the initial uptake and growth in the number of new trialists since
launch in June. Our focus is building on volume, establishing demand for this oral biologic-like medicine,
while broadening access over time.

We are also very pleased to have just received CHMP positive opinion in Europe and look forward to
making Zeposia available to patients living with UC as soon as possible.

Lastly, we're making progress on establishing Onureg in first-line maintenance in AML patients. Onureg
generated sales of $21 million in the quarter, primarily driven by increased demand as well as inventory
build versus prior quarter. We continue to focus on shaping the new maintenance segment and increasing
adoption and patient adherence.

Now let's turn our attention over to P&L on Slide 13. We've already covered our strong sales for the
quarter, so let me walk you through a few other non-GAAP key line items. Gross margin increased versus
prior year, primarily due to lower royalty payments. Operating expenses were higher than last year,
particularly in R&D due to COVID recovery, but also slightly in MS&A due to investments supporting our
launch and prelaunch activities. MS&A versus prior quarter did experience some softness due to timing of
investments that have shifted to the fourth quarter. Our effective tax rate of 14.9% was primarily driven
by earnings mix. Overall, non-GAAP EPS increased 23% year-over-year.

Now moving to our balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 14. Our liquidity position remains strong
with almost $16 billion in cash and marketable securities and a strong cash flow from operations of $5.3
billion in the quarter. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. We have significant financial
flexibility to support a balanced approach to capital allocation. Our priorities are to continue to renew
and diversify our portfolio through business development, paying down our debt and returning capital to
shareholders. We have executed several business development deals this year, bringing in differentiated
early-stage assets. Business development remains a top priority as a leading innovation-based company.

We have paid down $6 billion in debt year-to-date and are committed to maintaining our strong
investment-grade rating. As it relates to returning capital to shareholders, we're committed to growing our
dividend subject to Board approval, and remain opportunistic about share repurchases. We have already
purchased $3.5 billion of shares to date, and we currently have approximately $3 billion remaining in our
authorization program.

Now turning to our guidance on Slide 15. Based on the strong performance in the quarter, we are
reaffirming full year sales and raising the lower end of our non-GAAP EPS guidance. We continue to expect
revenues to increase at the higher end of our guidance and gross margin to be approximately 80%.

Moving to operating expenses. We are maintaining our MS&A and R&D guidance for the year. As I
mentioned earlier, MS&A, we are expecting higher expenses in the fourth quarter due to timing of
investments that shifted by a quarter. Additionally, we're updating our tax rate guidance to approximately
16.5%, primarily due to earnings mix.

All in all, I'm pleased with our performance. We had another remarkable quarter for the company and
continue to execute well against our plans and to diversify and renew our portfolio. This performance
couldn't have been achieved without the passion and dedication of our employees around the world, and I
look forward to providing you future updates on our progress.

With that, I'll now turn it back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations
Thanks, David. Christina, could we go to our first question, please?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

We'll take our first question from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Congrats on a good quarter. I just wanted to ask on the new launches, the Abecma launch was pretty
good. Just give us a sense for how much of that is still a bolus of patients versus underlying demand? And
just also help us with the impact that you're still seeing from the viral vector manufacturing. And then
the second question, just on Opdivo. It was flat sequentially, and how do you view going into 2022 with
respect to what indications could be more of a tipping point versus others?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Geoff. Thanks for the questions. This is Giovanni. Let me just start with a couple of comments,
and then I'll ask Chris to answer both of your questions. I just wanted to step back and really think about
cell therapy. And you'll remember, in the past, we've had a number of discussions about whether cell
therapy treatments would have a fast uptake in the marketplace where this market would grow over time.
There were concerns with payers' willingness to provide coverage for those therapies.

And I must say, when I look at the experience that we've had with both Abecma and Breyanzi, it really
confirms our belief that given the right treatments with the right efficacy and safety profile, there is
tremendous willingness of physicians to prescribe and drive increased adoption in the marketplace. Many
of the payer dynamics have been resolved. So beyond, obviously, the question that Chris will answer,
as we look at the medium and the long term and the commitment we've made to our broad cell therapy
portfolio, I'm very reassured that the commercial potential of this modality is being recognized, I would
say, significantly more than in the past. Chris?

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

So thanks for the questions, Geoff. Let me start with cell therapy. So we are very pleased with the
performance really of both Abecma and Breyanzi in the quarter. We saw a very nice increase in demand
for both products. There was some bolus for Abecma still reflected in these numbers. But the underlying
demand for that product looks very strong. The same is true with Breyanzi. We're very happy with the
commercial execution for both of these products. We now have over 70 accounts that have been activated
across both products. And the majority of those accounts have been or planned to imminently use one
or both of the cell therapy products. So overall, I would say the commercial performance continues to be
very good.

As has been mentioned already, we're actively managing the supply constraints. Those mainly are
impacting Abecma. And as David mentioned in his remarks, we do anticipate that Abecma sales in the
fourth quarter are going to be roughly similar to what we saw in the third quarter. And we're, of course,
continuing to stay very focused on managing through the vector supply constraints. And anticipate it being
in a much better position on that front as we get into the second half of next year. But again, stepping
back, as Giovanni just mentioned, we are very happy with what we're seeing in the marketplace on cell
therapy and it confirms the opportunity we have to build a strong position here.

With respect to Opdivo, the performance for the quarter for I-O was really in line with expectations. We
saw very strong double-digit growth relative to the same time last year. And while sales were flat, as you
know, from Q2 into Q3, that was, as David mentioned, a function of inventory dynamics coming out of
the second quarter. What is important here is that we had very solid growth in the quarter. We had solid

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

growth relative to same time last year and quarter-over-quarter. And that growth was in the key tumors
that are going to drive near and medium-term growth for the I-O franchise, notably in gastric cancer
where we've seen a nice uptick since the approval in April.

In renal cell cancer, we continue to see very strong demand. And we've seen coming at the end of the
quarter some nice growth in first-line lung cancer. So overall, if you step back, we were very confident not
only in the continued growth for Opdivo this year, but importantly, the momentum going into '22.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Seamus Fernandez with Guggenheim.

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So first one is on deucravacitinib. Just wanted to get a little bit of a better sense. It just seems -- I
was surprised to see that we don't have deucravacitinib listed as filed yet. I just don't know what the
limitations are. Are there new data being added or that you plan to be added? Or is it just simply waiting
for FDA's acceptance of the filing?

The second question really is as we think about the opportunity for deucravacitinib, I wanted to just
get a better understanding of what Bristol believes is necessary to succeed in ulcerative colitis. It's our
understanding that the IC90 may, in fact, be the most critical part of the development plan. And that
perhaps deucravacitinib may not achieve that unless the dose is really pushed. And so just wondering if
a long-acting formulation may be something that Bristol is pursuing. And then just a final question very
quickly. Between your -- the MK2 inhibitor, the BTK inhibitor, the S1P1 that you have in Phase II. Would
you call out any of these as having data in 2022 that we's should be watching for?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Seamus. Let me ask Samit to answer your questions.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Seamus, thank you for your questions. On the first one on deucrava, let me just first start by reiterating
our confidence in the data which differentiates it and establishes it as a potential best oral therapy of
choice in the future for patients with psoriasis. In terms of the filing, as you very well know, we don't
comment on when we file but we certainly do make it public when the file has been accepted, validated
after we have filed for the indication. So we will certainly make you aware and everyone aware when we
hear as time goes. But having said that, we do anticipate bringing the medicine to patients in the second
half of 2022, as we have said before.

On the question on ulcerative colitis. You are right in the sense that the dose required in ulcerative colitis,
Crohn's disease or IBD in general, is going to be 2x to 3x higher than what we see for psoriasis, and
we've seen that for other molecules as well. And that is the intent of the ongoing trials to test out these
doses. We obviously have not shared exactly what doses are being pursued for confidential reasons and
competitive reasons. But we are looking at all avenues in terms of looking at the impact from not only PK
but the PD outcomes as well. And we'll continue to follow those. And those will be the ways to define a
proof of concept in this disease for pursuing further in ulcerative colitis.

In terms of the MK2, S1P1, BTK additional data, those trials are ongoing. As you know, these are in
the Phase IIa, Phase IIb settings where we have multiple indications being pursued in BTK in the same
trial in the autoimmune space. S1P1 also, additional work being done in Crohn's disease, for example,
for Zeposia. And for MK2 as well, data is evolving. I can't say that you'll see the data in '22 or not, but
certainly, we'll make it available as soon as we have evolution of the clinical outcomes for these data.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Yes, we'll take our next question. from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just 2 questions for me. Maybe first, there seems to be a lot of debate on the rate of Revlimid erosion in
'22. And I know you're not giving guidance for next year, but just any color you can provide there, both
U.S. and international dynamics? And maybe specifically on the international side of the business, is it
reasonable to think about the business as down like 50% for next year given the LOEs you're facing? Or
are you thinking of something much better or worse than that? Just to get what you think that -- I think
all have eroding over time, but just any color on the rate of erosion would be much appreciated.

And then the second question is a bigger picture one. You've been steadily rebuilding the portfolio here,
but you've had a stock that's underperformed this year. And I think the Street remains concerned on some
of these longer-term LOEs. Does that at some point lead to, I guess, a more aggressive deployment of
your capital, whether that's a step-up in BD, you look at larger -- maybe later-stage deals or even going
the other direction with more aggressive share repo? I'm just trying to get a sense of when you look
at what, I think, you would think of as a disconnect between what's fundamentally happened with your
business and the stock price, like how do you kind of think about starting to address that?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Chris. Let me take your questions here. Giovanni. So first of all, on Revlimid generic entries,
nothing has changed there. And let me just reiterate what we've said before and what we see happening
next year. So next year, we will begin to see a volume limited generic competition in the U.S. And at the
same time, we expect to see generic entries for Revlimid ex-U.S. That's consistent with what has always
been our understanding. It has not changed. It's been fairly clear in our filings, and we're preparing for
that.

The second thing that I would like to say is that if you remember, beginning at JPMorgan, we clearly
articulated how we think about the company during the period of loss of exclusivity for Revlimid and
Pomalyst. And we expect to be able to grow the company. In fact, we've articulated low to mid-single
digit for the total company and low double digits for our continuing business through 2025. And when we
provided that perspective, we obviously were reflecting our understanding of the Revlimid erosion.

And I think the conviction that we have that we can continue to grow the company is really driven by the
belief which is proving right, that the combination of strong growth from our inline products, and namely
Opdivo and Eliquis, combined with the strong uptake of our launch brands, which is happening, would
more than offset the loss of exclusivity of Revlimid internationally next year and then over time in the U.S.
So while I'm not going to give you exactly a percentage of erosion for next year. And we definitely will
have an opportunity to talk more about this when we eventually provide guidance for the year. What I can
tell you is that our belief remains strong. And I think that our perspective that we are able to grow sales
and earnings per share applies to next year as well. And so nothing has really changed there.

Now with respect to your second question that speaks to what are our priorities as we renew the portfolio
in the face of LOEs. First of all, I think we have a rapidly evolving portfolio of new medicines that has
tremendous potential, where we are executing multiple launches well. And I think our priority is always
going to be, first, to maximize the opportunities that we have in a very, very rich late-stage pipeline. At
the same time, we have tremendous financial flexibility, as David said. And obviously, we've seen -- we've
said for some time now that business development is a priority for us as we think about allocating capital,
and that continues to be the case.

At the same time, as I've said before, we will be disciplined as we think about BD because we do have
many opportunities to deploy our capital to accelerate growth. And I also believe that our capital allocation
strategy will continue to be balanced where, as David mentioned, we have a history to look at our
dividend, and we have increased our dividend consistently over the last several years. We've done that
double digit in the last couple of years. And looking at share repurchases, year-to-date, we've repurchased

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

$3.5 billion. We have an existing authorization for another $3 billion this year. And obviously, we'll
continue to look at that as well.

But I can tell you that, of course, I understand the focus on LOEs at the same time, as we believe that we
are executing really well on a plan to renew our portfolio, and we have tremendous financial flexibility to
continue to make the right moves to do that.

Operator

Next question is from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

A couple of questions. LAG-3, when can we expect that you'll have overall survival data on hand in
melanoma for the package you've already submitted? And can you update us on what the development
program looks like from here in terms of new trials and new tumor types? If I look at Roche with TIGIT,
they pushed into lots of registrational trials, into lots of different tumors, kind of all at once. And I'm
wondering why we're not seeing Bristol do the same here? Is it a signal that your confidence just isn't
there yet in this molecule and that the survival data in melanoma is a gating factor?

And then second question on mavacamten. Last quarter, I asked a question why you got only a standard
review when it was awarded breakthrough therapy designation previously, I didn't quite understand your
answer. But in 2019, it was pretty clear you expected a 2021 approval and launch. So I'm going to reask
it here, are you confident you have an approvable drug at the PDUFA date? Or is there a potential that
they'll want additional data and you'll get a CRL?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. Thank you, Tim. Let me ask Samit to answer both of your questions, LAG-3 and mavacamten.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Sure. Tim, for LAG-3, overall survival data, of course, is dependent on the events, and we are going to
continue to follow them, and we'll share the data once available through our medical conference, but
certainly make you aware of it. We have to remember, though, that in I-O therapies, more important than
those hazard ratios are going to be the shape of the curve, and we're going to continue to watch out for
that. and we'll share that when that becomes available. I cannot tell you exactly what the timing would be
at this time.

From a development program perspective, yes, the first aligned melanoma study read out, we submitted
it. We have a PDUFA date for March of 2022. We have initiated the adjuvant trial in melanoma at this time.
We have a randomized Phase II study ongoing in non-small cell lung cancer and plans to initiate Phase III
trials late this year or meaning at the end of this year or early next year. And we have a randomized trial
ongoing in hepatocellular carcinoma as a proof-of-concept generation.

LAG-3, as you know, has had a history for a long time where we didn't have any data. So one has to
ensure that the proof-of-concepts that we are following are going to be strong. And we believe that
the trials that we have ongoing will give us that data to go forward. For TIGIT, if you recall, there is a
proof-of-concept in non-small cell lung cancer, and that is a different tumor type and different milieu in
terms of the tumor microenvironment. So we have to sort of judge the scientific data and put that in that
perspective as we look for new tumor types to explore. And we'll certainly keep you posted as new tumor
types are added in the LAG-3 program as well.

For mavacamten, we are certainly comfortable with the data that we have from the EXPLORER trial from
the efficacy perspective as well as safety perspective. We have a PDUFA date for January of next year.
We have not heard from the FDA in terms of what additional data would be required. We certainly don't
comment as to what the outcomes will be and how the ultimate decisions will be made by the agency, but

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

we continue to engage with them. And as is usual for any filing, the back and forth in answering questions
continues, but that is not unusual as we look at mavacamten or any of the drug.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Luisa Hector with Berenberg.

Luisa Caroline Hector
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

I wanted to check on deucravacitinib, whether you have started hiring your dermatology sales force
already or whether this is -- so now that the Q4 and the reason for the phasing of the marketing cost into
Q4 from Q3? And maybe you could also update us on where you are with your cost savings or where you
plan to be by the end of this year? And what kind of increment we could see in 2022 [ deucravacitinib ]
generic impact as well, just to think about the phasing of those various items?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

So let's start with deucrava commercial investment in preparation of launch, Chris and then David, on
synergies.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Sure. Thanks for the question. We are well on our way to building out the U.S. commercial and medical
teams and feel great about the quality of the team that we're pulling together as well as the commercial
readiness. The medical teams have actually been in place for a number of months. We've managed to
hire a very strong team with deep dermatology experience there, key in-office roles have been filled and
they're in the process of executing against launch plans, and we are building out the sales teams now.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

David?

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Great. And thanks for the question on synergies. The execution on the integration continues to go
extremely well. As we indicated before, we'll overdeliver our initial commitment. We're now at $3 billion.
By the end of this year, we anticipate being about $2.5 billion, which you may recall was the original
overall commitment. So as we head into next year, getting to that $3 billion is what we're targeting. So
good execution and continued overachievement of our initial expectations on the synergies.

Operator

Your next question will come from Andrew Baum with Citi.

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

First question is on the TYK2. Number one, could you just update us on the additional maturing data
sets in terms of what you're seeing from zoster, cardiovascular as well as a malignancy, if anything? And
also, perhaps you could comment on in light of the recent FDA comments for JAKs in RA. How are you
thinking about potential labeling for TYK2? Obviously, there's a [ continuum of ] potential label, some very
unfavorable, some obviously more favorable.

And then second is in relation to your analyst meeting that is coming up, to what extent would you be able
to talk to your Phase III program for your Factor XIa inhibitor? Or will we have to wait until you have the
arterial data in hand next year before you and your partner can talk to the overall Phase III trial program?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure, Andrew. Let me just start by giving you perspective about the investor meeting. And then we'll
ask Samit to comment on the TYK2 program. So as we think about getting together in the middle of
November, the objective is really primarily to give you an update on everything that has happened in
the company and our portfolio over the last 2 years. It will be 2 years since we closed the acquisition of
Celgene and a lot has happened. And so we'll talk about the progress with the pipeline, some of them is
stage programs, the commercial opportunities we see from the asset, and we'll talk about the outlook for
the company.

Specifically, there will be an opportunity to focus on a few of those. So for example, as you know, the
Milvexian data will be presented at AHA just before our meeting, and we look forward to discussing that
update with you.

We're also making progress in another area, which is hematology, and that includes the CELMoDs and
the Breyanzi second-line data that were mentioned earlier. They are expected to be at ASH, and we have
an opportunity to review those at the event. So these are just some of the examples of the updates
that we're planning on discussing at the meeting, and that includes some of the data sets that you were
referencing. Samit?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Yes. Thank you. And in regards to the TYK2 inhibitor, the long-term data that we continue to follow these
patients and we've seen -- we don't see the profile differentiating in any other way than what we've
already disclosed before. But we believe this is a TYK2 inhibitor not having a JAK-like signature. The
overall profile from the lab parameters perspective, cardiovascular perspective, infection perspective
remains stable as the data had been shared before. So we are looking forward to continuing the
engagement with the agencies as we go forward and looking to bring it to patients in the second half of
next year.

As far as the JAK and labeling in RA as well as other conditions are concerned, again, these are going to
be in the future as we go into discussions with the regulatory agencies how we see it. We don't see it as
a JAK inhibitor, so we are not really thinking about it like that. We'll continue to update you once we get a
more sound plays in terms of advice if there is any to be shared.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Carter Gould with Barclays.

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

First, I guess, maybe start with commercial. I wanted -- hoping you could add maybe a little bit more in
terms of anything tangible on sort of UC demand with Zeposia and to what extent the start of the year
will be sort of an important milestone in terms of broadening access? And then maybe just a clarifying
question on deucravacitinib. Samit, you talked about in UC needing to explore doses 2x to 3x higher
than what's active in psoriasis. I know you don't want to get into specific doses, but are you exploring
something above and beyond sort of the 12 mg that I think was the high end in the psoriasis study? And
then I know it's a bit of a sensitive topic given some of the ongoing litigation, but just maybe how you're
thinking about sort of the backup TYK2 compounds you have in your portfolio?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. Chris, why don't you start on UC demand?

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Yes. So we feel very good about the performance that we're seeing for Zeposia in UC. And let me start
with execution. The execution of the team really since approval has been very strong. We've got very good
awareness for the product. The unaided awareness now is over 60%, aided awareness is well over 90%.
Since approval in UC, we estimate that we have around 400 trialists that have already begun to utilize
the product, virtually all of the gastros that we surveyed were aware of Zeposia or interested in trying it.
And frankly, in spite of still relatively restricted access environment, the sales teams are having very good
success in engaging with customers, both in person and remotely. So from an execution standpoint, it's
early days but we feel very good about where we are.

As you note, access is going to be -- continue to be something we pay a lot of attention to. We feel good
about our ability to start generating volume this year and into the first part of next year, and we think that
volume will build momentum as we get into the second half of 2022 when we begin to get additional more
favorable access with key payers. But so far, the UC performance that we're seeing commercially is very,
very strong and very happy with where we sit.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Chris. Before I ask Samit to comment on the deucrava dose, let me just say, Carter, we're not
going to comment on any ongoing litigation. I just want to say that, that litigation is really not related at
all to the BMS program or any backup that may exist. So they're completely different programs, and there
is no relationship there.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Yes. And just a minor thing to add over here is, as we talk about the doses without getting into the
specifics of it, I can tell you that we selected the doses which are higher than what we used in the
psoriasis program based on PK modeling. And taking into account the historical experience, we will
certainly say that at this point, we don't know if these higher doses will translate into efficacy or not.
That's the proof of concept we're trying to get. And once that is available, that will certainly pave the way
for the future program. We will need to see what the data are from the next trials that we are pursuing
right now, both in Crohn's disease as well as in ulcerative colitis.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ronny Gal with Bernstein.

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

The first one is on the PD-1 space. There's been some debate about the approvability of follow-on PD-1
with data from Asian populations only. You've obviously generated a lot of data in various populations. And
I was wondering if there was any scientific basis to this concern that is in your trials, is there a difference
in either efficacy or safety in different ethnic populations with your PD-1?

And second, on Washington and the discussion around price reform in the drug area, it seems to be clear
that the negative scenario, so the industry will not play out. But there is still some discussion of pharma
contributing to catastrophic insurance in Part D. And if there will be price negotiations, the discussions
seem to be focused on Part B as in boy. Given that you're essentially more exposed to the oncology space,
I was wondering if this -- if there's any basis for that? Is there a risk that oncology will take the brunt of
the impact of the [ DC or whatever give a way to take in ]? Or will it be more balanced across product
types?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Ronny. Let me just start there, and then I'll ask Samit to comment on your question about PD-1
development. So let me just start by saying that it's really difficult to forecast at this point what price
reform may look like in the future. From my perspective, what's important is that any change that is made

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

actually improves affordability of medicines for patients. And that's the lens that we are applying. And
from that perspective, there are a number of elements of potential reform like establishing out-of-pocket
caps in Part D, redesign of the Part D's benefit to reduce the exposure of patients that we support, and we
also support some changes like introducing market forces in Part B.

Very difficult to answer your question with respect to whether a disproportionate impact may happen in
oncology or not. I think what's important is that we don't go to reforms that actually impact the ability of
the industry overall to continue to invest in innovation. And that's the primary lens here.

I think from the perspective of the BMS portfolio, when you look at our portfolio, it's actually very
diversified across therapeutic areas, across actually Part B versus Part D. And so I can't speculate what the
impact of any reform would be on us. I think what's really important is to continue to advocate for reforms
that yes, improve affordability of medicines for patients, but at the same time, enable us to continue
to invest in innovation. And some of the hyperpartisan scenarios being discussed in Washington would
actually impact both negatively.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Yes. And just starting from where you left off in terms of the portfolio, we have a very broad portfolio,
which means that when we conduct our clinical trials, we do them globally, including those in the Asian
countries. And when we file the data, we have to provide subset analysis by region or sometimes even
by country, and that's how we seek approval in some of the regions and countries of the world, including
in Asia. As it comes to the PD-1 inhibitors, where we have conducted clinical trials globally and across
the 20-odd indications or 12-plus tumor types that have now sought approvals, we don't see a major
difference occurring because of regional differences or population differences. That doesn't mean that
representation of larger populations may not be required in clinical trials. So one has to just keep that in
mind rather than thinking about a singular country trial will lead to approvals or not.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. I guess 2 for me. So first, on the second-line CAR T study. I'm just wondering how you're thinking
about that commercially. And specifically, whether you think you need longer-term follow-up to compare
to transplant for that to be commercially successful. And then as we look at the data coming at ASH, I
think we're going to get data from Kite's study as well. I'm wondering if there's any differentiation you're
looking for your product versus those?

And then second on Zeposia. I'm just wondering if you could talk about or you thought about if Biogen
wins their appeal on Tecfidera and branded Tecfidera comes back to the market, does that change any of
your assumptions and how you think about the MS market?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you. Thanks, Matthew. Let me start with Chris, just maybe a comment on Zeposia. And then we can
move to the second-line CAR T data and Samit will add some comments.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Yes. So just on Zeposia very quickly, we have -- we don't anticipate that any potential change on the
Tecfidera side would have an impact on us. We've seen very limited competitive impact of generic
Tecfidera that's prominently been cannibalization of branded Tec and then obviously a shift in the
utilization within that portfolio. Our focus on Zeposia in the MS side continues to be not only establishing

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

ourselves as the #1 SP, which we are right now in terms of written scripts, but also becoming the #1 oral.
And so our focus will continue to be, in a very disciplined way, focused on that.

And then let me just give the commercial perspective on the second-line CAR T study, and then I'll turn
it over to Samit. When you look at that second line setting generally, you generally see that population
diverting to those physicians who tend to be very focused on transplant. There's a sort of defined segment
of those physicians. There are a number of physicians who are very open and look for opportunities to
avoid transplant where possible. And then there are a number of physicians who really take it on a case-
by-case basis. And so we're excited about the data that we've seen so far, and look forward to seeing
that data continue to play out and be presented at ASH, and we'll adjust obviously accordingly from a
commercial standpoint.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Yes. And just continuing that excitement from a data perspective, we truly are looking forward to sharing
the data at ASH from the second-line study. And EFS in this particular case is accepted endpoint from a
regulatory perspective. So looking forward to certainly getting engagement with the agency and getting
this again to the patients as soon as possible.

We'll obviously continue to follow patients for overall survival. And as is required for CAR T cell therapies,
long-term safety follow-up as well. So those data will evolve and will be shared in the future. At the
current time, the primary endpoint of the study was EFS, and we have that in hand, and that will be
presented.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Steve Scala with Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

A couple of questions. Lupus seems like an area of strategic interest to the company. Does Bristol feel
it has all the assets it needs in lupus? Or would you look for M&A to supplement this area? So that's
one question. Second question is on the Factor XIa data at AHA. It was mentioned on this call that the
company is excited about what we are going to see. On the second quarter call, Samit, you noted that the
data we're going to see is dose finding and safety data. So should we conclude that what we will see at
AHA is that you have the Phase III dose and it is proven safe? Or might we see more than that?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Samit, do you want to take both?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Sure. Absolutely. Thank you, Steve, for your questions. And starting with lupus, as you know, that we will,
first of all, get the data for deucravacitinib in SLE at the beginning of next year. We have a discoid lupus
study that is also ongoing, which will read out in '23 or later part of that. We have a couple of other assets
in early developments, which are on ClinicalTrials.gov, which we have ongoing studies looking at lupus as
well. So we do believe that we've covered a broad range of targets and broad range of medicines being
explored in lupus and one of those -- or several of those could be pursued for the future.

From an XIa perspective, for Milvexian, as we've said, at AHA, you'll see the data. And there are 2 things
to really take away. One, the intent of the study was to define a range of dose that will be pursued for
future evaluation in Phase III once the data from SSP study is also available. So that collective data set
then leads to the decision-making for future exploration and indications as we go forward.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Second, we wanted to see a differentiation in terms of not only efficacy, but very importantly, from a
safety and bleeding risk perspective. And when we think about that, it is going to be important to pay
attention to major bleeds and minor bleeds and overall bleeds. So those are the kinds of things that you
probably will see at AHA and then we can certainly have a discussion in the middle of next month when we
have the presentations for the investors meeting.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Dane Leone with Raymond James.

Dane Vincent Leone
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Congratulations on the update. I'll keep it to 2 for me. Firstly, just going back to the generic erosion
debate heading into 2022. Taking a different angle, obviously, post the acquisition of Celgene that
was accretive to your overall operating margin, the question from a lot of us have followed. Celgene,
historically, along with Bristol has been -- the belief was Revlimid drove a lot of that margin for Celgene.
And with that going away, even with new brands ramping up, is there enough from the portfolio and
steady state growth of maybe Eliquis and Opdivo to offset an impact operationally from EBITDA? Or will
there need to be bridging, like you said, of additional cost efficiencies from the organization? So that's
one, essentially getting to whether there could be a lost year or 2 of EBITDA growth from the existing
portfolio.

Secondly, a quick one for me. It's been brought up a lot why the team has not aggressively moved to start
studies in more of a mild to moderate population for Zeposia in ulcerative colitis. So any thoughts around
the development plan there would be appreciated.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks very much. So let me just start and ask David to make some comments there. I'll just reiterate
what I said earlier that from our perspective, as we think about the period of loss of exclusivity of
Revlimid, first of all, we always said that our perspective of that, particularly in the U.S., there will be a
slope that would be happening over time. We've made a comment in the past, we were more conservative
on that slope than consensus. At the same time, we believe strongly in the fact that the growth of the
inline portfolio and the launch brands will actually enable the company to grow through that period. But
David can give you a better perspective about the profitability of our business going forward and how we
think about that.

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Dane, for the question. And we feel very confident in our ability to maintain our operating
margins in the low to mid-40% through 2025. And there's a couple of things driving that. One, as I
discussed earlier, we're doing better on our synergies and strong execution against that as we head into
next year and the run rate after that. I'd say the other is we've been very disciplined on the P&L side of
things. And as you may note, from an MS&A perspective, we're very efficient and top tier in our industry.
And the other thing I would say is that we've been very disciplined from the standpoint of reallocating
resources from those LOE brands to our launch brands which gives us further confidence in that.

And the last thing is if you think about the portfolio and the launches, many of those products have strong
margins, as you talked about on the inline with Opdivo being a high-margin product, but also some of
the other ones that are in the launch portfolio like Zeposia as well as Reblozyl. Those products have nice
margins as well. So that's what gives us confidence in our ability to keep those operating margins in that
low to mid-40s as we progress.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

And in terms of Zeposia, we have obviously got the indication for MS as well as UC and the trials are
ongoing in Crohn's disease, we currently do not have any plans in the mild to moderate patients with UC
at this time.

Operator

We'll take our question from Matt Phipps with William Blair.

Matthew Christopher Phipps
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

You mentioned that Abecma would be relatively flat going into the fourth quarter. But should we expect
to be more or less flat until the vector supply issue is resolved, which I think you said would occur in the
second half of next year? And then can you just comment on if the higher dose that was explored in the
LATTICE-UC trial with deucra is also being explored in Crohn's and SLE or just maybe how there's different
doses amongst those indications as well?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Chris and then Samit.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

So just quickly on Abecma. Yes, we've commented on how we anticipate Abecma sales growing in Q4.
And we've also said that we are staying very focused on increasing vector supply as we get into the first
half of next year. And so I don't have the ability to give you any additional information for next year. But
obviously, we'll continue to update you on future calls.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Yes. And as it relates to the doses, again, on deucravacitinib in UC and CD, there are some similarities
in the doses, but we have optionality over here to amend and change the dosing patterns here. So we'll
continue to work with our DMC as well as our clinical trials teams are looking into the data to see if there
are any adjustments needed for either of the 2 trials.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, everyone. Thanks again for participating in the call. We had a great quarter with very, very strong
performance. The launch portfolio continues to progress, inline brands are growing strongly. We look
forward to the opportunity to continue to discuss the evolution of the pipeline and the future outlook of
the company when we get together in the middle of November for our Investor Day. Tim and the rest of
his team will be available throughout the day to answer any other questions you have. Thanks, and have a
good day.

Operator
And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

