C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:CHRW
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 29, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.96

0.73

(23.96 %)

0.74

4.41

4.19

(4.99 %)

3.62

3749.60

3793.33

1.17

3637.57

15278.89

15309.51

0.20

15590.59

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-29-2020 8:21 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

1.14

1.22

1.14

1.16

1.22

1.07

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1.75 %

0.00 %

(6.14 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

FQ4 2019

0.96

0.73

(23.96 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

 
C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations &
Treasurer

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Following today's presentation, Bob Houghton will facilitate a review of
previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded,
Wednesday, January 29, 2020.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Bob Houghton, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Thank you, Dawn, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be Bob Biesterfeld, our Chief
Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide commentary
on our 2019 fourth quarter results. Presentation slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the
Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow their comments with responses
to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday.

I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's
presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations.

And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. I'll get right to the point this morning. Our net revenues, our
operating margins and our earnings per share all finished well our long-term targets. We've been facing
some rather extreme, if not unprecedented, cyclical changes in our North American trucking market.

1 year ago, we were experiencing near record net revenue dollars per shipment and double-digit total
company net revenue growth. This was followed by a period of rapid price declines, driven by excess
capacity and weak demand. The resulting net revenue reported for fourth quarter of 2019 seems another
stark contrast to the results of a year ago.

Higher operating expenses for the quarter, including increased investments in Information Technology,
magnified this effect. Mike will provide more context on our operating expenses in the prepared remarks.

To be clear, our fourth quarter results do not reflect our performance expectations going forward. We are
committed to our investments in technology, even during more challenging periods in the freight side.
Our investments this quarter led to operating margins below the low end of our historical fourth quarter
averages.

We're not immune to large swings in the freight market, but we believe our continued advancements
through cycles will align the net revenue growth and the operating cost needed to drive operating margin
expansion over the long term. We will continue our focus on cost controls with our target of eliminating
$100 million in operating costs over the next 3 years. So as we move through mid-2020, we expect our
operating margins will begin to improve.

Despite results below our long-term expectations, I do believe that we took some really important steps
in the fourth quarter. We continue to adjust our pricing in order to optimize our results. Our fourth quarter
decline in truckload net revenue per shipment was largely anticipated as the fourth quarter of 2018
benefited from contractual pricing in a rapidly falling cost environment, resulting in the highest quarterly
truckload net revenue per shipment in the last decade.

On an absolute basis, our fourth quarter truckload net revenue per shipment was very much in line with
levels experienced during the balanced freight markets in both 2016 and 2017. Pricing adjustments to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

reflect the current market helped enable us to deliver flat volume in mass truckload, including a mid-
single-digit increase in contractual volume and 4.5% volume growth in LTL. These are healthy market
share gains in a quarter where volumes, as measured by the Cass Freight Index, declined approximately
6%.

Our truckload volume trends improved further in January, increasing approximately 6%. We're starting
to see our increased investments in technology drive operating efficiency in our business, including a
330 basis point favorable spread between truckload volume growth and headcount growth in our NAST
business.

We continue to deliver industry-leading operating margins in the quarter and returned $137 million to
our shareholders through a combination of share buybacks and dividends. We generated $212 million in
operating cash flow in the fourth quarter. And for the full year, we generated operating cash flow of $835
million, an all-time high.

During the quarter, our teams continued to excel in the areas that we can control, including another
quarter of increased win rates on contractual bids in our truckload and LTL service lines and increased
awards with our largest customers, while we continue to provide the excellent customer service and
innovation that our customers have come to expect from C.H. Robinson.

I'm particularly proud of the results we delivered to our customers and carriers and the efforts of our
employees to continue to provide supply chain expertise that brings capacity solutions to life for our
customers and secure freight and optimize routing for our carriers.

Yesterday, we announced the acquisition of Prime Distribution Services, a leading provider of retail
consolidation services in North America. We're excited about the scale and the value-added warehouse
capabilities that Prime will bring to our existing retail consolidation platform. Prime is a strong leadership
team that's experienced in retail consolidation and warehouse operations, and we're thrilled to bring the
employees, the customers and the carriers of Prime to C.H. Robinson.

With those introductory remarks, I'll now turn the call over to Mike to review our financial performance.

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 shows our Q4 income statement summary. Fourth
quarter total gross revenues decreased 8.3%, driven primarily by lower pricing across most transportation
services due to the continued soft demand in excess capacity that Bob referenced earlier.

Total company net revenues decreased 18.9% in the quarter, led by margin compression in our truckload
service line. Q4 monthly net revenues per business day were down 16% in October, down 13% in
November and down 27% in December when compared to the same periods last year. The net revenue
deterioration in December was driven by performance in the final 2 weeks of the month, where the major
holidays fell in the middle of both weeks, leading to a more pronounced decline in commercial activity.

Total Q4 operating income was down 46.5% over last year. Operating margin declined to 1,220 basis
points compared to Q4 last year when margins were the highest we had seen in 8-quarters. The decline
was driven by the drop in net revenue dollars and increased SG&A expenses. The largest contributors to
the SG&A expense increase were increased technology spend in purchased services related to accelerating
our growth and cost savings initiatives.

Within the SG&A expense in Q4 were approximately $10 million that we would not expect to be ongoing
expense. Diluted earnings per share was $0.73 in Q4, down 45.5% from Q4 last year.

Slide 5 covers other highlights impacting net income. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was 21.4%, an
improvement of approximately 250 basis points from the 23.9% rate in Q4 last year. The lower effective
tax rate included a benefit of $3.2 million from onetime items, driven primarily by a return to provision
true-up in Mexico.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

In Q4, we removed our assertion to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of foreign subsidiaries, which is
consistent with our change in intent and strategy to repatriate cash in an economically efficient manner.
The resulting increase in income tax expense was almost entirely offset by foreign tax credits. Looking
ahead, we expect our 2020 full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 24%.

Fourth quarter interest and other expense totaled $10.8 million, up from $9.5 million in Q4 last year.
Interest and other expense includes the impact of currency revaluation, primarily related to the conversion
of working capital and cash balances to the functional currency in each country where those investments
reside. Q4 this year included a $0.9 million unfavorable impact from currency revaluation compared to Q4
last year that included a $2.4 million gain from currency revaluation. Q4 interest expense declined by $1.6
million, driven primarily by overall debt reduction. Average diluted shares outstanding were down 1.8%,
primarily due to $67.4 million in share repurchases in Q4.

Turning to Slide 6. Cash flow from operations declined to 19.9% versus Q4 last year due primarily to
decreased earnings and partially offset by improved working capital. Q4 capital expenditures totaled
$19.5 million, which brings full year capital expenditures to $70.5 million. We expect 2020 full year capital
expenditures to be between $60 million and $70 million, with spending primarily dedicated to technology.

Consistent with our previous announcement, we are planning to invest at least $200 million in total
technology spending in 2020. In Q4, we returned approximately $137 million to shareholders through
a combination of share repurchases and dividends, which represents an 18.5% decrease versus Q4 last
year. We have nearly 10 million shares remaining on our current share repurchase authorization and
intend to opportunistically repurchase shares to enhance shareholder value.

Now on to some balance sheet highlights on Slide 7. Fourth quarter working capital decreased 17.2%
versus the prior year, driven by the decline in net revenues. Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.24
billion, down approximately $111 million versus the end of Q4 last year, and our weighted average interest
rate was 4.1% in the quarter compared to 4.0% in Q4 last year.

As Bob mentioned, we are excited about the Prime Distribution Services acquisition and the expanded
capabilities that Prime brings to Robinson. We anticipate the acquisition to close by the end of Q1 and plan
to finance the acquisition with cash and existing committed financing. While we expect this acquisition to
be slightly accretive to EPS in 2020, we would not expect it to have a direct or meaningful impact on the
level of share repurchases.

I will wrap up my comments this morning with a look at our volume and net revenue trends in January.
While our January-truckload volume trends have improved over Q4 levels, the combination of soft demand
and excess capacity is keeping pricing well below year-ago levels. January total company net revenues per
business day are down approximately 18%. However, net truckload volume is up approximately 6% versus
January last year, which would make this our highest NAST truckload volume for a January on record.

For reference, in 2019, total company net revenues per business day increased 9% in both January and
February and increased 13% in March.

Thanks for listening this morning. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bob to provide some additional
context on the business and our segment performance.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

Thank you, Mike. I'll begin my remarks on our operating segment performance by highlighting the current
state of the North America truckload market.

On Slide 9, the light and dark blue lines represent the percentage change in NAST truckload rate per
mile billed to our customers and cost per mile paid to our contract carriers, excluding fuel costs over the
current decade.

During the quarter, both spot market and contractual pricing declined versus year-ago levels. Price per
mile billed to our customers declined 11%, while cost per mile paid to our contract carriers, net of fuel,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

declined 7.5%. The rate of cost decline moderated on a year-over-year basis versus the third quarter,
resulting in net revenue margin compression in the fourth quarter. We do accept that managing cyclicality,
price variations and margin compression in the marketplace is a big part of the 3PL value proposition,
particularly with our committed relationships.

Since 2010, the average price and cost, net of fuel, have each increased approximately 3% annually. So
with all the ups and downs, truckload pricing has been more inflationary than the broader U.S. economy.
Our fourth quarter results reflect a shift to contractual volume that is typical for us in a declining price and
cost environment, resulting in an approximate mix of 70% contractual and 30% transactional volume in
the quarter versus a 65%/35% mix in the year-ago period.

As we've stated before, 1 of the metrics we use to measure market conditions is the truckload routing
guide depth of tender from our managed services business, which represents just over $4 billion in freight
under management. Average routing guide depth of tender was 1.2 for the fourth consecutive quarter,
representing that, on average, the first carrier in a shipper's routing guide was executing the shipment
in most cases. This route guide depth remains near the lowest levels we've experienced this decade, and
contractual routing guides continue to operate with first tender acceptance rates in the high 90% range.
Our pricing continues to reflect current market conditions as we work to ensure we're near the top of the
route guide headed into 2020.

Turning to Slide 10 in our North American Surface Transportation business. Fourth quarter NAST net
revenues decreased 23.2%, driven primarily by the decline in truckload. Our fourth quarter combined
truckload and LTL volumes outpaced year-over-year changes in the Cass Freight Index for the fourth
consecutive quarter. Truckload net revenues decreased 29.6% in the quarter, driven by margin
compression.

As I mentioned earlier, our pricing to customers resulted in lower margins when compared to last year's
fourth quarter. These were not, however, the lowest truckload margins we've seen, but the 29% decline in
truckload net revenue per shipment in the quarter is the highest year-over-year decline we've seen in the
past decade. We anticipate facing net revenue per load headwinds throughout the first half of 2020, given
the historically high comparables in 2019.

Fourth quarter NAST truckload volume was approximately flat versus last year. Our fourth quarter
truckload contractual volume increased at mid-single-digit pace. Through evaluating our performance on
annual truckload bids, where pricing was completed in the fourth quarter, our win rates nearly doubled
when compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. This solid performance in contractual volumes was offset
by a double-digit decline in spot market volumes, reflecting the continued softness in the transactional
portion of the freight market.

During the quarter, we added roughly 3,800 new truckload carriers to our network, which represents
a 21% decrease over last year's fourth quarter and a 14% decline sequentially compared to the third
quarter of this year. We see this as a clear sign that carriers continue to exit the marketplace.

LTL net revenues decreased 3.4%, driven by margin compression. LTL volumes increased 4.5% in the
fourth quarter, led by growth in new customers. In our intermodal service line, net revenues decreased
3.1% for the quarter.

Slide 11 outlines our NAST operating income performance. Fourth quarter operating income decreased
43.3%, while operating margin of 33.4% decreased 1,180 basis points, driven by the net revenue decline,
partially offset by reduced variable compensation expense in the quarter. NAST average headcount
decreased 3.3% for the quarter, and NAST ending headcount is down 5% year-over-year for the full year.

Slide 12 highlights our Global Forwarding performance. Fourth quarter Global Forwarding net revenues
were down 9.6%. Our acquisition of The Space Cargo Group contributed 3 percentage points of net
revenue growth in the fourth quarter. In our ocean service line, net revenues were down 10.6% in the
quarter, driven by lower pricing. Space Cargo contributed 2 percentage points of net revenue growth.
Ocean volumes were down 1.5% in the quarter, and fourth quarter air net revenues decreased 12.8%,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

driven by a 7.5% decline in shipments and lower pricing. Space Cargo contributed 6 percentage points of
net revenue growth.

Fourth quarter results in both ocean and air were negatively impacted by reduced industry demand due
to tariff uncertainty in our highest volume trade lanes from China to the U.S. 2019 Q4 growth rates were
also negatively impacted by comparisons to the year-ago period that included shipments to build inventory
ahead of tariffs enacted in the first quarter of 2019.

Customs net revenue decreased 3.5% in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by lower pricing and a 1%
decrease in customs transactions. Space Cargo contributed 1 percentage point to the net revenue growth
in the quarter.

Slide 13 outlines our Global Forwarding operating income performance. Fourth quarter operating income
decreased 49.5%. Operating margin of 11.7% decreased 920 basis points versus last year, driven
primarily by lower net revenues and higher SG&A expenses, which was partially offset by lower variable
compensation. Average headcount increased 3.4% for the quarter. Excluding the headcount impact of
Space Cargo, our Global Forwarding headcount was flat for the quarter. Over time, we expect to deliver
operating margin expansion through the combination of volume growth that exceeds our headcount
growth and investments in technology to drive efficiency.

Moving to our All Other and Corporate segment on Slide 14. As a reminder, All Other includes Robinson
Fresh, Managed Services and Surface Transportation outside of North America as well as other
miscellaneous revenues and unallocated corporate expenses.

Fourth quarter Robinson Fresh net revenues were down 15.2% versus last year, primarily due to changes
in business mix and lower restaurant traffic at several key food service customers. Case volumes declined
6% in the quarter. Robinson Fresh did generate 630 basis points of operating margin expansion in the
quarter, driven by a decline in personnel and service center-related expenses.

Fourth quarter managed services net revenues increased 5.2%, driven by a combination of new customer
wins and selling additional services to existing customers. Managed services operating margin expanded
110 basis points on the quarter.

Other Surface Transportation net revenues declined 0.6% in the quarter, driven by truckload margin
compression in Europe, partially offset by an 11% increase in European truckload volume. The acquisition
of Dema Service added about 9 percentage points of net revenue growth for the quarter.

On Slide 15, I'm going to wrap up our prepared remarks with a few comments on our go-forward
expectations. With the cost of purchase transportation and truckload still below year-ago levels and
continued softness in spot market freight opportunities, North American routing guides are resetting at
lower prices versus last year, and this is a trend that we expect to continue.

On a sequential basis, fourth quarter truckload pricing and costs were relatively unchanged, and we expect
pricing to remain relatively flat sequentially over the next couple of quarters. In our truckload business,
we continue to expect net revenue dollars per shipment to remain below year-ago levels through the first
half of 2020. And in Global Forwarding, concerns regarding tariffs and fears of recession continued to
impact shipper demand.

As I said in my opening remarks, our fourth quarter results are below our long-term targets. With
that said, I am confident that we're taking steps to ensure that we continue to meet the needs of our
customers, our carriers and our employees, while we generate strong returns for our shareholders over
the long-term horizon.

We've reset our pricing to be more competitive with current marketplace conditions, which is driving
market share gains in our truckload and LTL service lines. We're leveraging our increased investments in
technology to drive increased employee productivity and in order to bring innovation to our customers and
to our carriers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

The level of automated truckload carrier bookings doubled and automated customer orders increased by
5 percentage points versus the first quarter of 2019. We are rapidly increasing the occurrence of fully
automated bookings in our largest service line.

With the continued focus on lowering our cost to serve and our cost to sell, we do expect to deliver $100
million in operating expense reduction across the enterprise over the next 3 years. These initiatives will
leverage our technology investments to further optimize our network and business operations, while, at
the same time, continuing to expand the benefits and the services that we provide to our customers and
our carriers.

And with nearly 10 million shares still outstanding on our share repurchase authorization, we will continue
to opportunistically repurchase shares to create value for our shareholders. Regardless of the freight
environment, we believe that executing over 18 million shipments a year and having visibility to roughly
$100 billion in annual freight spend give C.H. Robinson an information advantage that creates better
outcomes for the nearly 200,000 companies that conduct business on our global platform and provides
more rewarding career opportunities for our employees. We remain firmly committed to leveraging our
technology that's built by and for supply chain experts to deliver smarter solutions for our customers and
our carriers.

We are also firmly committed to the focus areas for our investors, including generating market share
gains across all of our services, leveraging our technology investments to reduce our cost to sell and cost
to serve, while continuing to deliver industry-leading levels of service and delivering operating margin
expansion over time.

Finally, I continue to be very proud of our team, and I want to thank them for their efforts that ensure the
continued success of our company.
That concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator so that we can
answer the submitted questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

Mr. Houghton, the floor is yours for the Q&A session.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to
submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session, I will frame a question
and then turn it over to Bob or Mike for a response.

Our first question for Bob comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Ravi Shanker with Morgan
Stanley asked a similar question. While potentially coincidental, the timing of C.H. Robinson's recent
material revenue declines have occurred as technology-focused brokerage platforms from both industry
participants and new entrants have increased investments and doubled down on share gaining strategy.
Should long-term C.H. Robinson shareholders be concerned by the apparently rapid changing competitive
landscape in truck brokerage markets?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

Thanks, Bob. So what we experienced in fourth quarter was really unprecedented in terms of year-over-
year declines in truckload net revenue per load, which really isn't that surprising given the changes that
we've seen in the overall market pricing dynamics that occurred in the past couple of years.

As we look back, starting in the fourth quarter of 2017 through the fourth quarter of 2018, we saw price
increases in the market at really unprecedented levels. And then we saw this pivot in the market and then
prices dropped faster than we've ever seen in the past decade. And really all this volatility in the market
pricing dynamics has driven a lot of volatility in profit per load, which we're clearly in the middle of right
now.

Our fourth quarter net revenue per load was at the highest that we've seen in over a decade. And that
comparison alone makes this quarter's results look really stark in comparison. So with that as a backdrop,
I do want to come back to the direct question on the impact of competition and profitability. So in order
to really peel this back, I think it makes sense to boil things down to what is really the lowest absolute
common denominator. And in the case of our truckload business, it's easy to look at this in terms of the
net revenue that we earn on a per mile basis, and then look at that compared to points in the past where
the market conditions may be fairly similar.

So as an example, in the 16 quarters, from the beginning of 2010 through 2013, the market was largely
considered balanced. The routing guide metrics that we always report on showed an average about 1.4
on depth of tender. I'd also call attention to 2016 and 2017. Again, relatively balanced markets, with the
exception of the uptick at the end of Q4 of '17, when the market started to heat up a little bit. Routing
guides at that time ranged between 1.3 to 1.6, again, relatively balanced markets.

If you look at the average net revenue per mile that C.H. Robinson earned during those 24 quarters of
similar market conditions, it is nearly the same net revenue per mile that we earned in the fourth quarter
of 2019.

So we know that the competitive landscape was very different in 2010, in 2013 and in 2016 than it is
today in terms of both the companies that are involved and the increased focus on technology. And it's
clear that supply chains have continued to shift and evolve. But really, when you boil it all down to that
number of how many cents does C.H. Robinson earned for the value that we create in similar markets, it
lands on virtually the same number.

Robert Houghton

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question is from Jeff Kauffman with Loop Capital. Dave Vernon from Bernstein and Tom Wadewitz
with UBS asked a similar question.

Mike, the crux of the fourth quarter miss was related to unusually large SG&A spend. Can you please
break out how much of the spend increase was related to technology investment, how much to other
items, unusual or not? And what this level of SG&A spend should be in 2020?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, sure. As you know, core to our strategy is our commitment to technology investments of $1 billion
over the next 5 years. Of the $24 million increase in SG&A versus Q4 last year, approximately 1/3 of that
increase was related to external technology investments, and we expect to continue to spend that in the
near term.

There were also purchased services related to accelerating our growth and cost savings initiatives over
the next 3 years that will help us bring speed and quality to the implementation of those initiatives. And
as I mentioned, we also had approximately $10 million of SG&A expense in the quarter that we would not
expect to be ongoing expense.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question for Bob comes from Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird. Bruce Chan from Stifel asked a
similar question. Noting the language of management's expectations for margin improvement over time,
do you view the announced $100 million cost reduction initiative as incremental to your efforts to deliver
NAST operating leverage? Or more as an offset to the magnitude of the pressure facing the truckload
brokerage industry at the moment? Also, is that a net number relative to the 2019 run rate?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

So as Mike said, most of the $100 million target is an output of the work that has been ongoing within
NAST. But each of the business units across the enterprise and the shared services have goals and
targets around achieving this $100 million in cost reduction as part of our transformation. For NAST, this
isn't as much of a new initiative as it is really cementing some of the early stage targets around that
transformation of the business through both the digitalization of internal processes and driving greater
efficiency to our workforce and to interact with our trading partners. And you saw some examples of
this come to life of it in the fourth quarter. But we do anticipate that the impact will continue to grow
throughout 2020, and we do intend to achieve portions of this $100 million in savings this year.

For the enterprise, we don't intend to amend or adjust our long-term growth targets that have been
previously shared based upon the announcement of this initiative.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question is for Bob, and it's from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan. Has it become more
challenging to grow market share in a down freight market compared to prior cycles? And what has
structurally changed? Will the level of margin compression in January persist in the first half of 2020?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

So as you know, our truckload volume was down about 1.5% on a year-over-year basis for the full year
of 2019, and we didn't finish the fourth quarter at a flat growth rate. While we were expecting to grow
volume over the course of the past year, we did find it challenging to do so. We feel good about the fact
that we outperformed the broader Cass Freight Volume index in each of those quarters, however. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

structurally, I think that the biggest change in 2019 was really due to the rapid changes in the markets
that preceded 2019.

And if I put myself in the seat of our shipper customers, they went from managing failing routing guides
at increased costs throughout the end of 2017 through most of 2018, where routing guide depth of tender
was averaging 2 or more.

And then they encountered a rapidly declining cost environment where routing guides were operating
almost flawlessly with high 90% acceptance rates at lower costs than they'd experienced the year before.
So there really wasn't a lot of motivations for shippers to diverge from their plans in 2019. And given that
the spot market was really minimal, it was difficult to take share throughout the course of the year if you
missed on the initial contractual bids.

Now that we're deeper into the 2020 annual bid season, we feel really good about the award levels that
we're receiving from our contractual customers. And I think our initial volume growth in January is a good
start to the year, and it's our -- it's a testament to our ability to effectively grow volume and take share.

In terms of the margin compression, we know that we've got comparables in the first half of the year that
are higher than our current run rate of net revenue per load and are above our historical averages. So we
anticipate a headwind as we head through the first half of the year, but it will ease as the year progresses.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question is from several analysts. Mike, please discuss the cadence of the 3-year $100 million
cost reduction initiative. How much of this will be realized in 2020? And please provide some context as to
what line items you would expect the cost savings to show up in.

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

With our enterprise focus on growth and cost savings over the next 3 years, we have dedicated resources
going after a variety of specific projects focused on growth, improving customer experience and gaining
efficiency on the business. The cost savings portion is $100 million of reduction by the end of 2022. The
majority of that benefit will come to NAST and be realized through projects designed to enhance efficiency,
including targeted automation. We'd expect about 1/3 of that $100 million benefit to be realized in 2020.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Ken Hoexter with Bank of America asked a
similar question.

Bob, the 18% decline in net revenue per day in January, relative to 6% volume growth, seems to indicate
a significant reduction in pricing power in the core brokerage business. Is this the case? And what can be
done to reverse a material decline in net revenue?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

I don't really think that the net revenue per day are more accurately, net revenue per load indicates really
anything relative to pricing power. I mean, our net revenue on a per load basis is really a derivative of
how we sell and what we're able to capture in the marketplace from our customers and how we purchase
transportation.

As we have said, we serve a really highly fragmented and a highly cyclical market. And while we're the
largest in the industry, we still only touch less than 3% of the overall "For Hire" marketplace.

I look across the landscape and see 250,000 motor carriers and over 1 million trucks on the road, over
15,000 brokers and literally millions of shippers in the addressable market, no 1 party has the power to
control the market pricing dynamics.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

If we look at the cost side of things and we compare our cost of purchase transportation and where that
falls related to some of the benchmarks that we look, we index really consistently over time. And as I
said, our net revenue on a per mile basis is consistent with the past points in time with similar market
conditions.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question for Bob is from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please contrast the level
of technology investments expected in 2020 versus 2019 and how they may impact NAST operating
efficiency and headcount.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

Technology investments in 2020 are really going to be at similar levels as to what we saw in 2019 for the
enterprise without any real meaningful adjustments up or down by business unit. I think the -- one of
the positive things that I would say is that since we'd launched this increased investment in technology,
I would expect that the value creation from those dollars begins to accelerate. So while the investment
dollars may be the same on a year-on-year basis, the output of that investment should continue to
increase and compound as we go through 2020 and beyond, as we continue to release new features and
functionality that bring new capabilities to life, both internally and for our customers and our carriers.

The benefits of these technology improvements and investments, coupled with the work that's happening
around the network to really reengineer workflows and continue to transform the actual footprint of the
network, will add additional capacity and productivity to our team within NAST and will allow our people to
be more productive.

I think that my messaging around this topic has been pretty consistent over the past couple of years. And
I still think that the most obvious proof point is the further decoupling of headcount and volume, and we
anticipate delivering really meaningful results against this over the course of 2020.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question is from Jack Atkins with Stephens for Mike. Given the strength of your balance sheet
and cash flows, could you look to get more aggressive with your capital allocation strategy in 2020? Would
you look to increase your 90% of net income targeted for shareholder returns going forward?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

We're always looking to deploy our capital in ways that maximize shareholder value through investments
with high risk-adjusted returns. That's the case for acquisitions or investments in our business, which is
our technology investments. The Prime acquisition is a great example. As I mentioned in the prepared
remarks, we do not expect the Prime acquisition to have a meaningful impact on share repurchases, which
is to say that the $225 million purchase price will effectively increase our net debt. We'll also continue to
reward shareholders through buybacks and dividends. In the fourth quarter, we returned 138% of net
income to shareholders and 104% for the full year in 2019.

As we indicated, with nearly 10 million shares still outstanding on our share repurchase authorization, we
have the capacity to continue to opportunistically repurchase shares to enhance shareholder value.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Our next question is for Bob from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan. Did competition significantly affect
margins and volumes and trucking during the quarter and in January? If so, was it widespread or lane or
customer specific?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

Okay. So let's break that into the 2 pieces of margin and volume. In terms of margins, I would
characterize the impacts to our margins in the fourth quarter to be almost entirely cyclical.

Relative to volumes in the quarter, and frankly, for the full year, there's no doubt that in some of our
customer accounts, we saw volume declines on a year-over-year basis from '18 to '19. And it was clear
that in some of those cases, there were competitors that aggressively priced business, below where we
felt the actual contractual markets existed. We look at this based on our understanding of the cost of
purchase transportation across the overall market.

In terms of January, specifically, I think the fact that our volumes are up 6% so far in the quarter
is related to the fact that, as I've said before, in this industry, contracts reset annually across most
customers. Networks change for shippers. Networks change for carriers. And as we've seen, pricing
dynamics certainly shift as well on a year-over-year basis. And it's really for this reason that we don't
believe in the idea of chasing freight, right? We don't believe in chasing freight to the bottom of the
market as inevitably, prices reset annually. And the award levels change and freight is distributed to those
providers that give the best and most comprehensive service, those that provide highest quality and those
that have the pricing that reflects the marketplace.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question is for Bob and comes from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. Please discuss your view on
normalized net operating margins for NAST.

The 33.4% in the quarter was the lowest since you have reclassified your segment. While not looking for
guidance, what do you view as normalized margin range for this segment? And over what time frame is
realistic to think about achieving normalized margins?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

So our fourth quarter results is, as I said, in NAST, do not reflect our performance expectations going
forward. And they're clearly on the low end of the historical benchmarks. We're committed to our
investments in technology though. I mean, in these challenging periods in the freight cycle, certainly, in
the case of the fourth quarter, technology investments had a negative impact on our operating margins,
which drove them towards the lower end of our historical averages.

We believe in these continued investments in tech and the purchase services that we're leveraging in order
to accelerate our growth and cost savings. We believe that these investments are going to set us for a
much more successful long-term that bring those operating margins up over time as we move through the
year and into 2021. So as we move through the year, we expect operating margins are going to improve.
We'll take it from there.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Our next question is from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Bob, please discuss competitive pricing
dynamics in the market? And are the new entrants placing undue pressure on prices they roll out
geographically?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

Thanks, Jordan. Again, we serve this incredibly fragmented market, and it's really difficult to give a clean
answer on this one, but I'll do my best, based on the information that I have on some of the examples
that I'll try to cite. As an example, when we go into an annual truckload bid for a large shipper, as we did
-- as we do many times throughout the year; it's where we get visibility to about $100 billion in freight on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

an annual basis, we might go into this bid, competing with 60, 70, 80, maybe more carriers and 3PLs that
are invited to participate in the bid. We approach every one of these contractual bids with the customers'
needs in mind, first and foremost, and not necessarily what we think the competition's pricing strategy is
going to be.

We take these bids and these opportunities to serve these customers, and we examine the characteristics
of the customers' freight. We look at the service expectations that they have. We understand the
seasonality of their demand. We look at the industries that they serve as well as our freight densities in
and out of the markets that the customers served, along with several other variables. From there, we
apply our data, we apply our process, our knowledge of the customer and the industry that they serve,
along with our forecast on where we think the market and these lanes are going to move in terms of
pricing. We then align that against our capacity plan for the customer as well as expected profitability
over the life of the contract. And from there, we boil that out -- all down, and we put a service and a price
proposal in front of the customer and submit that to them.

We go through that process again and again and again throughout the course of the year, and given all of
the variables that are in play, all of the participants that are in each one of these pricing events, it's really
difficult to see any 1 party emerging in the supply chain that's changing pricing dynamics.

As I said, we see close to $1 billion or $100 billion of truckload freight every year. And even with all that
data and the insight that we garner from that, there just isn't any real correlation that can be drawn to a
broad-based disruption to pricing in our industry.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Todd Fowler with Keybank asked about our acquisition of Prime Distribution Services, Scott Group with
Wolfe Research and Fadi Chamoun with Bank of Montreal asked a similar question.

Mike, please discuss the strategic rationale behind Prime Distribution. Is there any revenue overlap? What
is the historical growth rate for this business? And what do you expect it to grow at in 2020?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks. Consolidation has been a successful value-added service within our LTL business at Robinson for
more than a decade. We currently have a network of over 2.9 million square feet of warehousing across
U.S. to service our consolidation business.

Strategically, this business is important as many of our customers value our ability to provide consolidation
and related services. Upon closing the Prime acquisition, we will add scale by adding 2.6 million square
feet to our network of consolidation warehouses. We'll also benefit from fulfillment and distribution
services as well as lane density within our truckload and LTL business.

To be clear, our non-asset-based business model is not changing. We're also not entering into the contract
logistics business. We believe the combination of our consolidation business with Prime and solid growth
potential, our businesses are complementary and we're excited about the opportunity to make each other
better as we move forward together.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs asked about truckload capacity. Bob, are you seeing any changes to
truck capacity now? In other words, is there are any initial signs of tighter markets?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

Beyond the publicly available data that we all are looking at, we watch our rate of new carrier sign-ups,
which, as we said, trended down meaningfully both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis. Related to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

market tightness, the second half of January, the late part of January around the holidays -- or I'm sorry,
the late part of December and early January, did represent some tighter markets than we've seen in a
few quarters. But as we've gone through January, we've really seen the market settle as the month has
progressed.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question is for Bob, and it comes from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. Jason Seidl with Cowen and
Company and Jack Atkins with Stephens asked a similar question.

What are your expectations for NAST headcount in 2020? Have you reached a point where headcount can
decline while volumes increased for a sustainable period?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

We've made a lot of progress in our NAST business in terms of reengineering and rethinking about how
that business operates moving forward. And because of that, we do feel that we can grow volume in a
meaningful way without needing to add additional headcount.

Our focus is less on driving headcount declines as it is about widening that productivity gap between
the change in headcount and the change in volume as we continue to layer in additional digitalized and
automated processes for our customers, carriers and our employees.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Our next question for Bob is from Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird. Tom Wadewitz with UBS and Allison
Landry with Crédit Suisse asked a similar question.

Please discuss any expectations for contract truckload pricing growth during 2020's bid season? Is flat
year-over-year growth on an aggregate basis realistic? Or does the magnitude of pressure in Q4 of 2019,
speak to the likelihood of declines in contractual rates during the first half of 2020?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

If you look at the chart that we've provided in the earnings deck and the investor deck over the past few
years of really tracking the change in rate and cost over the past several years, you do see that inflection,
where it starts to trend up over the past -- or declined less over the past couple of quarters, so fourth
quarter wasn't the bottom of the cycle. I think we certainly must be close to that. Obviously, different
customers are going to experience market differently in 2020 in terms of either increases or decreases to
their freight spend, depending on the characteristics of the customer, the behavior of the customer and
where their pricing was set in 2019.

But in a very general statement, we think that the contractual market in 2020 will be somewhat flattish to
up a couple of points by the time the year fully plays out.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question is for Mike from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan asked
a similar question. You indicated that personnel expenses decreased in the quarter due to declines in
incentive compensation. To what degree were lower incentive compensation expense is a tailwind in the
fourth quarter? And what is your expectation for incentive compensation accruals in 2020 versus 2019?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Yes. Reduced incentive compensation from bonus, to equity to commissions drove the $40 million year-
over-year reduction in personnel expense in Q4. For incentive compensation, each quarter, we do a year-
to-date true-up of our estimated incentive expense.

Given the decline in performance in Q4, a much greater reduction to the incentive compensation expense
was needed in Q4 to arrive at the proper expense for the full year performance in 2019. Given the
extent of that incentive compensation reduction in Q4, our annual personnel expense for 2019 is a better
indicator of our annual personnel expense expectations for 2020 than simply using the Q4 run rate.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question for Bob comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. What is C.H. Robinson's
strategy for winning new business with smaller shipping customers?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

So infrequent shippers and small businesses are a huge part of our focus as they make up, really, a
majority of our customer count. I think we've said it obviously before, but our top 500 customers make
up about half of our revenue, our top 2,000 customers make up about 80%. But we've got this long tail
of small businesses and infrequent shippers that make up the majority of our customer count. So that's
really one of the reasons why we made the Freightquote acquisition initially in 2015, and then relaunched
the Freightquote by C.H. Robinson new product earlier last year to serve these small businesses directly.

As we work on building and launching that process. We spend a lot of time in the field with small
businesses, trying to really understand what was at the core of what they needed. And what we found was
that for many of these customers, what they really need and want is a super intuitive and simple platform
that allows them to move multiple modes of transportation with a -- really with a click of a button and a
swipe of a credit card. And so we delivered that to them in the Freightquote by C.H. Robinson platform.

What we also learned, though, is that for other companies, even though their businesses may be small,
their needs were fairly complex. They needed more comprehensive services, global services or consulting
support so we've got an account management team built to serve these small businesses with more
complex needs.

For other small businesses, we heard that what they -- maybe they were a bit more advanced in their
own carrier management relationships and what they needed was a low-cost, yet highly functional TMS
system. So in those cases, we've got our freight viewed TMS product that we're able to implement for
those businesses.

So I can keep going for a while here, talking about how we serve small businesses in creative and
innovative ways, but the punchline, I think, is really that, just like with our larger customers, we leverage
our data advantage, our expertise and our technology to deliver solutions that are really tailored to the
needs of these small businesses. And we meet them how and where they want to interact with us versus
forcing them to a single option for a platform.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question is for Bob from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. Please discuss Robinson incubator, Labs.
What role do you see this playing in your organization? What, if any, is the financial impact?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

So first off, Robinson Labs is another example of where our increased technology investment is really
intersecting with our customers and creating value in new ways. While we formally launched this last
week, we've been in the building stage here for a couple of years, and we're really excited about the
output of this team.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Robinson Labs, in its essence is an innovation incubator, where the next big ideas in logistics and supply
chain are created, tested and scaled to drive smarter solutions for Robinson's customers and carriers.

Through Robinson Labs, our logistics experts, our innovation teams, our data scientists are all able to
collaborate with customers and carriers to create really personalized solutions for shippers challenges.
From there, the Robinson Labs team is able to work hand-in-hand with our enterprise technology team,
which consists, as we've talked about, of more than 1,000 data scientists and engineers and developers
and take those solutions once proven and scale them across the Robinson network in Navisphere, which
benefits our entire platform and all of our connected customers and carriers.

In terms of financial impact, we're in the early stages today. But I can say that with certainty, I think
it gave a lot of our customers that have been part of the Robinson Labs sandbox. And they've shared
with me directly that they find this experience to be a differentiator for us in the market, and that it
will ultimately help lead us to earning more business from these customers as we continue to focus on
customer-led innovation.

Several of the projects that have originated in Robinson Labs since its founding have already been scaled
across many of our enterprise customers and our enterprise systems.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

The next question is for Mike from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. The decline in income from operations in the
All Other and Corporate segment accelerated in the quarter and for the year. Are there any unusual costs
in the quarter? And how should we think about that line into 2020? Is it going to incur a greater loss to
support technology initiatives?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks for the question, Todd. The Q4 loss of $8.8 million in income from operations from the All Other
and Corporate results segment, was driven by increased expense associated with commercial off-the-
shelf software, which included projects to improve our performance in HR, sales and accounting as well as
additional IT headcount.

We have a practice of carrying expense associated with the installation of commercial off-the-shelf
software in our All Other and Corporate segment in the first year. In Q4 and the full year 2019, this
expense more than offset the profitability of the businesses in that segment -- or the business segments
in there in that line item, and it caused an overall loss.

In 2020, these software expenses will be allocated out to the businesses, and as a result, in 2020, we
expect income from operations in the All Other and Corporate results segment to be positive again for the
year.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Our next question for Bob comes from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan. Headcount declined while
truckload volume was flat in NAST. However, net revenue per head still declined sequentially. How will you
evaluate if the significant levels of investment are improving productivity and generating the expected
return on investment? Will you share additional KPIs to provide more transparency in the future?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

Thanks, Brian. So I'd attribute the sequential decline in net revenue per head almost entirely to the
sequential decline in net revenue per truckload. That sequential margin compression from Q3 to Q4
negatively impacted sequential revenue by over $30 million. It's meaningful. And we have several metrics
that we're tracking internally today to evaluate the impact of investment against productivity and return.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Many of these metrics are volume and activity based and [ tied to ] automation around particular parts of
the business or steps and processes, which ultimately will drive productivity gains across the network.

Again, I'd go back and I'd say, I think that the relationship between headcount and volume is a really good
marker for progress here as many of the other measures that we're looking at, at a lower grain all ladder
up to that measure. The achievement of the cost savings target that we identified of over $100 million
that we talked about earlier, is also a part of the total return on this investment.

So to your question on, do we intend to be more transparent, share more KPIs? The answer to that is
yes. And as the year progresses, we do intend to peel back of it and show a few more KPIs related to that
transformation.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Our next question from Mike comes from Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company. Any other opportunistic
acquisitions on the horizon?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jason. As has been our history, we continue to see M&A as a lever to help us expand our
geographic presence, add or improve services, build scale and enhance our technology platform. We
prefer strong businesses with compelling strategic benefits, good cultural fit and a proven non-asset based
business models.

Specific to your question on opportunistic acquisitions on the horizon, we maintain a solid pipeline of
opportunities, and we'll remain disciplined around value creation and strategic fit.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Our next question for Bob comes from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. What impact, if any, are you
assuming the regulatory environment in trucking has on capacity in 2020? Has there been any appreciable
change in capacity with the drug and alcohol database coming online and the final phase of the ELD
mandate?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

We've not yet seen any meaningful impacts to capacity that we could directly tie to the drug and alcohol
clearinghouse coming online or the final phase of the ELD mandate. Given all the other variables impacting
the balance of supply and demand, we're not forecasting a meaningful change in capacity in 2020 tied
directly to regulations.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Our final question is from Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company. Bob, we have heard that the new
entrants, while still more aggressive than the legacy brokers, are starting to be less aggressive. Are you
seeing this too?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO & Director

Anything I would share here would be second-hand information. So I'm not going to necessarily comment
about what we hear, about other companies and their pricing strategies. I'd reinforce that for the fourth
quarter, our win rates on our truckload contract bids doubled when compared to fourth quarter of last year.
So we see that as a really positive sign.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

When I reflect on where our team is focused, they're hyper-focused on running our business. They're
focused on building great technology, providing unmatched services to our customers, helping our motor
carriers run more profitable and successful businesses and providing great careers for our people, while
ultimately staying focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders.

Robert Houghton
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of today's call will be available in the
Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time
today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached by phone or e-mail.

Thank you again for participating in our fourth quarter 2019 conference call. Have a good day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and
have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

