C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:CHRW
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 27, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.34

1.44

Revenue  (mm)

4923.68

5532.73

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-27-2021 9:51 PM GMT

7.46

12.37

1.28

5.13

5.15

4796.31

19155.21

18893.12

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.98

0.98

0.99

1.34

1.00

1.08

1.28

1.44

2.04 %

10.20 %

29.29 %

7.46 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

ANALYSTS

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

David Michael Zazula
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Jack Lawrence Atkins
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jizong Chan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2021
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, July
27, 2021.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Stacy, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our
President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike
will provide a summary of our 2021 second quarter results, and then we will open up the call for live
questions.

Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the
Investors section of our website at investor.chrabinson.com. However, our prepared comments are not
intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on any of the slides, we will first let
you know which slide we're referencing. I'd also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain
forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation list factors that could cause our actual results
to differ from management's expectations.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. During the second
quarter, we delivered record financial results by staying focused on serving the needs of our customers
and keeping their global supply chains moving in a capacity-constrained environment. We're pleased that
we returned to truckload volume growth. We delivered record volume in less than truckload, ocean and air,
and we believe that our tech plus strategy that combines industry-leading technology with great logistics
experts and great processes is the right strategy. As part of our global suite of services, our largest
services delivered both year-over-year and sequential growth in total volumes, revenue and adjusted
gross profit or AGP, which resulted in quarterly highs for Robinson in total volumes, revenues, AGP and
operating income.

Excluding the fourth quarter of 2012, when we sold our T-Chek business, our earnings per share was also
a record high. I'll talk about how we achieve these results as I walk through my prepared comments on
our second quarter results. In our largest service of NAST truckload, we grew our adjusted gross profit
by $34 million or 14% year-over-year. This came through a 6% increase in volume and a 7% increase in
adjusted gross profit per load. This included an increase in spot market volume of nearly 30% year-over-
year, due in part to an 85% increase in quotes and a 160% increase in volume that was driven through
our proprietary real-time dynamic pricing engine. 40% of our spot or transactional business was priced
via integrations with our dynamic pricing engine in the second quarter, delivering real-time pricing with
capacity assurance from the largest network of truckload capacity in North America.

While our business in the spot market increased significantly, our volume in the contractual business
declined approximately 10% during the quarter as we continue to reshape our portfolio and pursue
profitable volume growth. This included a balance of 2 things: First, honoring our contractual
commitments with strategic customers, which is still resulting in a higher-than-normal percentage of
loads with negative adjusted gross profit margins due to ongoing increases in the cost of purchased
transportation. And second, managing acceptance rates in order to limit negative loads and to manage
our business for profitability. We closed the quarter with an approximate mix of 55% contractual volume

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

and 45% transactional volume versus a 65-35 mix in the year ago period, and this was consistent with
our mix in the first quarter of this year. Our average truck haul line haul cost per mile paid to carriers,
excluding fuel surcharges, increased 47.5% compared to the second quarter of last year. Our average line
haul rates billed to our customers, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 42% year-over-year. This resulted
in the highest cost and price per mile on record and a 12% year-over-year increase in our NAST truckload
adjusted gross profit per mile. This combined with a 4.5% decrease in average length of haul resulted in a
7% increase in adjusted gross profit per truckload. We continue to reprice our contractual business in the
second quarter, including some underperforming contractual positions. The bid process continues to be a
dynamic one. And 40% of our awarded contracts in the second quarter were for terms between 3 and 6
months. Having said this, greater than 2/3 of our bid volume awarded to us in second quarter was still on
12-month contracts.

During the quarter, we saw routing guide depth of tender in our managed services business declined
slightly from 1.8% in March to 1.6% in June. However, the average in second quarter 1.7% was
unchanged from the market conditions in the first quarter. In the second quarter, we welcomed an
additional 6,900 carriers to our network, which represented an 88% increase over the carriers added in
the second quarter of last year. Leveraging the scale and the information advantage that comes from
the size of our carrier network is just one of the ways that we help customers navigate this capacity-
constrained marketplace.

Given the current structural constraints around the expansion of truckload supply, coupled with the
continued reopening of the economy as well as other factors, we do expect the current market conditions
will persist through 2021. And as I said last quarter, we expect to grow our truckload volume during
the remaining quarters of this year. In our second largest service line of ocean forwarding, we grew
our adjusted gross profit by $72 million or 92% year-over-year. This came through a 29% increase
in shipments and a 49% increase in adjusted gross profit per shipment. Strong demand continues
to outpace supply with container and equipment shortages and other market disruptions continuing
to constrain capacity. Our team has done a great job of strengthening our carrier relationships and
procuring incremental capacity to better serve our customers. The forwarding team continues to add new
commercial relationships with strategic multinational customers that are leading to increased award sizes,
while also ensuring our existing customers have access to the capacity that they need to meet their needs.

Our customers and our results are benefiting from the investments we've made in digitization, data
and analytics as well as our global network that is supporting our expanded geographical and vertical
expertise. We believe that these strategies and competitive advantages will enable us to create more value
for customers and, in turn, win more business and sustain the market share gains that we've achieved.
There continues to be a robust pipeline of new business from both new and existing customers. And as we
move towards the peak holiday shipping season and into next year, we do expect that ocean demand will
remain strong into early 2022.

As part of our growth strategy, NAST's less than truckload, or LTL business, which is our third largest
service, continued its strong momentum by growing adjusted gross profit by $23 million or 22% year-
over-year. This came through a 23% increase in volume and a slight decline in adjusted gross profit per
order. We're seeing balanced growth across our LTL modes and across customer segments. Through our
strategic focus on the LTL market, we built a $3 billion LTL business through a blend of organic growth,
digital investments and strategic acquisitions such as Freightquote and Prime Distribution, which has
made us the largest and most comprehensive provider of retail consolidation services in the industry. This
portfolio expansion has capitalized on e-commerce growth and combined a full suite of LTL technology
and services, including common carrier, warehousing and retail consolidation, temperature control, parcel,
home delivery and reverse logistics. Our value proposition, which includes highly automated systems
that are easily scaled for high-volume growth continues to resonate with shippers of all sizes and across
industry verticals. This includes small businesses that utilize our Freightquote by C.H. Robinson platform,
as well as large enterprise shippers that look to us as a strategic partner to manage and optimize their LTL
freight networks.

In total, NAST overall second quarter volume grew approximately 16% year-over-year compared to
a 30% increase in industry volume as measured by the Cass Freight Index, due to a large pandemic-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

related decline in the index in second quarter of last year that we did not experience at the same level.
While our growth for the quarter did not exceed the industry benchmark over a 1-year time frame, we've
outperformed the index for the 2, 3, 4 and 5-year time frames.

Finally, our fourth largest service. International Airfreight delivered strong results again behind a 43%
increase in metric tons shipped. Adjusted gross profit was up 1% over second quarter of last year when
we delivered 104% adjusted gross profit growth. Demand has been incredibly strong, partially driven by
conversions of some ocean freight to air and a recovery of demand in Europe. Air freight capacity has
continued to be strained and we continue to position charter flight capacity to support demand from both
new and existing customers. Our Global Forwarding customers that utilize our air, ocean and customs and
project logistics services continue to value working with and relying on Robinson's local experts in offices
around the world that can deliver a full suite of global logistics services and customized solutions. We've
built sustainable competitive advantages in our Global Forwarding business that will continue to deliver
solid returns for our shareholders and benefits for our customers in the quarters and the years ahead.
Because of the efforts of our Robinson team members across the globe and our advanced technology, our
total company adjusted gross profit per business day improved by 5% sequentially in second quarter, 22%
year-over-year and 8% over the prepandemic quarter of second quarter of 2019.

Bolstering our results were continued benefits of our digital investments, which continue to unlock
productivity gains and deliver customer value in new and exciting ways. Our 3 primary areas of
investment in digitization are focused on creating value for customers, value for carriers and driving
productivity improvement for our teams, which in turn drives improvements to both our top and bottom
line results.

Looking at the impacts of digitization through the lens of the customer and carrier adoption, the number of
daily and monthly average users across our customer and carrier-facing platforms continues to grow. With
27% year-over-year growth in daily average users of our customer platforms as just one example.

As I mentioned earlier, the amount of customer quotes and volume that is being delivered through our
real-time dynamic pricing tools has grown significantly, enabling these digital connections improves
efficiency for our customers, improves our response time for quote requests and improves our win rates.
We also continue to add digital connections with our customers at an accelerated pace during the quarter,
with over 100 new customers connected via TMS and ERP connections in the second quarter of 2021. Our
customers now have access to real-time pricing via our Navisphere customer web portal, direct through
their TMS or ERP integrations as well as via Freightquote by C.H. Robinson. In total, we've enabled these
dynamic pricing capabilities for over 87,000 customers across these points of connection.

On the carrier side, we continue to deliver new capabilities and benefits to our carriers through our web
and mobile versions of Navisphere Carrier and Navisphere Driver. During the quarter, we had over 290,000
fully automated bookings in our NAST truckload business. And finally, as it relates to productivity, we've
again highlighted a couple of key metrics for NAST on Page 5 of our earnings presentation. We continue
to show year-over-year improvement in productivity, as indicated by the 1,670 point favorable spread in
our NAST productivity index, which represents the difference between our year-over-year change in NAST
volume and the change in full-time equivalents in NAST.

Another key metric that we review is shipments per person per day, and this metric was up 17% in second
quarter compared to the same quarter last year. Both of these charts show very clearly the relationship
between the timing of our increased digital investments and the impact to these key operational metrics.
We're encouraged with the progress that we're making in our digital and technology journey and the
impact that these investments are delivering for our customers, for our carriers and the impacts to our
overall results.

Leading the industry with the most powerful supply chain technology and data platform has been a top
strategic priority for Robinson and part of our competitive advantage in the marketplace. We've increased
our investments and strengthened our technology and innovation capabilities with our customers' needs
and experience in mind. We constantly listen to the voice of our customers and are focused on continually
enhancing our customer and carrier experience. We've got bold ambitions to continue to evolve as a
platform company, giving our employees, customers and carriers, the products and the information

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

needed to succeed. Our customers rely on us to be an extension of their team, able to provide a global
suite of services, create market-leading solutions that work and drive smarter solutions through our
information advantage.

As we continue to create differentiated value for the nearly 200,000 carriers and customers of Robinson,
I'm excited to have Arun Rajan join our executive team as Chief Product Officer at September 1, reporting
directly to me. Arun will lead our global product strategy and his organization will sit at the intersection
of our business strategy and technology platforms to provide a consistent, industry-leading customer
experience and to drive our global digital capabilities across our suite of products. Arun is a seasoned
and inspiring leader who brings nearly 3 decades of product and technology experience developing and
deploying products that enrich the customer experience and create value at industry-leading companies
such as Whole Foods, Zappos and Travelocity. Arun's deep product and leadership experience will be
invaluable as we drive the next generation of innovation for our industry while creating sustainable long-
term value for our customers, our carriers and our shareholders.

I'll now turn the call to Mike to review the specifics of our second quarter financial performance.

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we delivered solid quarterly financial
results across a variety of top line and bottom line metrics in Q2, driven by a strong performance in a
favorable market as we continue to leverage our technology plus strategy. In Q2, we established quarterly
total company records in volume, total revenue, adjusted gross profit and operating income. Our total
company AGP was up 22% compared to Q2 of 2020, driven by strong performance from ocean, truckload,
LTL and air. On a sequential basis, each of our business segments delivered AGP growth compared to Q1.
On a monthly basis compared to 2020, our total company AGP per business day was up 21% in April,
up 12% in May and up 35% in June. With the cost per mile and price per mile in our truckload business
reaching all-time highs in Q2, our AGP margin percentage declined. This is simply a function of a larger
denominator in the AGP margin equation. To illustrate that, let me share some facts about our Q2 AGP per
mile versus our AGP margin percentage.

Our Q2 truckload AGP per mile was approximately 3% higher than our 10-year average, while our AGP
margin percentage was more than 350 basis points below our 10-year average. As truckload pricing is
predominantly determined by dollars per load as opposed to percentage markup, having an all-time high
price results in a compressed margin percentage.

We continue to be focused on growing our overall AGP dollars by optimizing volume growth and AGP per
shipment across our service offerings. With our customer focus and digital investments continuing to drive
growth and efficiency into our model, we have solid strategies to generate sustainable long-term growth.

Turning now to expenses. Q2 personnel expenses were $362.9 million, up 20.8% compared to Q2 of
last year due to higher incentive compensation costs and the impact of short-term pandemic-related
cost reductions in Q2 last year. Our Q2 average headcount increased 0.7% compared to Q2 of last
year, and our average full-time equivalents were up 3.1%. Headcount was added primarily to deliver
on our long-term growth expectations, particularly in our Global Forwarding business. In addition, the
June 3 acquisition of Combinex Holdings B.V. in our European Surface Transportation business added
approximately 100 new employees to Robinson. Given our increase in headcount and higher incentive
compensation associated with our 2021 profit expectations, we now expect our 2021 personnel expenses
to be $1.42 billion to $1.48 billion, which is up from our prior guidance of $1.4 billion.

Q2 SG&A expenses of $125.7 million were up 0.4% compared to Q2 of 2020. We continue to expect 2021
total SG&A expenses to be approximately $0.5 billion, which includes travel expenses building in the back
half of the year. 2021 SG&A is expected to include approximately $90 million to $95 million of depreciation
and amortization. This is up from our prior guidance of $85 million to $90 million, but down from the $102
million in 2020, primarily due to the completion of amortization related to a prior acquisition.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Second quarter interest and other expense totaled $13.5 million, up approximately $3.3 million versus
Q2 last year due to the impact of currency revaluation. Q2 results included a $1.9 million loss due to
unfavorable currency valuation compared to a $1.8 million gain on FX in Q2 last year. I'm pleased to
report that we've completed the work that delivers the $100 million per year of long-term cost savings
that we committed to 1.5 years ago. Our annualized run rate savings surpassed $100 million in Q1 of
this year. Going forward, we will continue our efforts to drive efficiency into our business model, primarily
through process redesign and automation across the enterprise.

Our Q2 income from operations was an all-time quarterly high at $260.6 million, and our adjusted
operating margin of 34.8% was up 410 basis points compared to Q2 last year. Q2 net income was $193.8
million, up 34.6% compared to Q2 last year, and diluted earnings per share finished at $1.44, which was
up 35.8% year-over-year.

Turning to cash flow. Our Q2 cash flow from operations was approximately $149 million, a decrease of
$298 million compared to Q2 last year driven primarily by the outsized improvement in working capital
in Q2 last year. Sequentially, Q2 operating working capital increased by $81.8 million or 5.6% versus Q1
compared to a sequential increase of 6.7% in AGP. Over the long term, we expect our working capital to
continue to grow at a rate slower than our AGP.

Capital expenditures were $16.3 million in Q2, up from $10.3 million in Q2 last year, primarily driven
by increased investments in hardware and software. Year-to-date through Q2, our capital expenditures
were $30 million, and we continued to expect 2021 capital expenditures to finish in the range of $55
million to $65 million. We returned approximately $205 million of cash to shareholders in Q2 through a
combination of $135 million of share repurchases and $70 million of dividends. That level of cash returned
to shareholders represents a 199% increase versus Q2 last year when we were not repurchasing shares
out of an abundance of caution due to the pandemic.

During Q2 this year, we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares at an average price of $97.47 per
share. And at the end of Q2, we had approximately 5 million shares of remaining capacity on our 15
million share repurchase authorization from May of 2018.

Our cash balance at the end of Q2 was $173 million, down $189 million compared to Q2 of 2020. We
intend to carry only the cash needed to fund operations and to efficiently repatriate excess cash from
foreign entities. We ended Q2 with $902 million of liquidity comprised of $729 million of committed
funding under our credit facility, which matures in October of 2023 and our Q2 cash balance. Our debt
balance at quarter end was $1.37 billion, up $274 million versus Q2 last year, driven primarily by share
repurchases and increased working capital. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q2 was 1.2x,
down sequentially from 1.3x at the end of Q1. From an M&A standpoint, the deal flow in the market
remains robust, and we expect to see more industry consolidation through the end of 2021.

While we don't comment on specific companies or transactions, we do see the potential for Robinson to
play a role. We continue to be focused on value creation with our capital allocation and remain disciplined
in that regard. We continue to prioritize companies that can expand our geographic presence, particularly
in Global Forwarding, at or improve our service offerings, offer compelling cross-selling opportunities, help
us build scale to leverage our flywheel or to enhance our digitization efforts to deliver growth, quality of
service or efficiencies. A strong fit with the Robinson culture is also important in our M&A efforts.

Overall, we're making excellent progress against our strategic initiatives to drive growth and efficiency into
our model. That said, we have tremendous opportunities for growth and efficiency ahead of us as we still
represent just a small percentage of the overall addressable market in global logistics landscape. From a
capital allocation standpoint, we continue to be committed to disciplined capital stewardship, maintaining
an investment-grade credit rating and generating sustainable long-term growth to our shareholders.

Thank you for listening this afternoon, and I'll turn the call back over to Bob now for his final comments.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Thanks, Mike. Our record quarterly volumes, revenues, adjusted gross profits and operating income
demonstrated the strength of our non asset-based business model that includes a diverse portfolio of
services. As I said earlier, we have bold ambitions to continue to evolve as a platform company, and we're
committed to creating better outcomes for our customers and carriers by delivering industry-leading
technology that's built by and for supply chain experts and by leveraging our unmatched combination
of experience, scale, technology and information advantage. We'll stay the course with our strategy of
pursuing market share gains that align with our profitability expectations. And we'll continue to invest
back into the business in order to drive innovation, improve service to our customers and carriers and
drive growth across our global suite of modes and services.

I believe that the team at Robinson is the most capable team of supply chain experts in the world, and
I'm incredibly proud of how our team have helped thousands of customers navigate globally disrupted
supply chains while delivering strong results for our shareholders. As we continue to create differentiated
value for the nearly 200,000 carriers and customers of Robinson, I'm thrilled to have Arun Rajan joined
the Robinson team to drive our next generation of innovation. I'm also excited by a return to office that
our U.S. employees began this month coming back to a more flexible and hybrid work model. And we
look forward to seeing more of our people around the world return to the office as appropriate, guided by
local health guidelines. And I'd like to thank the Robinson team members around the world for learning to
work and collaborate in new ways, for rapidly advancing our digital capabilities, for creating a more open
and inclusive environment and for ensuring the health and safety of our people across the globe while
continuing to help us emerge stronger. This concludes our prepared comments.
And with that, I'll turn it back to Stacy for the live Q&A portion of the call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was wondering if you could talk a little bit further about your thoughts on the truckload markets.
Obviously, I know you focused more on net revenue dollars, but maybe some of your big picture thoughts
on the selling price trends versus the purchase transport. And do we start seeing some tightening of that?
Or anyway, just your thoughts on those 2 aspects of net revenue facts. Hello?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Can you hear me, Jordan?

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes, I hear you.

[Technical Difficulty]

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Sorry. It sounds like we had technical difficulty there. Feel 2020 year on mute, I guess. As we think about
the market as we see it right now, we continue to see the spot market pulling the contractual market
up in truckload. I mean, obviously, these numbers on a year-on-year basis in the 40% range are clearly
outsized because of the depression that we had in the freight markets in the second quarter of last year.
But we do expect to continue to see pricing increasing through the balance of the year. Sequentially,
we're continuing to see continued pressure there. To your point, we do manage the business really to
net revenue dollars on a per truckload basis. We're staying really focused right now, Jordan, on growing
our overall AGP or net revenue dollars by really optimizing that balance between volume growth and AGP
per shipment. We've been working hard to avoid contracts that can contribute more loads with negative
margins. And I think as I said in the last quarter's call, we entered the bid cycle late in 2020 and early
into '21, facing sustained AGP per truckload that was well below the range of acceptable profitability for
us. And so we really had to take a couple of steps in addressing negative files, avoiding those contracts
that instituted a lot of risk around negatives and then focusing on that balance between both spot and
contractual. So we had a belief early in this year about where we thought the contract truckload market
was going to move. And at this point, we appear that, that view was fairly accurate that did cause us to
miss some opportunities early in the year. But those are really coming back to us now, either in shorter-
term contractual agreements or more true spot market.

Operator

Your next question, Jack Atkins with Stephens.

Jack Lawrence Atkins
Stephens Inc., Research Division

So I guess, Bob, just when we kind of take a step back and think about the investments that you all have
been making in technology to drive productivity through your business over the course of the last several
years. And I know it goes back further than that, but specifically over the last several years, it certainly
feels like we're at a tipping point here. And I'm just curious if you could maybe talk about when you think
we're going to start seeing sort of that acceleration in productivity that's going to drive the clear market

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

share gains that the market can sort of view to really get a gauge on the level of top line growth and
incremental profitability that can come from all these investments. I guess we're just trying to get a feel
for when we're going to hit the tipping point and really see those market share gains accelerate if that
question makes sense.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes, it makes sense, Jack. And I think we're a couple of years into this increased investment. And
obviously, technology spend and investment in digitization has been ongoing for us. As I look at the
operational results and the financial results, I believe that we're seeing some of those things today. We're
certainly creating value in new ways for both customers and carriers, some of the NAST productivity
information that we provide in the deck certainly speaks to the productivity uplift that we've gotten within
that, whether it be shipments per person per day or that NPI, the NAST productivity index. I believe
that we've spent the last several quarters really building capabilities and different digital capabilities and
different digital products. And today, we're really pushing for broad adoption of that. I mean I've talked
in my prepared comments around the ability to leverage our proprietary pricing engine that's driven by
algorithms and models against our customers. I mean today, virtually almost every single customer of
Robinson's can now access that pricing engine, either through the web portal, whether through freight
quote or direct to their TMS or ERP, the fully automated bookings, the digital freight matching that's
occurring on the carrier side, well over 290,000 fully automated truckload bookings. That's not only a
big productivity lift for us, but it's also a new way for us to attract and engage with carriers in a different
way that may prefer that method of booking. So again, I go back to we're not at the finish line of either
introducing new capabilities or getting those out into the wild, but I do think we're starting to see some
really early stage results and impacts into the business. Just in the spot market alone with roughly 30%
volume growth that we had this quarter. A lot of that was driven through those digital pricing engines and
connections. So I think we're in a good place, Jack. Again, as I said in the prepared remarks, adding Arun
Rajan, a really strong product leader with a lot of experience, a true digital native platform companies. I
look at that as a really strategic move for us to help accelerate and to help us be even better there.

Operator

Your next question is Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So I appreciate, Mike, the commentary on the impact that the higher rate per mile has on the reported
gross profit percentage here in the quarter. But how should we think about the widening of the spread
that we saw between buy and sell rates during the quarter. I think it's a little bit unusual to kind of see
that gap start to widen again maybe at this point in the cycle. So how do we think about how gross profit
should trend into the back half of the year based on that dynamic?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Todd. That's a great question. And for Robinson, price always follows cost. And that's
particularly exaggerated in our contract business. And so with respect to our AGP margins, the margins
are best at Robinson when the cost of purchase transportation is coming down. And so when you look at
our business now, it's still going up. It's been going up here for quite some time and it's reached an all-
time high. We think that there's going to be tightness in this market that may sustain through the end
of the year potentially, but at some point, if the costs start coming back to 5-year averages or 10-year
averages, that's when those margins start widening for Robinson, and that's when you start comparing us
back to what happened in Q3 of '18 or Q4 of '18 when the pricing start -- when the cost started coming
down, that's the widening of the margin.

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Got it. That makes a ton of sense. So if we're looking at Slide 9, we need to think about that line coming
down versus going up.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes.

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

That's right.

Operator

Your next question, Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So Bob, some of your legacy broker peers, not digitalized -- legacy guys, are talking about 8% to 10%
gross margins being the new normal for the foreseeable future and talking about trying to scale up with
that level. Do you see it the same way? And kind of how do you think about the current kind of 12%, 13%
level over time, maybe even detachment cycle a little bit.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I don't subscribe to the 8% average adjusted gross profit margins over time. What I would tell you,
and again, I'm going to flip, Ravi, back to adjusted gross for actual just net revenue or AGP dollars per
load. And I would tell you, in the second quarter, our net revenue per load is basically right at the midpoint
of our 5- and 10-year trailing averages, right? Now clearly, back half of '18, front half of '19, we saw
outsized margins when costs started to drop against our contract business. We've got a whole bunch of
customers that are at those 8% to 10% margins today, and they're highly profitable relationships for
us because they're highly digitized, highly connected, highly automated on both the front end with the
customer and the back end with the carrier. So I really think that, that 8% to 10% margin range that you
talk about is so dependent upon mix, right? Because if I can have a highly efficient customer relationship
that's integrated via API on the customer side and integrated with carriers in the backside, you can run
that business profitably all day long at mid-single digit, high single-digit margins. But if you've got a lot of
labor, a lot of work that needs to go into carrier procurement, a lot of issues with shipping and receiving,
that's not 8% to 10% business in my imagination. I think there's so many variables that go into that,
it's not going to be. Now clearly, we're taking steps to digitize both in the front end and the back end,
front end with the customer, back end with the carrier that drive greater efficiency and allow us to think
differently about that. But ultimately, what as we think about our operating expenses and our cost to
serve, we are sitting here running a whole bunch of what-if scenarios of what if it's 8%, what if it's 10%,
what if it stays at 15%, but we want to ensure that we've got the right operating model that we can
survive and thrive regardless of what happens because a lot of that is outside of our control as witnessed
this quarter just by the rapid run-up in cost and sales.

Operator

Your next question, Tom Wadewitz with UBS.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes. I wanted to get your thoughts on maybe, the market seems to be changing. I guess I look at it a
little bit with the 2018 framework but this cycle seems meaningfully different. So I'm just wondering if
the way you manage NAST and the mix of business, do you want to target that differently in the future?
It seems like the contract business has been a struggle over the last couple of years. So does it make

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

sense to consider instead of trying to be a 65%, 70% contract, and I know you were less than that in
the quarter. Does it make sense to potentially target more of a 50-50 mix? Or just wanted to offer that
as a question, given it seems the market's changed. And then I guess if you'll allow me a second one in
terms of what 2 for 1. But in the forwarding, I don't think you get a lot of credit for the strong results in
forwarding because I think people don't believe that it's going to persist. Do you have any thoughts on
the sustainability of that strong results in forwarding maybe, I don't know if you look at 2022 or just out a
couple of quarters?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Sure. That was technically 2, Tom, but we'll just -- we'll dock you 1 next quarter, but we'll take them
both because they're great questions. On the contract side, on the truckload piece, clearly, we're working
to shape that portfolio today, right? And that -- we shape that portfolio based on how we go to market,
how we respond pricing to those bids. As I said in my prepared comments, I think it's 40% of our awards
during the quarter were for the shorter term, 3 and 6 -months agreements. We're doing a lot of things
with customers today where we're not in a spot or contract per se, but kind of in that in-between space
where we're keeping that customer out of the spot, it's slightly beneficial to us. It derisks things for the
customer. It derisks things for us as well. So we're getting pretty creative around pricing because to
your point, the volatility that has existed in the market from '17 to today is unprecedented certainly. But
moving to a true 50-50, I think disadvantages us because really 85% of truckload freight in a typical
market is moving under contract terms. And so we really want access to that. We think that we're really
good at serving customers in that contractual arrangement we can look and feel like a large asset and
aggregate all of the independent owner operators under a single technology umbrella and bring to life the
capacity there that most customers wouldn't -- they're not built to access on their own. So I don't know
that we'll ever get to 50-50 on a sustained level, but we do consistently work to shape the kind of the
makeup of the contract versus spot.

On the forwarding side, I think it was at this point last year that everyone was kind of saying there's no
way that Robinson is going to comp 104% growth in airfreight in the future. This must be transitory. And
we just did. And so we don't see anything fundamentally changing in the air and ocean markets between
now and Chinese New Year at a minimum. What I would just really reinforce is there's so much work
that Mike Short and his leadership team in forwarding have done over the course of the last couple of
years. We've challenged our own internal beliefs of how we can scale that business of what the returns
can be in that business. And with modest, I would call modest headcount increases in the business over
the course of the last couple of years, we've increased volumes significantly and certainly increased the
revenue significantly. So there's been a lot of commercial activity that's occurred. We've added a lot of
new logos to that business. We're a better forwarder today, I believe, than we were 2 years ago based
on the scale that we've created. And that market does just continue to be so dislocated that shippers
that were typically BCOs that weren't working with NBOs are now bringing NVOs into the mix to manage
through that. So I'm not a prognosticator of exactly what the size of that business is 24 months from now
or 36 months from now. But I really believe that there's a lot of sustainability of the results that we're
delivering and forwarding both on -- because of the cycle and also the work that's been done there and
the investments around technology and investments in talent on a global basis.

Operator

Your next question, Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Bob, maybe another one on the contract. Could you just expand on your previous answer a bit. Do you
think that behaviorally things have changed enough to kind of keep this hybrid mix of shorter-term
contracts, something that's more out of the market? Like is it just something you're going to look to adapt
to and offer more in the future? Or is this just kind of the sign to the market and you just kind of roll with
what's given to you. So just wanted to see how you're addressing that and if customers are giving any

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

indication that they'd be moving more so in that direction and what that might mean for your mix going
forward.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

No, I think it's a mix, Brian, in terms of how we're going to market and different pricing options that we're
putting in front of customers and also a realization by shippers that there's a ton of work that goes into an
annual bid and a lot of cost associated with that. And between 2017 and today, there have just been too
many instances where 30 days after implementation, routing guides are failing, acceptance levels are low
or the inverse of that, like happened in '18 and to '19, you end up disadvantaged as a shipper and you're
paying rates well over the market. And so I do think that there's going to continue to be an adjustment
and a derisking on both sides because it's -- with the volatility that's been there, it's unrealistic for a
shipper to think that they're going to hand over a 12-month contract at a price when you've got this much
volatility and transfer that risk. And likewise, a carrier is simply not going to take that amount of risk on
when the markets are moving as quickly as they are. So I do think that we're finding different ways to
approach pricing and to get pretty creative to find solutions that are winning in the market for large blocks
of freight that are helping to ship -- helping shippers to deal with the volatility.

Operator

Your next question, Chris Wetherbee with Citi.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I wanted to kind of come back to the comment that you made before about sort of the direction of
margins and sort of the level that we're at now. And obviously, the absolute dollars of rate has an impact
on where those percentages kind of shake out. So looking at gross profit per load, certainly makes sense.
I guess, though, I want to understand sort of the ability for the direction to change in the back half of
the year. So we've been sort of stuck between 12% and 13%, understandably so. But as you start to see
the potential for rates level off potentially in the back half of the year, the sort of shorter-term purchase
to pricing, the better contract versus spot mix, it would seem that you'd be able to see some sequential
improvement in margins. I want to make sure I'm understanding the comments you made before where
you were saying that you don't expect necessarily to see that until you see rates down on a year-over-
year basis? Or is there some other factors that kind of play into your thoughts around NAST margins in the
back half of the year?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So I made mention earlier, Chris, and let me know if this hits on your question, if not we can pivot.
I made comments that we've been in this process of repricing. We've been focused on taking negative
loads out. I will tell you, we are still at an elevated level around negative loads in our contract business.
On a quarterly basis, if you look 2012 to today, we normally average, I don't know, $20 million roughly of
negative files on a quarterly basis. We're at about $60 million this quarter. So there is a $40 million delta
between what normal looks like in second quarter of this year, just in our contractual business. And so
that is the opportunity that we continue to pursue. You start taking that over the course of the year and
start to get some big numbers pretty quickly. So we continue to work on that opportunity to pursue the
way to improve the profitability in that contractual business. That, I would tell you is probably the biggest
difference. If you can take that down to operating margin, you can take that down to net revenue margin,
but that's probably the biggest difference between the front end of '18 and today, is just the existence of
the spot market margins are roughly the same, but the contractual margins are far lower right now than
they were then just because of the existence of those negative loads. So we got to keep chipping away at
that.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

That's very helpful. That does help me with the answer. So presumably that's a sort of quarter-by-quarter
type of progression that should move you in the right direction, assuming rates don't take a further step
spike up, I would guess, right? So I just want to make sure I understand sort of the duration we're talking
about here.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes, you're absolutely right. You're also taking the time, Wadewitz, 2 questions instead of 1. But Chris,
you're absolutely right in the fact that if you assume that the market is going to, at some point, reach
some sort of equilibrium at a higher price point, that's really when you can start to mine those negative
loads out. Certainly, we're taking steps along the way. But if you're constantly chasing a rising cost of
hire through the course of the contract, it gets harder to take those out. If you reach some stasis or
equilibrium, even if that's year-over-year 30% increases or whatever, then you can really start to plan to
take that out and improve profitability.

Operator

Your next question comes from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

You talked about the long-term stickiness of some of what you've done in forwarding. But looking at the
ocean business specifically, it looks like it's risen double digits in net revenue sequentially for 5 straight
quarters here. Can you talk a little bit about the momentum in that improvement? And if it's continuing,
I don't know if you can give us that trend by month or some thoughts on how the early third quarter is
going. But just trying to get a sense for where that's headed in the short term to think about where it can
go long term.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes, you are right. On the ocean AGP has increased each of the last 5 quarters and trying to look and see,
sorry, I got ocean in front of me here. and volume as well. So I would say it's overused, but the flywheel I
believe, continues to feed that business, right? And so we're continuing to bring on new logos, continuing
to build new logos that are larger shippers. And so our award sizes are like 3.5x today what they were 5
years ago. And so as we continue to build more trade lane density, as we continue to be able to do more
consolidations, we really see that just continues to grow exponentially over time.

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

And in the short term, is that momentum still continuing month after month? Just any thoughts on the
sequential trend within the quarter would be helpful.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean in general, what I would say about July, Bascome, is that July for us really looks a lot like
June, right, in terms of adjusted gross profit per day and really the performance of each of the underlying
services, they really carry forward pretty cleanly from June to July.

Operator

Your next question, Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

So I just -- I was hoping you could maybe talk in a little more detail about hiring Arun Rajan as the Chief
Product Officer. It seems like a pretty strategic hire, obviously, an impressive resume. But what are the
key initiatives or product offerings that we should expect him to focus on? I'd imagine there's a tech
aspect to it. But also, should we maybe read this as a signal that you're potentially looking at entering
other markets, whether organically or through M&A, and if so, might that include something that is
somewhat more asset-intensive than your current business?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Sure. So hiring Arun is really part of our long-term commitment to bring our customers and our carriers
the best products for their businesses, right, supported by a global network of experts and the people
that they can rely on. Those are the things they tell us that matter. And in the context of that, when I talk
about products, I'm really talking about customer and carrier-facing technology, right, the extension of the
Navisphere platform and how that intersects with our customers and our carriers. Arun has got extremely
deep product knowledge and his leadership experience is going to be invaluable for us as we drive really
that next generation of innovation here at Robinson and throughout the industry. The Chief Product Officer
position is one that I've been considering for quite some time and have been looking for the right talent to
add to our team. But it was really critical that I found the right person because I really see this as a fairly
transformational step for our organization. And Arun and me getting to know him over the course of this
process, I really found to be quite a transformational leader. He's got this long history of developing and
deploying products that really enrich customer experience and create value at industry-leading digital-first
platform companies. So in his role here at Robinson, he will lead all of our global product development and
innovation across the entire Navisphere platform and how that intersects with again, our customers and
carriers.

In terms of it being a signal to adjacencies or looking at M&A in other areas, I certainly wouldn't read
through it in that respect. So it's really about creating the product organization and organizing ourselves
effectively around those products as we were in the market.

Operator

Your next question, Scott Group with Wolfe Research.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

So any thoughts on sequential net revenue in the third quarter. Sometimes it's up, sometimes it's down.
And then longer term, maybe just some thoughts on the net operating margins for NAST and forwarding.
Forwarding has never been higher than NAST towards the low end of the range. Where do you think these
margins can go over time? .

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So Q3 net revenue, again, July looks a lot like June and that's kind of as far as I would -- as deep
as I go. I mean on a net revenue per business day, the numbers are pretty similar. The growth rates
are probably a little bit higher in July than they were in June, just given the comparisons. So let's
talk about the operating margin. As I was thinking we might get this question, I was trying to think
about. We often get the question of how does it compare to previous times in the cycle. And so just as
a point of comparison, second quarter of 2018 and second quarter of this year. And if you go back in
time, at that time, for the second quarter of '18, NAST was at like 41%, Forwarding was at 20.7%, and
overall, we were at 32.6%. Today, NAST is at 34.6%, forwarding at 45.3% and we're at 34.8%. So our
operating margin as an enterprise today is actually better today than it was in what I would consider
kind of a similar time in the cycle. In terms of where we can go, I still believe that upper 30s and 40 is
an opportunity for NAST. We're certainly engineering our cost structure to be able to get there. And the
biggest factor there is net revenue dollars per truckload, right? That's what moves -- that's what is going
to be the biggest mover of that. But we're certainly doing a lot of things in the cost structure to try to
get back to close to 40% operating margins in NAST. We said for a long time that our goal is to move
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

the forwarding business to 30% operating margins. And now all of a sudden, we've shown ourselves that
we can do 45%, right? And so I'd say we'll still guide towards that 30% range for forwarding, but the
sustainability of our current margins, we'll continue to look at and could reserve the right to revisit the
kind of the guidance, if you will, for that forwarding business. But if we can keep the enterprise in that
mid-30s range, we think that, that is consistent with past quarters and certainly very feasible for us.

Operator

Your next question, David Zazula with Barclays.

David Michael Zazula
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I noticed you had mentioned Truckload, I believe is truckload linked to haul down 4.5%. I was just
wondering how that is trending sequentially whether you think the trend is really just due to kind of
pandemic comps or there's some sort of change in either business mix or mix of freight within your
current customer base...

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

That's really been an ongoing macro trend over the course of the past several years as e-commerce
becomes more prevalent as inventory gets placed closer to consumers that we've continued to see that
trend down over the past several years.

Operator

Next question, Bruce Chan with Stifel.

Jizong Chan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

congrats to you, Arun. This is probably a similar question to what some of the others have been getting
to, but if I could just maybe be a little blunt about it. I guess, I still don't understand why we still have
so much contractual business that's running under water. I mean I get that you run your business very
collaboratively with your customers and you manage for the long term and on to your contracts. But
market volatility is theoretically a good thing for brokers over the cycle. And if I look back over the
previous cycle, it just doesn't seem like we've really seen that. So you've got a market that's really tight.
The cycle is probably longer than a normal one. You're providing a ton of value to your customer. Are
things just that competitive right now that you can't move faster here? Or is there something else that's
going on?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Well, Bruce, we just delivered a quarter with record revenues, record volumes across the suite of our
entire services. And in the spot market, grew our truckload volume by over 30%, which is really in line
with what I've seen a lot of other companies that are more focused on the spot market, brokerage have
delivered very similar results. Our focus on the contractual business, as I said earlier, I think the 85% of
the freight that moves in the contracts is a market that we want to be in. We want to participate in that
through cycles. Why is it that we're still having a high degree of negative loads in that business. look,
we forecasted where we thought this year was going to go, but we didn't expect 42% increase, 47%
increase in carrier costs of higher in the second quarter. And so we've got to deliver results for multiple
stakeholders, our shareholders, certainly but our customers are what ultimately create the value for our
shareholders. And so I'm a firm believer that we need to do our best to manage our commitments to
those relationships through cycles because it pays dividends in the long term. When I look at our top 500
customers that make up close to 50% of our revenue and see the retention rates that we have with those
customers of 99% to 100% in any given year, I think that's a testament as to why we take the positions
we do with those customers because we try to take the long-term view.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Operator

Next question, [indiscernible] with Bank of America.

Unknown Analyst

Bob, so I wanted to get your thoughts on 1 of your large start-up competitors, digital competitors has
announced that they're requiring transplant and kind of enhancing their offerings in LTL. So I wanted to
get your thoughts there, but I wanted to kind of contextualize it in thinking about C.H. Robinson for a long
time has said that your competitive advantage or your moat is kind of your scale and the ability that you
have to provide kind of comprehensive solutions and really tight freight markets. So maybe you could
talk about kind of thoughts on thoughts on the kind of competitive landscape and also maybe how C.H.
Robinson has been able to differentiate itself kind of given the real tightness in capacity that we've seen
over the last couple of months.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes, absolutely. I won't comment on competitors' strategies or their moves. But I certainly will speak to
our competitive advantages. And those things that you cited, I still believe to be to be the case, right?
We are highly focused on ensuring our customers are successful navigating challenging freight markets.
We continue to have the largest network of carriers in North America, which were now more and more
often digitizing those relationships with those carriers, which allow us to move faster. We signed up 6,900
new carriers in the quarter last quarter. Those are all new carriers that we can bring to life to help serve
our customers. As I go back to the last question that was asked, our word matters to our customers, our
commitment to our customers' matters. We continue to differentiate on that customer promise. So the
blend between technology plus having a global suite of services, our ability to go into a customer and
offer them a leading global forwarding product, a leading surface transportation product. The -- what is
-- I believe our LTL business would be equivalent to the fifth or sixth largest asset-based LTL carrier, and
we don't own a truck or a warehouse. I mean that's a $3 billion business. We are the largest non-asset-
based LTL provider by multiples of the next closest competitor. And so those things of scale of service
excellence of commitment of technology and investment. Those are continuing to resonate with customers
and continue to help us to win in the marketplace. And I believe that to be true today, and I believe that,
that will be true in the future.

Unknown Analyst

But does that manifest itself in the form of kind of better margins or kind of better growth rates over time?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes, I believe that it does. And again, I believe that if you want to talk about operating margins, I believe
that we have a path to 40% operating margins in that, something in excess of 30% in Forwarding, 35%
operating -- mid-30s operating margins for the business. And we are investing back in the business. We
are investing in building capabilities -- We're investing in building better technology that our customers
will use and love. We're building technology that our carriers will use in love, and we're hiring really great
people across the globe with great experience to bring these services to life.

Operator

Thank you. I would like to turn the floor over to Chuck for closing remarks.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations
That concludes today's earnings call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to
talking to you again. Have a good evening.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

