Campbell Soup Company NYSE:CPB
FQ4 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, September 01, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2021-

-FQ1 2022-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.47

0.55

17.02

0.88

2.91

2.98

2.41

2.84

1810.29

1873.00

3.46

2248.50

8410.30

8476.00

0.78

8359.13

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-30-2021 10:16 PM GMT

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.91

0.84

0.66

0.47

1.02

0.85

0.57

0.55

12.09 %

1.19 %

(13.64 %)

17.02 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Judy, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to the Campbell Soup Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.

With that, I would like to hand the conference over to your host, Ms. Rebecca Gardy. Ms. Gardy, you may
begin your conference.

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2021 earnings conference
call. I am Rebecca Gardy, Head of Investor Relations at Campbell Soup Company. Joining me today are
Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mick Beekhuizen, Campbell's Chief
Financial Officer.

Today's remarks have been prerecorded. Once we conclude the prepared remarks, we will transition to
a live webcast Q&A session. The slide deck and today's earnings press release have been posted to the
Investor Relations section on our website, campbellsoupcompany.com. Following the conclusion of the Q&A
session, a replay of the webcast will be available at the same location followed by a transcript of the call
within 24 hours.

On our call today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These
statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please
refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially
from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have
provided a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the
appendix of this presentation.

On Slide 4, you will see today's agenda. Mark will share his overall thoughts on our fourth quarter and full
year performance, as well as in-market performance by division. Nick will discuss the financial results of
the quarter and the year in more detail, and then provide our guidance for the full year fiscal 2022.

And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. In fiscal 2021, the pandemic
continued to present challenges across North America, but I am so proud of how our teams, particularly
our frontline and supply chain teams, adapted and rallied to keep each other safe and meet the sustained
demand for our products. On behalf of the entire Campbell's leadership team, I am deeply grateful for
their dedication, and we continue to make their safety and well-being paramount as they work to meet the
needs of our customers, consumers and our communities.

As difficult and complex as this time has been, it has also been an extraordinary period for Campbell,
and we've made clear, meaningful progress advancing our strategic plan. We've evolved into a different
company, one that is stronger, more agile and with growing, more relevant brands that are better
positioned for the future.

For the full year, I'm pleased to report that Campbell's organic net sales were comparable to fiscal 2020
and grew 3% on a 2-year compounded annual growth basis, driven by both divisions reflecting strong in-
market performance. In fact, 3/4 of our portfolio grew or held market share for the year, reflecting our
continued momentum. Adjusted EBIT lagged fiscal 2020 as we lapped dramatic scale and efficiency from

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

a year ago, and navigated a much higher inflationary environment this year. However, on a 2-year CAGR,
adjusted EBIT grew 5% and adjusted EPS grew 14% as we delevered and improved our balance sheet.

Turning to Slide 7, full year organic net sales were comparable to prior year, which included a positive
fourth quarter finish to fiscal 2021 in light of last year's remarkably strong performance. If you recall,
our first half fiscal 2021 was driven by strong elevated in-market performance as we continued to
gain share and made steady progress on supply to restore the shelf. The third quarter reflected the
challenging comparisons to the prior year as we cycled the demand surge that accompanied the onset of
the COVID-19 pandemic and navigated several headwinds, including increased inflation and executional
pressures in our Snacks division.

In the fourth quarter, we delivered solid results ahead of our expectations across all 3 key metrics: net
sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS and addressed the executional pressures we experienced last
quarter. Organic net sales declined 4% as we lapped 12% growth in the prior year and delivered 4%
growth on a 2-year CAGR basis.

Our fourth quarter performance accelerated relative to third quarter driven by strong in-market results,
particularly in U.S. Soup and Goldfish and the continued recovery of our foodservice business. In Snacks,
we delivered sequential operating margin improvement of 270 basis points versus the third quarter
despite the continued industry-wide supply chain challenges.

An important barometer of the health of our brand portfolio is our in-market performance. For the full
year, 75% of our brands grew or held share versus the prior year, and the majority of our brands in our 13
core categories grew ahead of pre-COVID levels. To note, repeat rates on our brands in all core categories
are ahead on a 2-year basis.

Total company in-market consumption was minus 1% compared to fiscal 2020 on a 52-week basis.
Importantly, compared to the fiscal 2019 period, consumption grew 10%, driven equally by strength in
both our Meals & Beverages and Snacks divisions as we continue to make material advances in attracting
and retaining consumers, especially the critical millennial cohort.

Turning to our division performance on Slide 9, let me begin with Meals & Beverages. Our fourth quarter
organic net sales decline of 9% and in-market performance of minus 2% reflects cycling the partial
inventory recovery and elevated consumption levels in the prior year quarter. Compared to the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2020, we continued to grow share in Swanson broth, condensed soup, Prego ready-to-
serve soup and Pacific Foods. On a 2-year basis, we delivered strong consumption growth of 13% against
organic net sales growth of 10%, narrowing the gap as our foodservice business continued to stabilize.

On U.S. Soup, we delivered another quarter of record share growth of nearly 2 points, with gains in all
segments. This included gains from Swanson broth, condensed soup, Well Yes!, and Slow Kettle driven by
the continued recovery in our total points of distribution or TPDs. Our share of TPDs grew for the fourth
consecutive quarter this year. U.S. Soup 2-year dollar sales growth of 16% in the fourth quarter exceeded
the growth in total shelf-stable meals and was just slightly behind total edible growth in that same time
period.

Household penetration and repeat rates remain elevated compared to pre-COVID levels. Condensed Soup
increased dollar share for the tenth consecutive quarter, with the largest driver of share growth coming
from condensed eating varieties as we nearly restored the full range of offerings to the shelf.

As our ability to supply improved, we were also pleased to see household gains and ready-to-serve versus
the prior year as a result of the shelf recovery and favorable at-home consumption behaviors, particularly
for lunch occasions. Ready-to-serve end market consumption grew an impressive 21% on a 2-year basis,
led by Chunky, Slow Kettle and the successful relaunch of Well Yes!.

Pacific Foods continues to strengthen its position as the #1 organic soup brand, with the fourth quarter
marking 7 straight quarters of share gains in measured channels. We expanded distribution and have
recovered the majority of our supply while bringing in more millennials to the category than any other
soup or broth brand.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

On Swanson broth, we increased our share by 3.7 points, our highest quarter of share growth in over 3
years, driven by our investment in supply recovery. This is important as it demonstrates the strength of
the brand as we recovered lost share to lower-priced players as our supply improved.

Prego delivered its best year of dollar share gains in 4 years and maintained the #1 share position for
27 consecutive months. The brand grew in market consumption on a 2-year basis and delivered 5%
growth over the prior year. Household penetration was elevated versus fiscal 2019 in every quarter and
grew 1 point in the fourth quarter. Overall, the Meals & Beverages division delivered strong end market
performance against a difficult comparisons to the prior year and achieved share gains in key categories,
particularly with millennials.

On Slide 11, we are excited to share with you a glimpse into our Meals & Beverages innovation plans
for fiscal 2022. Our new items focus on new occasions and relevant wellness trends. Expanding on the
relaunch of our better-for-you Well Yes! brand is the launch of Well Yes! Power Bowls with 5 unique
varieties for both lunch and snack occasions. We have also expanded our successful Slow Kettle Crunch
innovation with 4 varieties of Campbell's Red & White Crunch, including our iconic Classic Tomato Soup
with Goldfish toppings.

On our Pacific Foods business, we're launching additional plant-based products, including creamy oat milk
soups and creamy plant-based protein broths. Finally, if you haven't tried the new Chunky Spicy Chicken
Noodle, it's fantastic, and brings variety to the critical at-home lunch occasion.

In addition to our relevant and consumer-driven innovation, another element of our Win in Soup strategy
is a refresh of our Campbell's Condensed Soup. We are contemporizing the brand to better match our
growing millennial consumer base while improving the product and its shopability as we continue to
support our positioning as a starting point for delicious meals.

We also have continued our journey of simplifying our ingredient lines and improving quality. It's always
tricky when looking to evolve such an iconic design and product, but our new graphics and improved
ingredient lines strike the right balance and have been met with a very positive customer and consumer
response.

Let's now turn to Snacks. This quarter was the second highest 13-week quarter of net sales for the Snacks
division since the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. Organic net sales grew 1% over the prior year quarter and
7% on a 2-year basis. In-market performance declined only 1% year-over-year but grew 11% on a 2-year
basis.

Turning to our Snacks power brands, which continue to fuel performance with in-market consumption
growth of 2% this fiscal year and 15% on a 2-year basis driven by double-digit consumption growth in
the majority of our brands. Compared to the prior year, we grew share on many of our power brands,
most notably, Cape Cod potato chips, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps, Goldfish crackers and Late July snacks.
Compared to pre-COVID levels, household penetration remains elevated and repeat rates are higher on all
power brands.

Turning to Goldfish, we delivered sustained share growth, increasing for a second quarter in a row by more
than 1 point compared to this time last year. On a 1- and 2-year basis, Goldfish delivered strong results,
including double-digit consumption growth, increased household penetration and higher repeat rates. This
solid performance on Goldfish was due in part to the successful launch of Limited Edition Goldfish Frank's
RedHot crackers.

Additionally, the reinstatement of promotions, improved performance on multi packs and an effective
marketing campaign contributed to our strong results. We are excited to continue to introduce on-trend
limited editions on Goldfish with the launch this week of Goldfish Jalapeño Popper and plans for additional
innovation later this fiscal year.

Entering the fourth quarter amid rising inflation, labor shortages and some executional pressures, we
better focused our agenda in the Snacks division, driving operational excellence and allocating additional
resources throughout the supply chain network. We are very pleased with the speed and progress we
have made to address the executional pressures we experienced in the third quarter. We head into fiscal

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

2022 with a stronger foundation and confidence we can continue our significant transformation on this
important business.

On Slide 17, we do expect a challenging environment in fiscal 2022 as COVID persists and inflation
and labor availability remain highly volatile. However, we also anticipate our effective pricing actions,
supply chain productivity programs and cost savings initiatives to be significant offsets, resulting in an
improvement in the second half of the fiscal year relative to the prior year, and exiting fiscal 2022 with
momentum as we continue to make progress on our strategic plan. Mick will provide more details on our
fiscal 2022 outlook and assumptions in a moment.

With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results in more detail.

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 19. For the fourth quarter, organic net sales,
which excludes the impact from the additional week and the impact of the sale of the Plum baby food
and snacks business declined 4% as we cycled both the elevated demand in food purchases for at-home
consumption and a partial retailer inventory recovery in the prior year. Compared to the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2019, which we view to be more meaningful given the COVID-19 impact to the prior year, organic
net sales increased 4% on a 2-year CAGR.

Adjusted EBIT decreased 13% compared to prior year to $267 million, driven by lower sales volume,
including the impact of the additional week in the prior year quarter, and lower adjusted gross margin,
partially offset by lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses and lower adjusted administrative
expenses. Our adjusted EBIT margin was 14.3% and compared to 14.6% in the prior year. Adjusted EPS
from continuing operations decreased $0.08 or 13% for this prior year to $0.55 per share, partially driven
by the estimated $0.04 contribution from the additional week in fiscal 2020.

For the full year, organic net sales, which excludes the impact from the additional week, divestitures and
the impact of currency were comparable to the prior year and grew 3% compared to fiscal 2019 on a 2-
year CAGR basis. Compared to prior year, Meals & Beverages organic net sales decreased 1%, driven by
declines in foodservice, partially offset by growth in V8 beverages. In Snacks, organic net sales were flat
as gains in our salty snacks portfolio, including Late July and Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps and in Goldfish
Crackers were offset by declines in Lance sandwich crackers and imported brands within the Snyder's-
Lance portfolio.

Full year adjusted EBIT decreased 3% versus the prior year to $1.4 billion. The decline reflected the
lower adjusted gross margin and lower sales volume, including the impact of prior year's additional week,
partially offset by lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses and higher adjusted other income. Our
marketing and selling expenses represented 9.6% of net sales compared to 10.9% last year. Full year
2021 adjusted EBIT margin was 16.6% compared to 16.7% in the prior year. Full year adjusted EPS from
continuing operations increased 1% to $2.98 per share.

On the next slide, I'll break down our net sales performance for the fourth quarter. Organic net sales
decreased 4% during the quarter, lapping an increase of 12% in the prior year quarter when the demand
for at-home consumption remained elevated and retailers partially recovered on the inventory. The organic
net sales decline was driven by a 5-point headwind due to volume declines, partially offset by favorable
price and sales allowances and lower promotional spending which each drove a 1-point gain in the quarter.

The impact of 1 less week in the quarter subtracted 7 points, and the recent sale of Plum subtracted 1
point. All in, our reported net sales declined 11% from the prior year, stronger than anticipated as in-
market demand remained elevated.

Turning to Slide 22, our fourth quarter adjusted gross margin decreased by 420 basis points from 35.6%
last year to 31.4% this year, which was generally consistent with our expectations. Mix and operating
leverage had a negative impact of approximately 70 basis points and 40 basis points, respectively, on
gross margin as we continue to transition from last year's elevated demand. Net pricing drove 100 basis

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

points improvement due to lower levels of promotional spending in the quarter, as well as favorable price
and sales allowances which do not yet reflect the price increases effective first quarter of fiscal 2022.

Inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 640 basis points, with slightly more than half of the
decline driven by cost inflation as overall input prices on a rate basis increased by approximately 5%. The
remaining impact was driven by higher other supply chain costs, largely due to last year's manufacturing
cost efficiencies related to higher production levels to service the elevated demand, as well as lower mark-
to-market gain on outstanding commodity hedges, partially offset by lower COVID-19 related costs.

Our ongoing supply chain productivity program contributed 150 basis points to gross margin, partially
offsetting these inflationary headwinds. Our cost savings program, which is incremental to our ongoing
supply chain productivity program, added 80 basis points to our gross margin.

Moving on to other operating items, adjusted marketing and selling expenses decreased $91 million
or 34% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. This decrease was driven by lower advertising and
consumer promotion expense, lower selling expenses and lower marketing overhead costs.

A&C declined 52%, reflecting our elevated, pandemic-driven level of investment in the prior year to attract
and retain new households. However, A&C was comparable to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Overall,
our adjusted marketing and selling expenses represented 9.3% of net sales during the quarter, a 330
basis point decrease compared to last year.

Adjusted administrative expenses decreased $30 million or 18%, with approximately 1/2 of the decrease
driven by the estimated impact of the additional week in the prior year quarter. The balance of the
decrease reflected lower general and administrative costs, higher charitable contributions in the prior
year and benefits associated with our cost savings initiatives, partially offset by higher IT costs. Adjusted
administrative expenses represented 7.4% of net sales during the quarter, a 60 basis point decrease
compared to last year.

Moving to the next slide, we have continued to successfully deliver against our multiyear enterprise cost
savings initiatives. This quarter, we achieved $25 million in incremental year-over-year savings, which
came in ahead of our of our expectations, resulting in full year savings of $80 million, with the majority
of the savings from the Snyder's-Lance integration. We remain on track to deliver our cumulative savings
target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022.

On Slide 25, we are providing a total company adjusted EBIT bridge to summarize the key drivers of
performance this quarter. As previously mentioned, adjusted EBIT declined by 13% as the net sales
decline, including the impact of the additional week in the prior year quarter and the 420-basis point gross
margin contraction, resulted in an $84 million and $77 million EBIT headwind, respectively.

Partially offsetting this was lower adjusted marketing and selling expenses, contributing 330 basis points
to adjusted EBIT margin and lower adjusted administrative and R&D expenses contributing 50 basis
points. The estimated impact to EBIT from the additional week in fiscal 2020 was $22 million. Overall, our
adjusted EBIT margin decreased year-over-year by only 30 basis points to 14.3%.

The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS change between our operating performance and below
the line items, a $0.10 impact of lower adjusted EBIT and a $0.01 impact of higher adjusted taxes,
partially offset by a $0.03 favorable impact from lower interest expense resulted in better-than-expected
adjusted EPS of $0.55, down $0.08 from $0.63 per share in the prior year, of which an estimated $0.04
was driven by the additional week in fiscal 2020.

In Meals & Beverages, declines across U.S. retail products, including U.S. Soup, Prego pasta sauces and
Pace Mexican sauces led to a 9% decrease in fourth quarter organic net sales compared to the prior
year. The decline was driven by volume decreases in U.S. Retail due to last year's partial retail inventory
recovery and increased demand of food purchases for at-home consumption in the prior year quarter.
However, versus the comparable period in fiscal 2019, organic net sales increased 10%.

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, sales of U.S. Soups decreased 21%, 7 points of which were driven
by the additional week in the prior year, while at the same time, cycling a 52% increase in the prior year

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

quarter. Operating earnings for Meals & Beverages decreased 30% to $129 million. The decrease was
primarily due to sales volume declines, including the additional week and a lower gross margin, partially
offset by lower marketing and selling expenses as well as lower administrative expenses.

The lower gross margin resulted from higher other supply chain costs, net of lower COVID-19-related
costs; higher cost inflation, including higher freight costs and ingredient and packaging inflation; and
unfavorable product mix, partially offset by the benefits of supply chain productivity improvements.
Overall, within our Minerals & Beverage division, fourth quarter operating margin decreased year-over-
year by 290 basis points to 15.2%.

Within Snacks, organic net sales increased 1% to $1 billion, driven by volume gains in Goldfish crackers
and our salty snacks portfolio, including Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps, Snyder's of Hanover pretzels and
Cape Cod potato chips, partially offset by declines in partner brands and fresh bakery. Favorable price and
sales allowances and lower promotional spending also contributed to sales growth. Compared to the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2019, Snacks organic net sales grew 7%.

Operating earnings for Snacks increased 7% for the quarter, driven by lower marketing and selling
expenses, partially offset by sales volume declines, including the impact of the additional week and a
lower gross margin. The lower gross margin resulted from higher cost inflation and other supply chain
costs, net of lower COVID-19 related costs.

Partially offset by the benefit of cost savings initiatives, supply chain productivity improvement, favorable
price and sales allowances and lower promotional spending. Overall, within our Snacks division, fourth
quarter operating margin increased year-over-year by 170 basis points to 14.2%.

I'll now turn to cash flow and liquidity. Fiscal 2021 cash flow from operations decreased from $1.4 billion in
the prior year to $1 billion, primarily due to changes in working capital, mostly from a significant increase
in accounts payable in the prior year and lower accrued liabilities in the current year. Our year-to-date
cash for investing activities was reflective of the cash outlay for capital expenditures of $275 million, which
was slightly lower than the prior year driven by discontinued operations and the net proceeds from the
sale of Plum.

Our year-to-date cash outflows for financing activities were $1.7 billion, reflecting cash outlays due to
dividends paid of $439 million as we continue to focus on delivering meaningful return of cash to our
shareholders. Additionally, we reduced our debt by $1.2 billion.

We ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $69 million. In June, the Board authorized a $250
million anti-dilutive share repurchase program to offset the impact of dilution from shares issued under
our stock compensation programs. As you saw in today's press release, we reinstituted our strategic share
repurchase program, with a $500 million program replacing the suspended $1.5 billion program which has
been canceled. The company expects to fund the repurchases out of its existing cash flow generation.

Turning to Slide 30, as covered in our press release, we're providing guidance for full year fiscal 2022. We
expect continued uncertainty around the duration and effects of the pandemic on industry-wide supply
chain networks, resulting in accelerating inflationary pressures and a constrained labor market. We expect
to partially mitigate these headwinds with well-executed pricing and plant productivity initiatives as well as
our cost savings program.

First half margins, particularly in the first quarter, will continue to be impacted by transitional headwinds
cycling prior year's elevated sales and scale efficiencies with comparisons easing in the second half of the
fiscal year. We expect organic net sales to be minus 1% to plus 1%, adjusted EBIT of minus 8% to minus
5% and adjusted EPS of minus 8% to minus 4% versus the fiscal 2021 results.

Fiscal 2021 results include a $0.12 benefit from mark-to-market gains on outstanding commodity hedges,
and an approximate $0.02 adjusted EPS contribution from Plum. For additional context on mark-to-
market, please refer to today's Form 8-K. Importantly, when considering these items, the upper end of our
fiscal 2022 adjusted EPS range is in line with fiscal 2021 performance.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

As you see on Slide 31, we expect core inflation for the year to be high single digits with a more
pronounced impact in the second half of fiscal 2022, which we plan to address with price increases and
trade optimization, supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives, and a continued
focus on discretionary spending across the organization.

Moving to additional assumptions, we expect ongoing supply chain productivity gains of approximately 2%
to 3% for the year, excluding the benefit of our cost savings program. As previously mentioned, we expect
continued progress on our cost savings program and expect to deliver an incremental $45 million in fiscal
2022, keeping us on track to deliver $850 million by the end of the fiscal year.

Additionally, we expect net interest expense of $190 million to $195 million, and an adjusted effective
tax rate of approximately 24%, which is largely in line with fiscal 2021. While cognizant of our current
operating environment, we expect to continue to invest in the business, targeting capital expenditures of
approximately $330 million, which includes carryover projects from fiscal 2021.

Additionally, we expect the net of adjusted administrative expenses and adjusted other income to increase
as a percentage of net sales, reflecting the planned information technology investments and related costs,
and the cycling of lower administrative items in the prior year. All in, we expect year-over-year operating
margin improvement in the second half of the year.

Overall, as Mark said, we had a positive finish to the year. We are truly grateful to our teams and for their
continued dedication and commitment as we head into fiscal 2022.

And with that, let me turn it over to Mark.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Mick. In closing, we feel good about how we land in fiscal 2021 amidst the difficult environment.
We expect fiscal 2022 will be a complicated transitional year. But I'm confident that with our strong market
momentum and the progress that we've made, we will successfully navigate through it. I look forward to
sharing our view on how we intend to unlock the full growth and value potential of this fantastic company
going forward at our Investor Day on December 14.
With that, we'll now turn it over to the operator to take your questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was hoping that we could get into maybe some of the key assumptions underpinning the full year EPS
range for fiscal '22 in terms of assumptions around retention of new households, gross margin and SG&A,
marketing spend, in particular, really just to better assess the level of confidence and conservatism in the
full year forecast, particularly in light of the expected challenging 1Q and the higher inflation anticipated
in the second half that could mute the second half recovery. And I really asked this because I still get the
feel from many investors' sort of conversations that sort of the broader food group is maybe still not fully
factoring in the full challenges ahead in guidance.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Sure, yes. So thanks, Andrew. That's a full question. So let me try to piece out a couple of different
elements in there.

First, why don't we talk a little bit about the -- kind of the basis of the assumptions for our guidance and
how we're thinking about it. So first, let's talk a little bit about top line. I think part of the composition
of the year is going to be a little bit of a tale of 2 halves because I do foresee a first half that's going
to feel a little bit more like what we've been experiencing in the fourth quarter, while seeing sequential
improvement as pricing comes into play, which is obviously a significant contributor as we go forward and
then in the back half, even though we do expect really driven on the back of the packaging, inflation as it
relates to steel, in particular, as our contract terms on the calendar year. But even with that in mind, we're
expecting improvement in the back half and overall momentum as we exit the year.

So I think when you think about top line next year, I do think that we see terrific momentum on our
business today. We accelerated that momentum in Q4, we expect to continue to see positive in-market
performance as we move forward. We are going to lap a pretty significant inventory replenishment that
occurred primarily in the first quarter, but through into the second quarter. But I think the underlying
health of the business, we expect to continue to be positive. And of course, sadly, with COVID resurgence,
I think some of the consumer dynamics that supported demand is likely going to be with us for a while
longer.

I also continue to be very encouraged by the retention of households and really the sustainment of repeat
levels that's very broad-based across our portfolio. Obviously, soup is one that we're watching very
closely. And again, I don't think we've ever had or at least not in recent history, a sustained period of
progress so broadly across that part of our business. And with what we're bringing relative to innovation
and other elements, we're feeling very good about that.

I do think [ a governor ] a little bit on this and a recognition of a little bit of then, well why is your
guidance the way it is, is because we also have to be mindful of what is a very significant pressure on
labor that we're experiencing right now. And as I talked about that a little bit in the last quarter, I think
we've seen that sustain through the fourth quarter and expect to still be wrestling with that, although I
think we're taking some terrific actions and we're seeing some progress in some areas, arguably one of
the toughest moments certainly that I've seen as it relates to labor, we're running about 2x our normal
vacancy rates.

And as a translation into what that means, think about it as around somewhere in the neighborhood of
6% of our positions that are open either vacant or absent, and that is making it tougher to fully meet the
demand. So I think you sense or feel a little bit of that balance in our top line projections for the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

And I'll say this a couple of times, but if you go top of the range to bottom of the range, it kind of reflects
how we do on that -- in that area. And so that's how we've thought about the top line. When you get to
margin, it's more distinctively a first half, second half discussion, where really primarily in the first half but
really more so even in the first quarter as we see pricing come into fruition, of course, inflation now as we
kind of leave the covered positions of '21 into '22, we definitely are seeing higher inflation but also feeling
very good about the traction we're getting relative to the pricing actions that we put in place.

We've got good strong productivity that we think will certainly help mitigate that as well. But certainly,
you're going to be in that transitional quarter of pricing coming in with higher inflation. And then as pricing
is fully in place, we expect that to stabilize.

As we did note, as steel prices have gone up significantly, we are expecting a tick up in inflation in the
back half, not enough to offset the progress in the other areas and the comparable numbers that we're
going to be lapping, but generally, a little bit more mitigation. And that's, although we've got good
programs, I think we've got a good plan for it.

That's a pretty significant driver as we look through the balance of the year. And then what we've been
calling transitional costs, which again, in the fourth quarter were fairly consistent with what we saw in the
third quarter, we expect that to be consistent in the first quarter and then begin to mitigate as we move
forward from there.

So I do think as the year unfolds, I feel like we are assuming that as we both lap as well as see some
relief in a couple of areas while we get pricing fully in place, I think we have a fairly balanced approach.
And not unlike what I was talking about around top line, I think the high end and the low end of the
ranges of guidance are a little bit reflective of what variability could occur relative to where we're seeing
inflation or coverage of that inflation to give you a sense of kind of how we've thought about the year. And
then, of course, as you drop to EPS, a little less difference between where EPS and EBIT is relative to what
we see kind of happening below the line.

So that -- I don't know, from a macro basis, that's kind of the way we're thinking about the pieces. Maybe
worth just going back to you to see if you've got any specific element you want to dive into a little bit
more. I know this is a big question for the day, though.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. No, very helpful overall perspective. I appreciate it. I guess, really, it's just more on marketing spend.
And certainly, we'll ask a lot of questions this morning, just to get a sense of the pace you're playing out
for the year.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Sure, yes, so let me kind of hit that one head on. And maybe a good way to start with it is to give you
a little bit of an explanation on Q4 because I know as you unpack the numbers -- and again, I think we
foreshadowed this. But it's important to remember that in fourth quarter of '20, we were in a position
where we had a significant opportunity to kind of double down and invest in a more significant way, which,
by the way, I'm very glad that we did. Because as I've said before, I think it did 2 things, gave us some
momentum as we were solidifying relationships with a lot of new consumers, especially millennials, but it
also gave us a great opportunity to learn and figure out kind of what was working, what wasn't working,
which helped us really kind of dial in to the most efficient or the highest returning spends.

As you flip the page to Q4 of '21, you see a significant drop in marketing and selling. But underpinning
that, what you have is essentially advertising and marketing that are at about the same level as Q4 '19.
And as you've seen our results behind it, and again, arguably always a little bit of a lag, but as you see
our results relative to it, I think I feel great about the investment levels overall that we have.

And as you think about going into next year, I do think you may see a little bit of movement between the
quarters. But overall, from a marketing spend, I think we're at a good level. We may have a little bit of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

incremental investment in a couple of areas as we're adding innovation and working through the balance
of the year. But it will be a relatively stable investment year.

We're not expecting marketing to be a source of opportunity to offset inflation at all, right? We feel good
about the levels we're at, and we want to make sure that we continue to refine the effectiveness of it, but
we're committed to spending behind the businesses. I mean I think the last thing in the world we want to
do is slow down the momentum that we're seeing in market because it's certainly been, for us, a bit of an
unprecedented period of really broad-based market share expansion and growth in key businesses.

And so we want to -- we know long term coming out of this thing, that's what's going to matter most. And
so we're going to be very guarded on it. Even though I recognize on paper, Q4 needs a little bit of context.
But relative to how we're thinking about it going forward, we're expecting very stable investment.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

I just wanted to ask a follow-up on inflation. And I guess just 2 points to cover. One, the high single digit,
is that gross inflation, or is that net of productivity? That's the first one.

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

That's gross, Bryan.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. And then the second one, just in terms of trying to understand, we get a lot of questions about
just how much of that high single-digit inflation expectation is more or less locked in and how much is
variable, right? Meaning it could swing up or down depending on conditions. And I guess one of the things
that we've been hearing consistently through the month of August, as we've touched base with companies
is there's a lot of volatility in freight even if you've got contracts. I mean, sometimes it's not even -- the
truck doesn't even show up, let alone paying higher for the contract.

So it seems like there's just a lot of volatility there. And then anything resin-based, whether it's snack
bags, bag liners, resin cups and Ida probably complicates that a little bit, just given what it's doing to the
refining complex. So anyway, just any context there in terms of how much is fixed and how much could be
variable.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I'll let Mick walk through kind of our coverage position, and then I'll give you a little bit of qualitative
view of it. I totally understand the question and there's a little bit of mix here, I would say, of certainty
and pragmatic forecast positions as we look at the -- and anticipating some variables that aren't
necessarily locked down, that I think we have a good sense of where we'll likely be.

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, so if you look at it from an ingredient and pack perspective, at this point in time in the year, we
recovered about 2/3. So for the fiscal year next year, which is very typical and probably a little bit more
front-end loaded coverage. And then throughout the year, you have a little bit more exposure, but about, I
would say, 2/3 right now.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Yes. And I'd say of that remaining 1/3, as you know, we do have a pretty significant piece of this, which
is relative to our cans as it relates to steel prices. And so what we're doing there is using -- and that gets
really locked in more at the turn of the calendar year, although I do think we have a much clear picture
of kind of where we are and are working through that as we sit here today. But we've got an economic
forecast that I think is generally consistent with where prices are today.

You are right. Resin is another area that we've seen some tick-up in costs as well, but I think we've
covered that. And again, as we navigate through the balance of the year, I think you should expect us
to continue to use the full tool bag to cover that, whether it's some combination of promotion and trade
spending, some price pack architecture that we've worked on, as well as the likelihood that there may be
some places where we're coming back with a second wave of pricing designed to match very clearly in a
very transparent way where we have some of these more explicit costs.

And I would say, I think that will be much more surgical and specific than the pricing that we already have
in place. But I do think as we look at the outlook, we see a mix of those variables in our plan to help us
cover that.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay, great. So just on -- so on the 2/3, 1/3, would that include logistics and freight as well?

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

No, that's more related to the raw and packaging side of things. And then we have a pretty decent chunk
of our freight and logistics covered as well at this point in time with contracts that we put in place.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's definitely been volatile, you're right. I mean in particular, I think we've seen more variability in
areas like ocean freight, which was -- had been a bit more stable, and I think that's adding some volatility.
But I think as we've -- remember, you're also beginning to -- as you go into '22, begin to lap some of the
volatility we were experiencing in fiscal '21.

And so your comparables do get a little bit easier as the year unfolds. But as we said, as we think about
some of these transitional costs in the first half, that's partly why we see a little bit more of that headwind
in the beginning of the year as we've tried to be prudent in making the appropriate estimate as it relates
to where those costs are going to come in based on kind of how we're seeing them today.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Mark, last quarter, when you were asked about pricing, you said a number of things. But one thing was
that you were, I think, being thoughtful, strategic about reflecting critical price thresholds. I think you said
the last thing you want is to shut down growth and share. And I think some people came away from that
with the idea that you want to have some pricing but a little bit of a balanced approach.

I'm just curious if your thoughts on that have evolved at all, right? Maybe you've seen elasticity a little bit
lower than you expected across food at home, maybe a little bit more inflation. So I'm just trying to get a
sense, are you willing to be a little bit more aggressive on pricing, just given some of the changes you've
seen in the last few months? Or do you still want to kind of take that balanced approach to things?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Yes, it's a great question. I think the first thing I would say is we definitely have been encouraged by what
we're seeing early on as it relates to elasticity. And I think just perhaps the broad-based nature of the
inflation is supporting perhaps a little lower than historical levels as it relates to what the elasticities are.

I also think that the strength of our brands right now and the momentum relative to businesses, a great
example is our Swanson business, which, as we've returned supply into the marketplace, as you might
remember, over the last year, or so we lost a lot of share to lower-cost players, which I think for me was
going to be an important test for that brand as we came back in the supply. And we've done extremely
well on recovering the share that we had surrendered.

And so I do think perhaps my view of where the boundaries are have expanded. However, I do think
there still are some boundaries. And so I think although it's giving us perhaps permission to reflect and
continue to do the best job we can in juggling the pressure relative to inflation with wanting to protect
the franchises and the brands longer term, I think we've got more room. And I think that although there
will be some places where I think we still want to make the right smart trade-off for the long-term health,
there's no question that I am feeling more confident in our ability to carry pricing than I might have
initially as we were talking in the third quarter.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I just want to drill into the 1/3 of the COGS that's exposed, and specifically just to understand where steel
costs fit in. I know you touched on that's not finalized yet, given just the calendar nature of that contract.
Can you give any sense of what assumptions you've made around it? And I assume the timing of finalizing
those terms is consistent with prior years, but I don't think the magnitude of increase in the spot rates
we're seeing is really similar. So just -- can you help us understand your planning position there?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We're doing a lot more what I would say, iterative collaboration with suppliers to understand more in
real time what they're seeing so that we can plan appropriately. And so that -- what that implies is that as
we've seen the increase occur, our outlook or our reflection on cost for the year includes that. So we're not
assuming some big relief on steel prices as we go through the year.

I do think what we're going to want to do is probably work with suppliers to make sure that we're able to
kind of accommodate variability that may be occurring throughout the year, but I think from a planning
standpoint, we've taken what I think is probably balanced to conservative in our position. But of course, I
think the volatility around, in particular that, that cost has been quite significant, as you know. But I think
no one's banking on a reversal of that in the current forecast that we've got.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay, that's helpful. And just a quick follow-up on that. So it sounds like maybe in a way, that's a bit
unprecedented. You may have a much more flexible or variable contract and recognizing that sounds like
it's still not finalized, would we be right to think that, that could go up or down?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

It's a good -- so I would just say we're having, as you would expect, pretty meaningful conversations
on that right now. And I think, again, philosophically, my perspective on this is predictability is really the
priority. And so I would want to be careful and balanced in our ability to have certainty versus banking on
something going a better direction.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

So generally speaking, I'm going to want to know what we're dealing with. But I also think you're right.
It is a certain -- certainly somewhat of an unprecedented window. And so how do you think about where
there are floors and ceilings to certain things may be a conversation that we continue to have. Hopefully,
that helps, but a little bit of a work in progress. But I think for now, assuming kind of not a major change,
I think, is probably a pretty prudent position.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Forgive me if I missed this, but have you said how much you think your pricing is going to be up in fiscal
'22? And is it also going to be back-half loaded? I'm just trying to do back of the envelope math because
it looks like your internal inflation could be up as much as 10% in the back half of your year, which would
mean your pricing would need to be up 5 or 6.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Am I in the right ballpark?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

You're in the right ballpark. I'd say a little bit lower as it relates to kind of full year and back half inflation.
And then on pricing, I think as you take all of the variables into account, as we've said before, we're
probably somewhere in the middle single digits in that area. Again, that obviously incorporates a variety of
tools, but that's a pretty good assumption relative to where we are.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And my follow-up is that would imply a volume decline of the same amount. So how did you go
about just determine what that volume decline would look like? And how do you factor in the possibility
anyway that there will be declining food at home consumption as well?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think we've looked at the -- it is a set of variables that are in there. Again, we talked a little bit
earlier about elasticities and a little bit of a growing confidence as it relates to our ability to navigate
pricing, perhaps without seeing some of the historical levels that would translate necessarily into the 5%.

I think you're working a little bit of a couple of different puzzle pieces together. One, we continue to
imagine that we'll be investing, we're adding innovation. We are on the flip side, lapping some inventory
replenishment that we saw in the beginning of last year. But I think the net of it is we do expect that to be
-- to result in a relatively flat year for top line, and that's kind of reflected in our ranges.

And again, if we -- remember, in the backdrop of all this too, Rob, is a little bit of the labor situation
and how we are going to be able to meet the level of demand and our ability to navigate that. I think
we're a lot smarter, a lot more experienced in that now than we were perhaps 1.5 years ago when the
journey began. But at the same time, again, I would say, consistent with many of my peers, the labor
challenges that we're seeing are certainly tougher than I ever remember. And I think the combination of
those variables is how we're getting to the outlook.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

But I don't think we're leaning out on any of those assumptions. So I think we've been fairly, like I said,
pragmatic or balanced in our view. But I think there's going to be puts and takes. And so although I think
you may see pressure downward as it relates to pricing, I think there is likely going to continue to be a
catalyst for growth and progress as well. Remember, some of our businesses, especially like our snacks
businesses, have been pretty steady contributors of growth even through a little bit of the ups and downs
as we've been navigating the pandemic. So I think there's going to be a mix of variables, but I think
where we've kind of pegged, it's probably about right.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of David Palmer from Evercore.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a follow-up to that question from Rob. Pricing net of inflation through the year, how should that
trend? It sounds like the second half is higher inflation. Is pricing going to track with that or perhaps be
accelerating more through the year such that the relationship gets better for gross margins? And I have a
quick follow-up.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So the way I would think about kind of plotting that course is kind of gaining traction through Q1. So
taking a little bit of time to get that fully reflected kind of well in place as we go through Q2. I do think
you'll see efforts for us to balance the step up, if you will, in inflation as we get to the back half. But I do
think you may see a little bit more pressure there.

But remember, you've got several tailwinds as you're getting to the back half of the year. So I think the
ability to still show that sequential progress in margins as we get to the back half of the year, even with
those assumptions relative to inflation, I think still will be positive.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And then just a follow-up on biscuits and snacks, the roughly 13.5% segment margin, it seems like there
would be some reasons for that to get better over time that were independent from this cost absorption
year, lapping a supply chain for one, plus all the improvements that you've been making. Could you
perhaps help us squint and look through the inflation cycle and think about what could be happening there
from a segment perspective basis on margins?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So that will be a prime topic of discussion when I see you guys in December. But here's what I can
tell you: I continue to believe very strongly in the potential for us to improve margins on snacks and for us
to continue to close or reduce the gap between where we are today and where we see ourselves relative
to kind of snacks margin averages.

I think as time goes on, we continue to get better clarity and better understanding of the building blocks
and the variables that will help us get there. And at the same time, I just would say that as you're looking
at the here and now, if you think about kind of where we started the journey to where we find ourselves,
there's probably somewhere around 150 basis points of margin that I would call just transitional cost that
are dampening some of the productivity and savings that we've been generating over the last several
years.

Part of it is planned investments. So part of the kind of offsets to the productivity has been -- or the value
capture has been planned investments in both the infrastructure and in marketing in some cases. But I
think beyond that, we're probably looking at about 150, like I said, basis points that are dampening the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

baseline. And then as we project forward, I think what you're going to see is a combination of building
blocks that will help us build off of that adjusted base.

And hopefully, in December, I'll be able to give you greater confidence in what those look like. I know
we've been kind of dripping that out for several quarters now, but it will be good to kind of get to the
December period. And I think I felt like it was important to kind of keep playing through a little bit of the
short-term kind of transitional pressure as we get ready for that conversation. But hopefully, that gives
you a little bit of a sense of how we're looking at it and then how we're thinking about the future.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference
back over to the management team for the final remarks.

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you. The IR team is available for follow-up discussions. And thank you for your time and
interest in Campbell Soup Company.

Operator
And with that, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

