Cardinal Health, Inc. NYSE:CAH
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.14

1.51

Revenue  (mm)

38141.77

39065.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2020 2:19 PM GMT

32.46

2.42

1.40

5.48

5.92

41257.03

159137.19

166291.47

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.22

1.45

0.89

1.14

1.52

1.62

1.04

1.51

24.59 %

11.72 %

16.85 %

32.46 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Kevin Moran
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Adam Chase Noble
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Adam Evan Heussner
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Cardinal Health, Inc. First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the conference over to Kevin Moran.
Please go ahead.

Kevin Moran
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. This is Kevin Moran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Today, we will discuss Cardinal
Health's first quarter fiscal 2021 results, along with an update to our outlook. You can find today's press
release and presentation on our IR section of our website at ir.cardinalhealth.com.

Joining me today is Mike Kaufmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Jason Hollar, Chief Financial Officer.

During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements. The matters addressed in these statements
are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected or implied. Please refer to our SEC filings and the forward-looking statement slide at the
beginning of our presentation for a description of these risks and uncertainties.

Please note that during the discussion today, our comments will be on a non-GAAP basis unless they are
specifically called out as GAAP. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for all relevant periods can be found in
the schedules attached to our press release. [Operator Instructions]

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mike.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Thanks, Kevin, and good morning to everyone joining us. I'll begin with a few high-level thoughts on our
first quarter, then have Jason review our results and updated fiscal '21 outlook. I'll close with an update on
strategic actions we are taking to carry our positive momentum forward. Our strong first quarter results
were due to great execution on key strategic priorities and additional aggressive cost controls in response
to the uncertainties of the pandemic.

Regarding COVID-19, we saw continued utilization improvement in the quarter, particularly in elective
procedures. These dynamics, along with the disciplined execution I mentioned, contributed to better-
than-expected performance in our Medical segment, which saw significant year-over-year growth. And in
pharma, we continue to be encouraged by the resilience of our business, which grew in the first quarter
despite volume softness related to the pandemic.

As a result of the strong start to our fiscal year, we have increased confidence in the full year, and we are
raising both our EPS guidance range and our Medical segment outlook. Overall, we remain focused on
serving our customers and their patients as we optimize our core businesses and invest for growth to fulfill
our critical role in health care now and into the future.

With that, I'll now turn it over to Jason.

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I will review our first quarter performance and updated
expectations for fiscal '21. Beginning with consolidated company results, our first quarter EPS came in
at $1.51, growing 19% versus the prior year and exceeding our expectations. Total first quarter revenue
increased 5% to $39.1 billion, driven primarily by sales growth from existing customers. Total gross
margin grew 2% to $1.7 billion. Despite higher revenue, SG&A was flat at $1.1 billion, demonstrating our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

enterprise-wide commitment to disciplined expense management. Total operating earnings grew 7% to
$618 million, driven primarily by strong Medical segment performance.

Interest and other expense decreased 52% versus the prior year to $38 million, driven by lower interest
expense as a result of our ongoing commitment to reduce debt as well as multiple other favorable items
such as FX and deferred compensation. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 23%, which includes
a few small favorable discrete items. Although discrete adjustments may cause our quarterly tax rate to
deviate from our guidance range of 24% to 26%, at this time, we still believe this range is appropriate for
the full year. Average diluted shares outstanding were 295 million, about 2 million fewer shares than the
prior year, reflecting the repurchases completed last year.

We generated operating cash flow of $270 million during the quarter. As a reminder, the day of the week in
which the quarter ends affects point-in-time cash flows. We ended the first quarter with a cash balance of
$2.7 billion and no outstanding borrowings under our credit facilities.

Now turning to the segments. Beginning with Medical on Slide 6. Medical revenue increased 1% in the first
quarter to $4 billion, driven by sales growth in our at-Home solutions business. Segment profit increased
36% to $230 million, driven by cost savings, including global manufacturing efficiencies.

The following factors contributed to first quarter medical performance above our expectations. We're
still below prior year levels. They ramped up more quickly than expected. Given our portfolio's general
orientation around the OR, this volume improvement resulted in an increased demand for many of our
higher-margin offerings, including our custom surgical kits and patient recovery products.

Second, our lab business, which has grown consistently over the past few years through product portfolio
expansion and favorable market trends, experienced a tailwind from increased demand for COVID-19
testing products.

And finally, as Mike mentioned, our team delivered strong expense management in response to
uncertainties related to COVID-19. These measures position us to operate and invest in the business for
continued growth.

As we have previously discussed, we continue to incur significantly higher procurement costs for certain
PPE product categories due to global supply challenges during the pandemic. To help mitigate these cost
increases, we implemented price increases on select PPE products with the goal of maintaining mutual
margin dollars. PPE cost increases and corresponding mitigation efforts did not have a material net impact
on our results for the quarter. I will discuss the potential effects of these dynamics on the segment for the
full year when I share our updated assumptions.

Now transitioning to the pharma segment on Slide 5. Revenue increased 5% to $35.1 billion, driven
by sales growth from Pharmaceutical Distribution and Specialty Solutions customers. Despite expected
COVID-19-related volume declines, segment profit increased 1% to $402 million, driven by a higher
contribution from brand sales mix. Additionally, the pharma team remained focused on diligent expense
management.

During the quarter, we saw improving pharmaceutical demand, enabling us to finish generally in line
with our COVID-19 expectations for this point in the fiscal year. Our Specialty Solutions business also
demonstrated improvement in the quarter, resulting in strong overall growth.

Our nuclear business, as expected, was down year-over-year but experienced significant volume recovery
in the quarter. We've mentioned nuclear has been particularly affected by the pandemic due to the mix of
higher-margin products and the business's higher fixed cost structures. We continue to believe we are well
positioned to capture long-term value in the radiopharmaceutical industry.

Finally, we're encouraged to see another quarter of consistent market dynamics within our generics
program, which, excluding the impact of COVID-19, was a net tailwind in the quarter.

Next, on Slide 8, I'll move to our updated fiscal '21 outlook. As a result of our strong first quarter
performance, we are raising our earnings guidance range to $5.65 to $5.95 per share, which at the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

midpoint, represents 6% EPS growth in the prior year. We are reaffirming the guidance ranges for each of
our other corporate assumptions.

This increased EPS guidance is driven by an improved outlook for our Medical segment, depicted on Slide
9. Because of our strong execution on cost savings, including increased global manufacturing efficiencies
and the lower impact of COVID-19-related volume declines, we now expect low double-digit profit growth
in the segment. With 1 quarter of additional insight, we are updating our segment revenue growth to mid-
to high single digits for the full year. To be clear, the increase in our revenue guidance relates to better
clarity on the impact of PPE pricing, and we expect this increased revenue to be more than offset by the
higher cost procuring PPE products, which will adversely impact our margin rate. Mike will provide more
color on our PPE supply assurance efforts for our customers later in his remarks.

As it relates to the pharma segment, we are reiterating our assumptions of mid-single-digit revenue
growth and low single-digit profit growth. With respect to our enterprise COVID-19 assumptions, we are
not assuming that the virus triggers another wave of widespread reductions in elective procedures or
physician office visits. However, we are closely monitoring virus trends, patient utilization and the health
of the global economy, including unemployment trends, all of which currently have varying degrees of
uncertainty.

At this time, we anticipate the total net impact from COVID-19 in the second quarter to be relatively
consistent to what we experienced in the first quarter. This is primarily due to the improved utilization
environment, offset by cost absorption on our self-manufactured products and the previously mentioned
higher cost of procuring PPE. We continue to expect a lower total COVID-19 impact in the second half of
the year, and we assume utilization will exit the year at or near pre-pandemic levels. Furthermore, we
continue to explore opportunities to mitigate these impacts on our business through cost controls and
more permanent improvements to our operational cost structure.

Now I want to mention a notable item included in our GAAP results. Recall that in the first quarter of fiscal
'20, we incurred $5.6 billion pretax related to an agreement in principle amongst the leadership group of
state attorneys general to resolve pending and future opioid litigation claims by states, cities and counties.
While the definitive terms for a settlement continue to be negotiated with better visibility into a potential
outcome, we accrued an additional $1 billion pretax in the quarter. The estimated total cash component for
Cardinal Health would be $6.6 billion, with the majority currently expected to be paid over a period of 18
years.

Considering this accrual update in the dynamic global environment, let me remind you of our capital
allocation approach which we are prioritizing in the following manner: First, we are investing in key areas
of our business to enable our strong pipeline of organic growth opportunities. Second, we are focused on
taking appropriate action to maintain our investment-grade balance sheet. And third, we are committed to
returning cash to shareholders primarily through our dividend. We believe this prioritization of capital best
positions us to both maintain flexibility and generate significant value over the long term.

I'll now turn it back over to Mike.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Thanks, Jason. We aspire to be healthcare's most trusted partner by delivering products and solutions
that improve the lives of people every day. To achieve this mission, we leverage our scale and expertise
to excel in our traditional spaces and expand into adjacencies. I'll share how we are doing both while
simultaneously addressing the challenges of the ongoing pandemic through targeted investments in
pursuit of this mission.

First, we are enhancing our IT infrastructure in key areas to increase capabilities, simplify processes and
improve the customer experience. These multiyear initiatives will generate significant benefits in the
future, some of which we are beginning to realize.

For example, in our Pharmaceutical Distribution business, our teams are preparing to deploy the next
iteration of our technology platform enhancements, creating greater operational efficiencies and better

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

data visibility. Also, initiatives in our corporate functions will harness the potential of AI and machine
learning to enable stronger insights, both for our business and for our customers.

In Medical, our work to streamline our global supply chain network and processes continues, and we
are seeing significant efficiencies. We are also strategically investing to expand in high-growth areas to
support new technologies and therapies and to drive innovative care delivery. For example, in specialty,
we are developing partnerships and making thoughtful investments that combine the technology, scale
and expertise of our business with new innovations in cell and gene therapy, biosimilars and value-based
care models. Our 3PL continues its strong growth with the recent launches in traditional markets as well as
emerging markets.

Also, we recently made an investment in Vineti, the first commercial cloud-based platform to integrate
logistics, manufacturing and clinical data for cell and gene therapies.

In our at-Home solutions business, as trends and technologies accelerate in the increasingly virtual
world of the pandemic, we are focused on optimizing our product portfolio and enhancing the customer
experience. We are deepening partnerships with patients, payers and manufacturers to meet their
evolving needs and expand our capabilities.

We are also investing in our operating systems and digital commercialization capabilities with a pipeline of
AI initiatives to lower our cost to serve and provide fully integrated medical and pharmacy billing solutions
for our customers. These work streams will make us uniquely positioned to lead in the developing
interconnected health and home space.

Across the company, we are working diligently to meet our customers' current needs while also looking
ahead to what they might be in the future. While doing all of this, we remain highly focused on our
internal and external responses to the pandemic. In Medical, we implemented multiple measures to
address ongoing supply challenges for PPE product categories. For example, we established our supply
assurance program to provide consistent long-range supply for our products, including exam gloves,
gowns and masks. The program has been positively received and this collaboration with our customers will
enable us to collectively navigate supply volatility and deliver critical products for patient care.

In pharma, we are constantly monitoring evolving treatment patterns, collaborating with the team at
Red Oak to ensure supply and focusing on delivering the industry's highest service levels. And across
the company, we continue to aggressively control our expenses to ensure we deliver on all of our
commitments and create long-term value.

As I said earlier, we aspire to be health care's most trusted partner and create the greatest value for
our customers, shareholders, communities and employees. I want to thank our employees around the
globe for their integrity, adaptability and persistent dedication to this mission. We are confronting today's
challenges and developing tomorrow's solutions with the tenacity, agility and innovation that makes
Cardinal Health essential to care.
With that, I'll pause and open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will begin Q&A with Mike Cherny of Bank of America.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Congratulations on the good quarter. Yes. I guess I'll ask this question for Mike or Jason, but I just want to
dive in a little bit to the Medical performance in the quarter and the strength you saw, especially against
the backdrop of some of the PPE dynamics, if you can even parse that a little further? Was there anything
that was more short term in nature in terms of what you saw in the quarter? And as you think about
the risk weighting of the various different tailwinds, headwinds you have, tied to the guidance increase,
where do you think are the most sources for potential upside/downside? Or what, I guess, maybe on the
downside is the most concerning or most risky in terms of how to achieve the various levels of that profit
expectation?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Jason. First of all, I would just
emphasize, we are really excited about the efforts we're seeing in our Medical segment. The team did a
really good job this quarter staying not only focused on driving expenses for the quarter in relation to the
uncertainty of the pandemic, but also continuing to get after the longer-term expense initiatives we had
and working on a lot of the other strategic initiatives we talked about like our commercial work.

So a lot of really good progress with Steve and his team, but I'm going to turn it over to Jason, so he can
give you a little bit more of some of the color you would like to hear.

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Thanks, Mike. Yes. And first of all, we should start with the COVID impacts. And the key point is that
within the quarter, there was a relatively minimal impact on the business on a net basis. Of course, there's
a lot going on within that. So there is still a headwind year-over-year as it relates to the lower elective
volume. However, that was offset in part by some of those COVID-specific costs that Mike had referenced,
but also increased volume in our lab testing business. So all those items came together in a way that
effectively offset one another.

Another key point that you referenced, and I didn't reference here is PPE. For the quarter, we saw that
the increased cost that we did recognize were mitigated through price increases that also happened in the
quarter. So for the first quarter, that all kind of offset. I'll come back to that point in a second.

But for the rest of the performance within Medical for the -- segment for the quarter, there were also
additional cost savings. As Mike indicated, this was led by the ongoing multiyear effort in the building a
healthier future initiative that's really getting after global manufacturing and supply chain transformation.
So that was very much consistent with our expectations.

But Mike -- as Mike highlighted, there were also some additional aggressive cost controls that we put
in place due to the uncertainties in the quarter. And we saw some really great flow-through of those
actions in terms of delaying some open positions and managing third-party spend. That may be a bit more
temporary in nature and is something that we'll continue to work to see if we can make more permanent.
So we have a good balance included within our guidance for all those items.

Going back to PPE as it relates to the rest of the year, that is the one area that we do anticipate having
higher costs in the second quarter, higher net cost in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

that's just due to the timing. We have procured the higher-cost PPE inventory items but it's in transit. A lot
of that volume is in transit.

So we know that we will be incurring those costs. A lot of it's already on our balance sheet and our
inventory, and we will recognize that higher cost in the second and perhaps third and fourth quarter, as
we sell those items. And of course, we're also raising prices consistent with that. However, there's some
timing elements that don't line up perfectly between the 2. So that's the one element from Q1 to Q2 for
the Medical business that we would see be a bit of additional headwind.

Now on the flip side, we would expect that in the pharma business, there's a little bit of a lesser of a
headwind from Q1 to Q2 as that environment gets a little bit more normalized, but I would not call that
significant.

Operator

We'll now take a question from Steven Valiquette with Crédit Suisse.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. Steve Valiquette from Barclays. Nothing has changed there. Just want to mention [indiscernible]
litigation and the [ extra ] charge that you took. One of your peers also took a charge this morning, and
they made a note -- a point in the press release that it includes not only the states but also the counties
and municipalities and other government entities as well.

So I'm just curious, with your total charge that you have now, do you -- what percent of your total liability
do you think that would cover? Is it pretty comprehensive? Or were there still be other cases to lie? Just
curious for more color around that.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Steve. I'll give you a little bit of color here. Our view has always been that it is a global
settlement that takes into account all of the states as well as the political subdivisions in the state. So that
accrual represents our assumption around that.

What's not in there is any private party claimant cases, individual or some other nonpolitical subdivision or
state. Those are still out there. We intend to defend ourselves vigorously against those. But that accrual
takes into account all, both the states and the political subdivisions.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. And also a few questions just from investors on the run rate of medical profits on a quarterly basis.
Obviously, this fiscal first quarter was very strong. Any additional thoughts on kind of quarterly run rates
from here might be helpful as well.

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I don't think there's too much more to add than what I just went through where, again, from a Q1
to Q2 perspective, we definitely anticipate there being a greater headwind related to the PPE recognition
of that cost. But for the other elements, we continue to see relatively consistent types of dynamics there.
And then as I also mentioned, and Mike touched on as well, as it relates to the underlying cost controls,
we feel really good about our performance in the first quarter. Some of those were absolutely permanent
and a part of those structural cost reductions that we've been putting into place for the last several years.
But other elements were very specific to the pandemic and really tightly managing our costs perhaps in a
little bit on the shorter term.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

We'll continue to evaluate those initiatives and see if we can make them more permanent by changing
the way in which we do on certain things, which is very consistent with our building a healthier future
initiatives elsewhere, but we need a little bit more time to work that through.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

And the only other thing I would add is that we did exit the quarter roughly mid-single digits down on
elective, and so that was better than our expectations. And as Jason said, we expect to finish the year
at or near pre-COVID levels. So a lot of the upward trajectory already has occurred in the first quarter.
So you wouldn't see that sequential is not as big as maybe it was historically when we were first thinking
about this. So I think that's one component also to keep in mind.

Operator

And our next question will come from Jailendra Singh from Crédit Suisse.

Adam Evan Heussner
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

This is Adam on for Jailendra today. In terms of the cost savings, which were partially contributing to the
EPS raise, just curious of how much of the improvement there had already been planned versus if you
expedited those cost initiatives.

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So as I think about the -- let's just step back and think about the raise for the full year guidance.
That is entirely due to the medical performance, and you saw that we raised the outlook there as well.
And so within that, we had 2 key components. First of all, COVID is being -- is better, less of a headwind
than what we had anticipated, although still a headwind for the year. And that is the most meaningful
impact. But also significant within that, not insignificant, is the underlying cost reductions that we've been
referencing. So both go into it, but I would say COVID is a little bit more of a benefit there versus the cost
savings, but still very meaningful.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

And then I would just add, we've also seen really good performance on our lab business in the first quarter
that we would expect to continue through the rest of the year. And so some of our other components of
our business performed very strong, too.

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

And one other item, maybe just to make sure we referenced, is tax rate for the first quarter was a couple
of hundred basis points lower than the midpoint and lower than the range that we have. That is just the
timing of some discrete items that were all anticipated when we established our guidance range. So we'll
continue to have some fluctuations there. But that does look like an impact in the first quarter that we
would expect to revert more to the mean by the time we get to the end of the year.

Operator

Now I'll move to Kevin Caliendo with UBS.

Adam Chase Noble
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. This is actually Adam Noble on for Kevin. Just wanted to go back to the lab business. Just curious if
you guys can kind of size how big a business that is within the overall Medical segment. Then just curious,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

is that mainly the hospital channel? Or do you have a significant presence with outpatient labs and other
areas of the blood testing universe?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. Our lab business has been a business that we've had for a really long time. I have always -- it's been
a consistent grower for us, both on the top and bottom line for a lot of years. Its main customers are
basically the outpatient labs and other hospital lab type of businesses. So those are who we are supplying.
We have a very robust product line, some of which is our self-manufactured or sourced items as well as
we work with all of the national brand players.

And so while it's always been a business that has performed well and grown nicely for us, with the
increase in COVID testing, that business has had some additional growth this year. They've also been a
real leader in getting reagents out, testing equipment, working with folks on helping on the swab supply
early on. So it's a business we're really proud of the team there and continue to feel good about their
growth this year. And we actually are evaluating how much of that might continue on going forward as we
continue to look at that business going forward, but really strong performance by the lab business.

Adam Chase Noble
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Got you. That's super helpful. With regards to the Medical business overall, I'm just curious if you could
talk about the recovery and utilization there between the U.S. as well as some of your international
footprints. And your comments around not expecting to see a real drop in elective procedures probably
most likely in the U.S. and COVID. I'm just curious given some of the lockdowns that have recently been
implemented in Europe, whether there's any pipe concern there that you [indiscernible].

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. It's a great question. I think the first thing I think we all need to keep in mind is it will probably be
very choppy over the next 6 to 12 months. It's hard to know how long. But I do think it will be choppy.
We are even seeing small shutdowns here and there in the U.S. and obviously, potentially in Europe and
different spots.

As far as our -- the majority of our product is going through our U.S. channels. And as I said, as it relates
to electives, we exited Q1 down mid-single digits and expect to get at or near pre-COVID levels by the end
of the year. And while that's not a huge sequential growth, we do expect it to be somewhat choppy. And
it's hard to exactly predict on a quarterly basis, but we feel good about our current guidance. As it relates
-- again, assuming there's no major shutdown. If we had everybody shutting down again like in our Q4,
that would create some different types of concerns. But as long as we could see spotty types of -- lumpy
types of shutdowns, we would expect that we could manage through that.

As far as in Europe, again, that is just product sales. We don't do distribution over there. And our current
guidance does assume again some choppiness over there, and we're not looking for major shutdowns over
there either.

Operator

We will now take the question from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Mike and Jason, just as we think about the Pharmaceutical Distribution business on a go-forward basis,
Mike, can you talk about maybe what you saw in the quarter around new prescription volume trends and
expectations? We understand that people are starting to go back to the physician office. But just looking at
IQVIA data, it doesn't look like trends for new prescriptions are back to what they were historically. So if
you can talk about what trend you're seeing there?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And then secondly, when we think about your guidance and think about your pharmaceutical distribution
component, can you talk about your expectation for biosimilars in your numbers? Do you have an
expectation that that's going to be a positive for you for this fiscal year? And how do we think about
potential margin differentials?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. I'll just start with the biosimilars first and then move on to the Rx trend. But we do continue to
see biosimilars gain momentum with increased adoptions across multiple sites of care. And we've been
successful working with the suppliers and our customers in this area. We think we're really well positioned
to distribute and provide services, both upstream and downstream to the biosimilar players.

Generally, biosimilar margins are similar to branded margins. It depends on the individual supplier and
the product. There are some opportunities when you're able to move share through your GPOs and stuff
to make some potential extra margins on that. But generally, as I've said in the past, the real margin
opportunity for us in biosimilars over the mid- to long term will be as if they get an interchangeable
designation. And then I think that will increase the opportunities for us to really make what I would say
more meaningful contributions to our bottom line. So while we continue to be very excited about the
future potential for biosimilars, they've really not, at this time, reached a level of materiality for us.

And then flipping to your other question around Rx trends. I think the first comment I would make is
the real resilience of the pharma segment in general. This is a business that it seems like whenever
we go through large challenges in the U.S., it's a business that continues to -- well, it may have some
headwinds, continues to be very resilient to the overall marketplace. Now we also know in our pharma
segment, that includes our nuclear business, which, as Jason mentioned, was coming back nicely in
the quarter and tracking well. So we're glad that we maintain both the people and the resources and
commitments there because we did see that bounce back, still below prior levels but bouncing back nicely.

As far as your comment around the IQVIA data, I actually would say that what we're seeing is that our
general business tracks pretty closely to it around both new Rxs, generics, et cetera. So we're not really
seeing any trends within our business that I would call out that are much different than what we're seeing
in the overall IQVIA data.

Operator

Now moving to Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.

Unknown Analyst

This is Joe on for Elizabeth. Just a quick question on Cardinal Health at-Home. Could you give us a sense
for kind of how you see demand trending as you progress through 2021?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. This is a business we continue to be super excited about. As we've said a couple of different times,
it's one of those areas that we've called out as one of our strategic growth areas with both Specialty, our
services business is in Cardinal Health at-Home. We're a leader in the space, and we intend to stay that
going forward.

And so we did see very nice revenue trends in that business. We continue to make investments in that
business specifically to continue to grow and have a very nice, both mid- and long-term view of that
business. So we remain excited about the team, our resources. The pipeline of opportunities we're working
on feels really good in that business.

Operator

We'll hear from Eric Percher with Nephron Research.

Eric R. Percher
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Nephron Research LLC

I wanted to ask for a little bit more detail on the nuclear business. And I'm curious to hear if some of
that strength has been in specific areas across cardio or neuro or onco. And has that been a pretty good
forward indicator for upticks in volume and maybe getting back to the new scripts you were talking about?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. It's a great question. We have seen a little bit of difference between onco coming back faster than
cardio. So we do a lot of work in both those spaces in our nuclear business. And really, as we expected, it
has bounced back nicely.

But to your point, what we've seen both in nuclear and in our specialty business is that onco has bounced
back much faster than other ologies, whether it be cardiology, rheumatology, nephrology. But particularly
to nuclear, our cardio business has bounced back a little bit slower than oncology.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

And was there cost reduction there that may come back as you get back to full speed?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Actually, it's a business that is a pretty fixed cost business. And so we did not take any -- we took
appropriate cost reductions, but I wouldn't say we took aggressive cost reductions because we really
believe in that business over the long term. We think it has a very nice pipeline of projects we're working
on with manufacturers for clinical trials. The Theranostics area, we think, is a real good growth area for us.

So we decided essentially, as we kind of talked about last quarter, just to hold on to both our people
because the rest of our assets, being whether it's our manufacturing facilities with our cyclotrons, our
individual pharmacies which still needed to be staffed, we didn't make extra aggressive cost reductions
there. And so it's nice to see it bounce back and deliver the type of results that we saw in our Q1.

Operator

And the next question will come from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

One question related to specialty. Of the -- there was some big news on Biogen yesterday, and we're
getting questions from investors on how should we think about drugs like that as potential contributors to
your business. Should we think about it as flowing through core distribution, through specialty?

And then also, any thoughts about a potential role for Cardinal in distribution of COVID vaccine once it's
available for the general population?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. As far as the specialty products, I would say this is -- what I really like about our position is we
can manage both. We have the capabilities for a manufacturer to choose going through our pharma
distribution business. Obviously, we serve one of the largest chains, the largest grocery chain, largest mail
order insurer. So we've got a lot of strong customer base as well as a strong presence in the acute space
that our pharma distribution business has the reach to be able to manage specialty drugs that way. And
then also with our specialty business, they can go that way.

So that's something that we feel really good about that we talk to manufacturers all the time and can
work with them in either way. A lot of manufacturers, it depends on who the ultimate customer is and who

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

they're trying to reach and which one they may choose. And sometimes they'll choose both, depending on
certain customers will go one way and other ones will go the other.

So it's hard to specifically talk about any individual drug. We don't really like to do that. But in terms
of having the capabilities, I'm confident that we can do that anywhere, even up into including if it's a
smaller company that's launching a drug and need services all the way from soup to nuts. The third-party
logistics business we have is from performing incredibly well in our specialty space. So someone that
needs customer service, shipping, billing, collections, et cetera, we can do that, too.

As far as the COVID vaccine, as you know, as far as Phase I has been, one of our competitors has been
chosen to do that in Phase I. We continue to have daily conversations with the folks in the government
around being part of it. We have the absolute capabilities to do it. We've been shipping many different
types of vaccines for years. So we have both ambient and cold chain storage capabilities and shipping
capabilities to do that. And my belief, at least from what I think is probably best from making sure that
the product is available for our customers and the fact that we're going to our customers every day, is
that down the line, I think it would make the most sense for all the key distributors to be part of the Phase
II of this when the products become more readily available, and we stand ready to do that when that
happens.

Operator

And our last question today will come from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And Mike, I apologize if you touched on this already. But as you think about the guidance for the balance
of the fiscal year, can you quantify what your guidance implies in the core drugs business, I guess, as a
percent of return to baseline from pre-COVID? Like is the -- I guess does the guidance assume that we get
95% back, 98% back? Just be interested in any color you can provide on that.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Specifically -- well, I can talk specifically to pharma. We really feel like we're tracking very similar to the
IQVIA data and that Rx trends -- remember, our year-end being June 30 would be at or near pre-COVID
levels by the time we exit the year. And so that's kind of how we would see it progressing over the next 3
quarters, again, with the caution of being some potential lumpiness as things happen specific to Rx. Does
that answer your question, George?

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes, it does. And maybe if I could just do a quick follow-up. One of the things that we've also seen from
the IQVIA data is that flu vaccine volumes have been strong. I guess have you guys participated in that
and the kind of the derivative fall there? Have you seen any change in mix as we think about kind of
what's been going on in the drug business over the last 3 to 6 months?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. It's an interesting question. It's -- flu vaccines have been significantly up this year, and we do
distribute those. And we've distributed significant more flu vaccines this year than we have in historical
years. Probably with the combination of the fact that more people are getting vaccinated as well as
practicing distancing, wearing masks, washing hands, et cetera, we would expect a much lighter flu
season this year than historically.

But we're not seeing any big necessary mix changes in our pharma business at this time. But we are
keeping an eye on it because as different physicians get back into work and people start visiting them,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

we may see a little bit of mix. But right now, nothing I would call out as material. But again, I'll just keep
focused on that, where we do expect it to be nonlinear or a little bit lumpy over the rest of the year.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude your question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over
to Mike Kaufmann for any closing remarks.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. And on behalf of all of us at Cardinal Health,
I hope you and your families stay safe and well. And we look forward to speaking to all of you sometime
soon. Take care.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your
participation, and you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

