Catalent, Inc. NYSE:CTLT
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, February 03, 2020 1:15 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.45

Revenue  (mm)

700.81

0.45

721.40

0.00

2.94

0.53

1.97

2.28

697.19

2851.66

3075.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-27-2020 11:06 AM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.46

0.66

0.23

0.45

0.49

0.70

0.26

0.45

6.52 %

6.06 %

13.04 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Paul Surdez
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Donald Houghton Hooker
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Evan Arthur Stover
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Jacob K. Johnson
Stephens Inc., Research Division

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Catalent Second Quarter Fiscal Year
2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Paul Surdez, Vice President, Investor
Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.

Paul Surdez
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to review Catalent's Second Quarter Fiscal
Year 2020 Financial Results. With me today are John Chiminski, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and
Wetteny Joseph, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

In addition to reviewing our second quarter earnings release issued earlier this morning, we will also
refer you to our other press release issued today regarding our agreement to acquire cell therapy leader,
MaSTherCell. Please see our agenda for this call on Slide 2 of our supplemental presentation, which is
available on our Investor Relations website at www.catalent.com.

During our call today, management will make forward-looking statements and refer to non-GAAP financial
measures. It is possible that actual results could differ from management's expectations. We refer you to
Slide 3 for more detail. Slides 3, 4 and 5 discuss the non-GAAP measures, and our just-issued earnings
release provides reconciliations to the nearest GAAP measures. Catalent's Form 10-Q, to be filed with the
SEC later today, has additional information on the risks and uncertainties that may bear on our operating
results, performance and financial condition.

Now I would like to turn the call over to John Chiminski.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Paul, and welcome, everyone, to the call. In addition to reporting strong Q2 results, we're excited
to announce this morning our plan to further expand our biologics footprint by acquiring MaSTherCell, a
leader in cell therapy development and manufacturing.

Before reviewing the strategy behind adding MaSTherCell to the Catalent family, let me summarize our
financial highlights from the second quarter. As you can see on Slide 6, our revenue for the second quarter
increased 16% as reported or 17% in constant currency to $721 million, with 7% of the constant currency
growth being organic, which is above our expectations for the long-term organic growth of our base
business.

Our adjusted EBITDA of $171 million for the quarter was above the second quarter of fiscal year 2019 on
a constant currency basis by 16%, with 5% being organic. Our adjusted net income for the second quarter
was $72 million or $0.45 per diluted share, unchanged from the per share adjusted net income in the prior
fiscal year.

Three of our 4 reporting segments had strong performances as Biologics, Softgel and Oral Technologies
and Clinical Supply Services each contributed to the organic revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth, partly
offset by headwinds in our Oral and Specialty Delivery segment. Wetteny will detail these results later in
the call.

Now moving on to the operational update. First, we announced 2 important executive appointments in
January that provide additional depth and breadth to our leadership team. We recruited Karen Flynn
to return to Catalent after 10 years of leading operations and commercial activity for a well-respected

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

biopharma services company to be President of our Biologics segment and our Chief Commercial Officer.
Karen, who is replacing the retiring Barry Littlejohns, will execute our biologics strategy and further
expand our Biologics drug substance, drug product and gene therapy businesses. We also recruited
another former Catalent executive with decades of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, Ricci
Whitlow, as our President of Clinical Supply Services in place of the retiring Paul Hegwood. In addition to
growing our CSS business with our traditional customer base, she will be focused on growing its footprint
through cross-selling opportunities with our Biologics and other long-cycle businesses. Karen and Ricci,
like Barry and Paul before them, report to our COO, Alessandro Maselli. They replace distinguished leaders
who are celebrated here at Catalent for growing their businesses and for their tireless efforts to help
establish our patient-first culture.

Next, last week, the Catalent Board of Directors approved the deployment of additional capital for further
expansion of our gene therapy commercial facilities at BWI, which expansion will support operations on
the BWI campus as well as our other gene therapy facilities in BioPark, Rockville and Gaithersburg. This
investment is above and beyond the CapEx previously approved for the build-out of the 10 suites in our
BWI facility, all of which are on track to be operational at the end of this calendar year. The additional
CapEx approved last week will allow us to achieve higher revenue potential from the Paragon acquisition
than anticipated at the time of the original acquisition last May once all the projects are completed.

Additionally, early last month, we took ownership of Bristol-Myers Squibb's oral solid biologics and sterile
product manufacturing and packaging facility in Anagni, Italy, which we had agreed to acquire in June.
This multipurpose site enhances our global network and provides us drug product sterile fill/finish capacity
and oral solid-dose manufacturing in Europe and comes with an agreement to continue to manufacture
BMS's current product portfolio at the site. The Anagni facility expands our European capabilities in
biologics drug product, solid oral dose manufacturing and packaging to accelerate development programs
and provides greater commercial supply capacity.

The acquisition of Anagni is another example of our progress in realizing our global biologics strategy,
which continues to develop and strengthen across our network. As an additional example, I'm pleased
to announce that the Bloomington site received yet another commercial product approval in January,
bringing its total to 22 versus the 12 it was producing at the time of the acquisition, with several additional
launches on the horizon. The previously announced $200 million investment in Bloomington and Madison
are progressing according to plan and will help us serve the existing pipeline of late-stage clinical work and
other opportunities for these high-margin sites.

Another important element of our biologics strategy is our entrance into the gene therapy space last
year. The acquisitions of Paragon Bioservices and related gene therapy assets provided Catalent with
new expertise and capabilities in one of the fastest-growing techniques for therapeutic intervention
today and position us for accelerated long-term growth. The integration of these gene therapy assets
into the Catalent portfolio is progressing ahead of our expectation and has been a key contributor to
our strong year-to-date financial results. The CapEx approval I previously highlighted was supported
by this early outperformance as well as by research we commissioned from an independent third-party
consultant, which indicates the gene therapy pipeline will continue to increase much more rapidly than the
manufacturing assets needed to service the demand.

Paragon provided us with a platform for development of an expanded offering in biologics, enabling entry
into technology categories adjacent to the development and production of viral vectors for gene therapies.
The success we've experienced thus far with Paragon provides us with the confidence and blueprint to
further expand our biologics offering into cell therapy, which we are announcing this morning.

Please turn to Slide 7 for an overview of our agreement to acquire MaSTherCell, a technology-focused
cell therapy development and manufacturing partner to cell therapy innovators. MaSTherCell's service
offerings include the development and manufacture of both autologous and allogeneic cell therapies as
well as a variety of related analytical services. It has worked with a range of therapies, including those
based on the so-called CAR-T cells, tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes as well as T cell receptors and other cell
types.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

MaSTherCell, which was founded in 2011, has sites in Belgium and Texas. Its current operating facility
near Brussels provides preclinical and clinical stage services, and MaSTherCell is in the process of building
a commercial-scale production and fill/finish facility nearby, which is expected to open in late 2021.
MaSTherCell is also in the final stages of completing the build-out of a preclinical and clinical stage facility
near Houston, Texas and has future plans to expand into commercial there as well.

Cell therapy, like gene therapy, is attracting enormous funding as both the number of active programs and
the level of funding have rapidly expanded over the last 5 years. There are now more than 500 public and
private companies with cell therapy programs and hundreds of active cell therapy-based investigational
new drug applications. Much of the focus today is in oncology, but we're seeing applications expand in
other therapeutic areas, such as autoimmune diseases, cardiology and neurology. Our research indicates
that the cell therapy pipeline is growing in the mid-teens range with over 800 cell therapy assets in the
pipeline today and also estimate cell therapy manufacturing to be approximately 65% outsourced, which is
comparable to viral vectors.

Also, similar to viral vector manufacturing, cell therapy capacity is scarce, and the trend of demand
outstripping supply is projected to become more acute despite investments in additional capacity
being made across the industry. We see MaSTherCell as a complementary addition to our gene therapy
capabilities and the rest of our Biologics portfolio.

We also believe that MaSTherCell will be a strong, strategic fit for Catalent as we're well positioned to
combine MaSTherCell's team of experts and differentiated capabilities with our extensive resources and
our significant experience in scaling new platforms to help MaSTherCell build out its development and
commercial manufacturing capabilities. Furthermore, we believe MaSTherCell rounds out our program to
be the leader in gene and cell therapy, creating deeper and broader relationships with customers, and like
we've seen with Paragon, open up cross-selling opportunities across Catalent's other technology platforms.

From a structural perspective, this is an all-cash transaction with a total purchasing price of $315 million
subject to customary purchase adjustments. Catalent expects to finance this transaction with either a
partial drawdown of its revolving credit facility with proceeds from a possible future incremental capital
raise. Any such raise may also include funds for capital expenditures in support of our gene therapy
programs and other strategic initiatives.

Slide 8 illustrates how our actions continue to fundamentally transform our business and increase our
share of the R&D pipeline by significantly increasing our exposure to the faster-growing area of the
industry that is biologics. We've done this through significant organic and inorganic investments, putting to
work nearly $3 billion over the last 5 years.

In the 12-month period ended December 31, our Biologics segment represented 27% of our portfolio. In
the quarter we're reporting today, it's now just over 30%. And when factoring in our long-term organic
revenue growth guidance of 6% to 8%, combined with strategic acquisitions like MaSTherCell and Anagni,
we believe we're on pace for 50% of our revenues to be driven from Biologics segment by the end of fiscal
2024 with total company revenues projected to be approximately $4.5 billion. Given the greater margin
contributions from our Biologics segment, we believe adjusted EBITDA margins in 2024 will expand to at
least 28%, up approximately 300 basis points from our expected levels in 2020.

We're proud that the combination of organic and inorganic investments we're making in biologics is
already delivering substantial benefits to patients. We believe our strategy that drove us to uniquely
combine capabilities to support the fastest-growing areas of drug development with Catalent's historical
leadership and deep expertise in global contract drug manufacturing will continue to create significant
value for our company, our customers and our shareholders.

Now I'll turn over the call over to Wetteny, who will take you through our second quarter financial results
and the details related to our updated financial guidance.

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Thanks, John. I will begin this morning with a discussion on segment performance, where both the fiscal
2019 and fiscal 2020 second quarter results are presented on the basis of the revised reporting segments
we introduced last quarter. Please turn to Slide 9, which presents our Softgel and Oral Technologies
business. As in past earnings calls, my commentary around segment growth will be in constant currency.

Softgel and Oral Technologies revenue of $267.9 million increased 3% during the quarter, with segment
EBITDA increasing 19%. After excluding the impact of the October 2019 divestiture of the segment's
manufacturing site in Braeside, Australia, segment revenue and EBITDA grew 9% and 24%, respectively.
The growth primarily relates to volume increases across the consumer health portfolio within Europe
as well as increased demand in the prescription product business in North America, which is partially
attributable to recently launched products.

Revenue in the consumer health business also increased in North America and Latin America due to the
prior year shortage in ibuprofen API supply. Additionally, the strong segment EBITDA performance was
driven by improved capacity utilization and favorable product mix across the network.

Slide 10 shows that our Biologics segment recorded revenue of $225.2 million in the quarter, which is up
66% versus the comparable prior year period, with segment EBITDA growing 61% quarter-over-quarter.
Note that a large portion of both the revenue and the segment EBITDA growth was inorganic and driven
by the gene therapy acquisitions, which contributed 56 percentage points to revenue and 49 percentage
points to EBITDA growth. Excluding acquisitions, the segment recorded organic revenue growth of 10% in
the second quarter and segment EBITDA growth of 12%.

Recent investments in our Biologics business continued to translate into growth during the second
quarter as we recorded strong growth in drug product volumes in the U.S. As a reminder, drug substance
revenue continues to be impacted by the completion of a limited-duration customer contract, which
had a particularly high drop-through of EBITDA, following the completion of the client build-out of its
own capacity. The customer's strategy to move its production in-house was fully contemplated when we
entered into the contract, and the precise timing was less defined given typical production complexities.
We continue to expect this to be a comparison headwind for our drug substance business for another
quarter as we work to onboard new customers to increase our utilization levels. Drug acceptance, after
excluding the completion of this noncell line clinical manufacturing contract, also grew year-on-year.

As John mentioned, we just closed on the Anagni acquisition on the 1st of January. As we did not know
the timing of the close when we gave initial guidance in August, the site was not included in our original
estimate, but is now reflected in our current guidance updated today. As the site is multipurpose, its future
financial reporting is likely to be split between Biologics and OSD segments, and we will provide you more
details when we report our third quarter.

To close out the commentary on Biologics, I'd like to echo John's excitement about bringing MaSTherCell's
cell therapy expertise to Catalent, which enables us to establish a position in this exciting new therapeutic
platform and stay at the forefront of bringing new, advanced therapies to scale. Catalent provides
MaSTherCell access to growth capital, leverages its functional and system expertise and provides access to
additional customers. However, given the company's early stage, MaSTherCell is not expected to provide
meaningful EBITDA in the next 2 years as profit generated in its current clinical services will be consumed
by its commercial build-out. We expect to provide additional color next quarter following the expected
closing of the transaction.

Slide 11 shows that our Oral and Specialty Delivery segment recorded revenue of $143.2 million in the
quarter, which is down 7% versus the comparable prior year period, with segment EBITDA declining
28% quarter-over-quarter. While we experienced growth in our orally delivered commercial products,
this was more than offset by decreased volumes in the segment's respiratory and ophthalmic specialty
delivery platform. This business experienced very strong demand a year ago as it generated revenues
in anticipation of new product introductions. However, these NPIs have not yet materialized, creating a
headwind for the segment this quarter, which despite expected sequential improvement will result in a
year-on-year headwind for the remainder of the year and is factored in our new guidance. Despite the
softness we are experiencing this quarter, we believe the OSD segment continues to have a very strong

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

development pipeline, including several late-stage quasi-development programs that will drive future long-
term growth.

In order to provide additional insight into our long-cycle businesses, which include Softgel and Oral
Technologies, Biologics and Oral and Specialty Delivery, we are disclosing our long-cycle development
revenue and the number of new product introductions as well as revenue from these NPIs. As a reminder,
these metrics are only directional indicators of our business since we do not control the sales or marketing
of these products nor can we predict the ultimate commercial success of them.

For the first 6 months of fiscal year 2020, we recorded development revenue across both small and large
molecule of $422.5 million, which is more than 36% above the development revenue recorded in the first
half of the prior fiscal year. Additional disclosure on our development revenue is included on our Form 10-
Q to be filed today with the SEC. In addition, we introduced 87 new products in the first 6 months of fiscal
year 2020, which are expected to contribute approximately $27 million revenue in the fiscal year.

Now as shown on Slide 12, our Clinical Supply Services segment posted revenue of $87.9 million or 9%
growth over the second quarter of the prior year, segment EBITDA of $24 million or 15% growth. The
strong growth in both revenue and segment EBITDA was driven by strong demand in the segment's
storage and distribution and manufacturing and packaging businesses. All the segment revenue and
EBITDA growth recorded within CSS was organic.

As of December 31, 2019, our backlog for the CSS segment was $390 million, a 4.5% sequential increase.
The segment recorded net new business wins of $104 million during the second quarter, which is a
decrease of 2.3% compared to the very high level of net new business wins recorded in the second
quarter of the prior year. The segment's trailing 12-month book-to-bill ratio remains at 1.2x.

Slide 13 and 14 contain reference information for our second quarter and year-to-date segment results,
both as reported and in constant currency.

Slide 15 provides a reconciliation of EBITDA from operations from the most approximate GAAP measure,
which is net earnings. This bridge would assist in tying out our reported figures to our computation of
adjusted EBITDA, which is detailed on the next slide.

Moving to adjusted EBITDA on Slide 16. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 17% to $171 million
or 23.7% of revenue compared to 23.4% of revenue reported in the second quarter of prior year. On
a constant currency basis, our second quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 18%, including 5% organic
growth.

On Slide 17, you can see that second quarter adjusted net income was $72 million or $0.45 per diluted
share compared to adjusted net income of $65.4 million, also representing $0.45 per diluted share in the
second quarter a year ago.

Slide 18 shows our debt-related ratios and our capital allocation priorities. Our total net leverage ratio as
of December 31 was 4.2x, which has modestly reduced from the ratio as of the end of the prior quarter.
Pro forma for completed acquisitions, our total net leverage ratio was 4.0x, which is an improvement of
approximately 1/2 of a turn compared to the ratio at the time we announced the Paragon transaction.
Given the free cash flow generation of the company and its growing adjusted EBITDA, the company
naturally delevers between 0.5 and 0.75 of a turn per year. Additionally, continued investments in
Biologics, including the new CapEx approved by our Board last week for our gene therapy business, led
us to increase our fiscal year 2020 projections for CapEx spending. Taking into account customer funding,
capital expenditures are now expected to be approximately 13% to 14% of net revenue compared to our
initial assumption of 11% to 12% of net revenue. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged and
focus first and foremost on organic growth followed by strategic M&A.

Now we'll turn to our financial outlook for fiscal year 2020 on Slide '19. As John reviewed in his opening
comments, we are raising our financial guidance to reflect the acquisition of Anagni and for the continued
growth of the gene therapy business and are also slightly tightening these ranges to reflect the passage of
time. No contribution from MaSTherCell is assumed in this revised guidance, which regardless of when it
closes will be immaterial to our full year 2020 results.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

We now expect full year revenue in the range of $2.87 billion to $2.95 billion compared to our previous
guidance of $2.78 billion to $2.88 billion. Note, this new guidance continues to assume organic revenue
growth of 4% to 7%. Full year adjusted EBITDA -- for full year adjusted EBITDA, we now expect a range
of $711 million to $735 million compared to our previous expectation of $700 million to $730 million. This
new range continues to assume our original organic adjusted EBITDA growth assumption of 9% to 12%.
Note the greater increase in our revenue guidance relative to our adjusted EBITDA guidance will result in a
somewhat lower adjusted EBITDA margin level for fiscal 2020 than our original guidance. We now expect
adjusted EBITDA margin to increase over fiscal year 2019 results of 23.8% by approximately 100 basis
points at the midpoint of the new range versus the previous expectation of an approximate 150 basis point
increase. This is largely due to the addition of Anagni, which, as expected, currently has lower utilization
levels until it adds more customers.

We're also updating our full year adjusted net income guidance to a range of $307 million to $331 million
compared to the previous guidance of $300 million to $330 million. We now expect that our fully diluted
share count on a weighted average basis for the fiscal year ending June 30 will be in the range of 160
million to 161 million shares, which continues to account the preferred shares we issued in May to fund
part of the Paragon acquisition as if they all were converted to common shares in accordance with their
terms. We continue to expect our consolidated effective tax rate to be between 24% and 26% for the
fiscal year.

Finally, Tom Castellano is also in the room with us today, and I'd like to personally thank him for the
outstanding job he has done leading the Investor Relations function for Catalent since our IPO. Tom
will continue to add great value to the company in his new leadership role as Global Vice President of
Operational Finance and as the finance leader for our Biologics segment. Tom has transitioned his IR
responsibilities to Paul Surdez, who joined us last month and many of you know from his time leading
Investor Relations at other public health care companies.
Operator, we'd now like to open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'll start with MaSTherCell. I know it's a smaller deal than Paragon, but I'm just wondering if you could
compare and contrast the 2. How you think about kind of the cellular market versus the gene therapy
market? How should we think about CapEx needs? Any customer concentration risks? And then as we
think about kind of the longer-term guidance of 10% to 15% for Biologics, what do you think the cellular
therapy market opportunity could do to that growth rate?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Sure. A lot there, Tycho. So let me just step back and look at the big picture here. First of all, I think on
our acquisition of Paragon in the gene therapy space really gave us the confidence to enter into another
very fast-expanding space in cell therapy. When we take a look at the number of cell therapy trials that
are ongoing, it actually significantly exceeds those in the gene therapy area, and it's growing kind of in the
mid-teens growth rate.

I would say that from an acquisition standpoint, I would say that we have acquired MaSTherCell a little bit
earlier in the cycle than we have from a Paragon standpoint. So obviously, a smaller acquisition compared
to Paragon, but I would say we're probably catching it 2 to 3 years earlier in the cycle. So they're still
early on. They've got a very strong position. I would say they're really the leading stand-alone cell therapy
CDMO player, and they've got some tremendous capability. I would say from a customer standpoint, I
think it's very similar to our acquisition of Paragon where you've got a couple of marquee base customers
there, but then have behind that, a broad slate of overall customers, both in the autologous as well as the
allogeneic area.

From a CapEx standpoint, I would say that on a comparative basis to Paragon, they're smaller numbers
based upon the overall technology, but it is going to require some additional CapEx for us to build out
the commercial facilities that they already have started in the Belgian area as well as the preclinical and
clinical facility they have in Houston and an anticipated additional commercial facility there. So we've
anticipated that in terms of looking at our CapEx going forward, which Wetteny can further detail out.

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Tycho, the one thing I would add is, as John mentioned in his prepared commentary, MaSTherCell
is in the midst of expanding clinical operations with a new facility in the U.S. in addition to a commercial
facility that they're in the middle of in Europe. So as those come on and ramp up, we would expect to
attract even more customers into the business as we continue to scale it from a customer standpoint.

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then just one follow-up on oral and specialty. You talked about the delays in product approvals
and maybe some pressure there for the next couple of quarters. I guess should we be modeling that
business down then the next couple of quarters? And is -- when does Zydis Ultra start to kind of contribute
as well? Is that going to be beneficial at all?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Yes. So in terms of the remainder of the year, I would say, given my prepared commentary here, I would
expect some continued headwind for the OSD segment for the balance of the fiscal year. That's all factored
into the guidance that we just gave as well for the year, just giving you some additional color there.
Although I would expect the business to show sequential improvement quarter-on-quarter. From a growth
rate standpoint, it would still be a headwind for the balance of the year.

In terms of Zydis Ultra, as we've talked about, this is an exciting area for us to expand the base of our
Zydis offering to be able to bring on molecules with bigger drug loading than we did before. We have gone
through pilot stages, proving that the technology can work. We are in the midst of a capital expansion to
scale that to commercial levels and have already signed a number of programs with customers to leverage
that technology. But this is factored into our long-term confidence in this business segment as well in
terms of its ability to grow at the 5% to 7% in the long term. But those are -- in terms of Zydis Ultra,
we're talking further out before we'd start to see meaningful revenue from Zydis Ultra.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Brennan with UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter and the deal. First, just on Paragon, just -- can you give us a little flavor? It
came in better than we expected this quarter, I guess, not surprising given the commentary intra-quarter
and the overall market. But can you give us a little flavor for kind of what you're seeing there? And then
secondarily, can you kind of clarify a little bit on the increased CapEx plans, kind of any clarification on
kind of what the future revenue contribution as you build-out the capacity in Paragon? Because I know,
John, you've alluded to that in your prepared remarks.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Yes. Yes. So first of all, I would just say that it continues to be an incredibly robust, I dare say, hot
market from a gene therapy standpoint. We're seeing significant numbers of customers coming to us for
both development programs as well as for, I would say, longer-term clinical and potential commercial
manufacturing capacity. So what has ended up happening since we announced the deal is that we've been
able to model out the existing CapEx expenditures and capacity. And with some additional supporting
CapEx, we're going to actually be able to drive overall revenues long-term into Paragon that are above the
actual deal model. We're not specifying out here what that additional revenue potential is, but I would just
say that it is -- it's meaningful, and obviously, we're looking out through over a 4- to 5-year period.

I would just say, in general, again, very robust, very robust marketplace. And I think what we're
extremely excited about is that with the acquisition of Paragon and now MaSTherCell, that we now have
platforms in those areas where additional M&A isn't required for us to build out those platforms, and we're
much more in control now being able to invest CapEx to drive further growth. So I think those really
provided us some strong anchors in the gene and cell therapy space. It really will position Catalent as the
leader in gene and cell therapy from a CDMO standpoint.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. And then maybe just as a follow-up, just on MaSTherCell, I know -- follow up on Tycho's first
question. But just are you disclosing anything related to financials today, whether it be trailing 12 month
or kind of any kind of forward outlook for revenues and EBITDA, number one? And then number two, can
you just clarify, like how would you characterize what is MaSTherCell's key differentiated product and their
services. I mean, looking on the website, obviously, it looks like they're a leader. But could you just speak
to maybe what are the areas we should focus in on as kind of where they're the leader?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Sure. So I'll first start off and say that MaSTherCell has deep scientific expertise as it pertains to cell
therapy in the areas of multiple cell types and for both autologous and allogeneic. So as you know,
autologous is basically where you take a patient's own materials, you modify them and you grow them and
then ultimately reintroduce them into the patient. So it's basically one batch, one patient, if you will.

And then -- and on the allogeneic front, it's where you can take, I would say, donors' materials and
then do that modification and scale up and then provide multiple doses for multiple patients. So you can
imagine that the scientific expertise to be able to do that is fairly significant. And MaSTherCell is doing
that at a preclinical and also at the clinical level. So we really do believe that we have acquired the leading
stand-alone cell therapy CDMO business. And again, we're positioned with Paragon and now MaSTherCell
to be the leader -- leading CDMO from a cell and gene therapy standpoint.

And I'll let Wetteny weigh in on with regards to the financial questions.

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So a couple of things. One, in terms of what differentiates the business, in addition to what John just
laid out, working across both autologous and allogeneic, I would say not only do they have the technical
capabilities, but the versatility to work across a number of different formats that are, I would say, going
after some of the leading cell therapies out there. And I think their versatility is what MaSTherCell is well-
known for in terms of their customers.

With respect to revenue, we're not giving any additional guidance. What I would say here is, we'll give
more after we close this transaction, which we would anticipate by the time we connect again for earnings
call for the third quarter. But as I said in the prepared comments, even if we were to close -- regardless
of when we close the transaction, it will not have meaningful impact on this year. From an EBITDA
standpoint, it won't for the next [ few ] years. So I would put it as a relatively small revenue number and
EBITDA number for the year.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And maybe just one quick one. Wetteny, on the outlook for organic growth this year, did that change at all
in the midst of your raising the revenue guidance?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

No. While we raised guidance in total, driven largely by our gene therapy business and its continued
growth that we see in addition to adding Anagni to the totals, the organic estimate remains the same
in terms of growth rate. And as a reminder, from a revenue standpoint, that's 4% to 7%. And from an
adjusted EBITDA standpoint, it's 9% to 12%.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So a follow-up on your response to Dan's question. As we think about the goals to achieve 50% of
revenue mix being Biologics, which you reiterated today, should we interpret your comments as with the
assets that you have now, you think that you can achieve it just through organic growth? If you can talk a
little bit about where is the market growing and versus your growth rates?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So first of all, in terms of the 50%, that is correct with the businesses we have today and the organic
capital deployment. And just as a reminder, we not only have capital deployment in our base drug product

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

and drug substance businesses, which we announced just over a year ago. We also have the Paragon
gene therapy business, which we continue to deploy capital into in terms of driving and responding to
the demand that we see in the market from a gene therapy perspective. And now with the MaSTherCell
announcement today, we'll be continuing to have a larger proportion of our growth stemming from our
now broad biologics offerings. And so as we look today, based on the organic growth across the business,
we can see Biologics representing approximately 50% of our revenues 5 years out.

Now as John said, to get to the estimate of $4.5 billion by 2024, that contemplates not only organic
growth, but also certain strategic inorganic investments. But the percentage of Biologics, we can see us --
or we do to that from the organic growth of the current businesses.

I just want to say in terms of what we see in the markets today, the second part of your question, I think,
clearly, given the confidence that the Board has to approve yet more CapEx to go into gene therapy,
I would say the demand there is even better than we saw heading into the acquisition. And now with
MaSTherCell, we'll have even more capabilities across the modalities that are driving quite a bit of R&D
spending and clinical programs to hopefully lead to even more commercial in the future. So I would say
from a demand standpoint, we see strength there.

I would say, in our legacy businesses, you can see that we've gotten off to a very strong start in the
first half of the year, which positions us very well to deliver on the year at growth rates across our base
businesses that I would say are above the levels, at least for the first half year, that we would have said
for those base businesses when you don't factor in Paragon. So I just wanted to finish that, and then I'll
take your next question.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So when we think about the rest of business and we think about Softgel, I think 8% adjusted organic
growth rate, so can you just talk about how this compares to your expectation heading into the year? And
what percent of that growth is coming from year-over-year comparison versus sustainable demand?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So our Softgel and Oral Technologies segment has posted very strong growth here in the first half
of the year organically. We've said that this is a business, having moved a couple of facilities into this
segment last quarter, we said this is a business that would, long term, deliver between 3% and 5%. So
that's up from 2% to 4% we were saying for Softgel.

I would say that we've seen strength, and it's stemming from how we ended last fiscal year. Having had
some very good launches on the prescription side of the business, we continue to see strong growth from
a consumer perspective across Europe and Latin America, which we would have anticipated coming into
the year. So I would say, this is slightly above our expectations, but some of this work we saw coming.

In terms of comparison, in the second quarter compared to last year, if you recall, we were really facing
into headwinds related to the worldwide ibuprofen shortage. And the second quarter was, I would say, the
most pronounced impact. And so when you compare this year, second quarter versus last year, I would
probably put about 2 points of growth coming from a comparison related to that issue itself. And so you
would still be with a business that's growing above long term what we would expect the business to be in
the quarter. But again, those long-term growth rates are just that. They're expected to be long term, and
any quarter can be in that range, above or below it, which is our expectations given the long cycle of the
business and what we expect that we're giving. But we're very pleased with the performance of the SOT
business. But again, much of that we anticipated as we entered the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Wetteny, thanks for updating the CapEx plans. As we think about -- obviously, I would assume you're
going to have elevated CapEx for a little bit given all of the expansion in Biologics. Should we think about
that total kind of growing in line with overall revenues or maybe growth in the Biologics segment?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

So yes, we have taken our CapEx expectations now from 11% to 12% up to 13% to 14% given what
we've already discussed around the demand we're seeing across our gene therapy business and increased
capital deployment to capitalize on that. And so I would -- while we're not giving guidance for next year
yet, we will do so when we post our results for the full fiscal year. One can anticipate, given that these are
1- to 2-year -- closer to 2-year expansion projects for the most part, that we'll continue to see this level
for another year here.

In terms of what that translates into for growth, I think we've already given what we said around the
growth rates that we expect of our Biologics business long term. We're already at fairly robust growth
expectations for the business. These capital deployments tend to run a couple of years and then there's a
time to ramp up as well. So I'm not going to give any further guidance on a -- from a revenue perspective
other than what we said for this current year, and what we've said for long term. And as we get into each
year, we'll be in position to give you more clarity on the upcoming year.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. And a follow-up to that. Can you talk a little bit about kind of the order backlog nature of both
gene therapy and cell therapy? Can we think about these new capital expansion plans as being effectively
prebooked?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

So I think what -- the way I've described this business is really -- you have largely programs that are
still in the clinic here. And those can be, as you know, variable -- some variability and lumpiness around
clinical programs in the typical stages. But what we're seeing, particularly in the gene therapy business,
is the extreme tightness of supply is driving customers to enter into contracts with a essentially reserve
capacity. And that gives it a little bit of a longer visibility and increased booking as a percentage of what
we expect in the business that starts to feel almost quasi-commercial. So our visibility here, I would say, is
much better than we would typically see in a typical business that is largely clinical. And as we enter into
a year or at any point in time looking out over the next -- the quarters to come, we have better visibility
than we would typically see in a clinical program.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. And one last one on MaSTherCell, how long do you think it will take to get that asset to be
generating margins that would be sort of typical for the Biologics segment?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

So look, I think we've just announced the deal, so we won't provide a ton more color at this point. But
over the next several quarters, once we close the deal and we get to announcing expectations for the
following year, we can give you more color. But one thing we have said is while the business generates
a certain amount of EBITDA in its clinical operations that exist today, that EBITDA has been reinvested
in the -- in what I'll call the start-up costs for the commercial operations that it's building in Europe as
well as the new clinical site that it's growing in the U.S. So for the next 2 years, we're just not expecting
meaningful EBITDA at all from this business. And I just won't give you much further than that. I think,
certainly, given the highly technical and position that we see MaSTherCell has, which John and I described
earlier, we certainly anticipate that this is highly valuable to our customers and this is a business that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

should generate healthy EBITDA margins in the long term. But we just won't give you any more precision
than that today.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Windley with Jefferies.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Wanted to focus -- I wanted to try to focus on the performance, bridging the performance that we're
seeing in Biologics now to some of the more powerful impacts that, that can have over the long term.
So first of all, I think you've talked about Biologics getting to 50% of revenue prior. And today, you're
kind of putting more emphasis on the higher growth rate in gene therapy. You're adding cell therapy. I'm
wondering if those are, given the recency of providing that guidance, if those are just not enough to kind
of extend beyond the 50% that you've already said? Or could we anticipate that, that is possible?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Look, 5-years out, we're giving you our estimate in terms of what we see based on the businesses today.
As we've just announced the MaSTherCell deal today, and we're yet to close that, certainly, as we look
to deploy more capital into our gene therapy businesses, which are projects that, as I said, will take
better part of some years to execute, we will have more clarity out 5 years. But at this point, given we've
just recently given that estimate roughly around the time we made the Paragon acquisition, it was the
first time we said, look, we can see ourselves getting to 50% of our revenues in Biologics in 5 years'
time. We're not prepared today to move off of that estimate. But as we, again, execute on the capital
expansions and we continue to see what the demand is in the business, we'll have more clarity.

And one more point I'll make is we are not looking to become solely a biologics company. So we are also
making investments in our small molecule businesses across Softgel and Oral Technologies and our OSD
business. And as we do that, those also have the potential to perform in certain ways that would influence
what the percentage is overall. And so again, in both instances, we'll give you more clarity as we have
it, but we've only recently given you the estimate of 50%. We're not prepared to move off of that at this
point.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Right. That segues really nicely into my follow-up, which is, you mentioned -- earlier, I think John
mentioned that the $4.5 billion does include some inorganic strategic investment. Can you -- would you
be willing to quantify that? How much do you anticipate to be inorganic? And to the point that you just
made, would you expect that to be balanced across small and large molecule? Or is the bias a little bit
more toward large molecule as it had been with the last couple of transactions?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

So look, I -- first of all, in terms of looking at potential acquisitions and how we get to $4.5 billion, I think
you can do some calculations here. If you assume just the midpoint of our 6% to 8% organic growth rate
from where we will end this fiscal year, and you can start with the midpoint of the revised guidance we
just gave today, that will get you to a number. Again, you have other ends -- both ends of the spectrum
you can calculate. But if you take the midpoint, and I know we just announced the MaSTherCell deal, so
you would factor that in as well, it gets you to a number that you can back into what the rest would be
from an M&A standpoint.

In terms of where we're looking, certainly as we evaluate potential assets, we're looking at them across
both small and large molecule. We would have, I would say, a bias towards the faster-growing ends of
the market, which tend to be in biologics, where we would also see higher margins as well. But I would
not say that we're exclusively looking at large molecule biologics. But given now we have a great platform

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

with Paragon, and we're now getting ready to add MaSTherCell to that, I think there are a number of other
areas, related areas, that we would be very interested in, both from an organic perspective as well as
inorganic. And those could include lentivirus, plasmids and other areas that we've discussed previously
that will continue to influence where we get to 5 years out.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. Last question on margin. In Biologics, the longer-term focus there, I think, has been that with the
demand environment, with the growth and the utilization continuing to grow, that margins could be well
into the 30% range. We're certainly not seeing that. I think there's some transient costs. But wondered if
you could specifically talk to, like in the Paragon acquisition kind of running below the model margin in the
first couple of quarters reported, what are some of those transient costs? And how long will they last?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Look, I would say, first of all, if you look across Biologics, there are a few things to point to. We're
giving long-term ranges as to where we expect the business to be from an EBITDA margin perspective,
and we continue to have confidence in the business being able to do that, and the mix, again, driving
towards more Biologics. That's point number one.

In terms of near term and what we've seen over the last couple of quarters, in particular, I'll remind you
that right after we made the acquisition of Paragon, we also acquired 2 facilities from Novavax to augment
our front end and allow us to bring more programs into the business. And those, as we said, we would
expect to be margin dilutive for the first few quarters, a couple or few quarters out of the gate as we ramp
up and bring on more customers into those facilities. But strategically, absolutely the best move for us to
do, again, for the gene therapy business and for the Biologics segment at large. So as we expand, which
we are doing in Paragon, and we are doing across our, again, legacy Biologics businesses and drug product
and drug substance, and we make those expansions, it's not only the capital that we put in, it's also the
labor and other costs that we're bringing ahead of the volume coming in for those. I would expect that to
have an impact. This is where we see in the short term from an EBITDA margin perspective and certainly
within our expectations. But it's also within our expectations long term as we ramp up utilization across
those expanded capacity that we will get to the margins that we've said that the business will get to.

Operator

Our next question comes from Juan Avendano with Bank of America.

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

On the MaSTherCell deal, can you talk to us about how did you go about vetting their cell therapy
manufacturing capabilities at large scale, given that their drug product facility in Belgium and their facility
in Texas, I believe, are yet to be validated? And then can you call out by name, perhaps, who are some of
the biopharma customers with whom MaSTherCell is working with? And how these customers have fully
validated their cell therapy capabilities?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

So first of all, we don't discuss individual customers and won't do here. But I will say that like Paragon, we
have several well-known marquee customers that have come there, which I also used as a way to validate
the capabilities from both a scientific standpoint as well as from an overall manufacturing standpoint.

First, let's remember that what we're doing right now in cell therapy at MaSTherCell is at the preclinical
and the clinical stage. That being said, they're doing preclinical and clinical work for allogeneic, not just
autologous. About half the customers at the top of their list, if you will, from a Pareto standpoint are
working on allogeneic, and those are done at higher scales, but they're already being done at a clinical
level to be able to prove that out. So they have not yet fully built out their commercial manufacturing. It's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

-- they're building it out on the potential for a couple of customers that have several targets that could get
approval after going through clinical Phase I or at least go to that clinical Phase II, not approval, but go
into a larger scale, and that is ultimately what will go into their facility.

I'll also say that they've designed the facility from a flexible standpoint so that depending upon whether or
not they get approval for the larger scale. And when we talk larger, it's modestly larger from autologous
to going to the allogeneic. If some of those allogeneic targets don't hit, that they're going to be able to
repurpose it for autologous, so they'll have a somewhat, I would say, modestly lower revenue ramp. But
ultimately, they're tuned into being able to do both.

Last comment I'll make is that Catalent has a history of successful acquisitions, and that success is driven
by the very thorough due diligence that we do on all these assets. And I would say this is no different than
what we did with Paragon, Bloomington, Juniper, Accucaps, you can go down the entire list. So in addition
to our own experts, we also had engaged some -- and done some third-party work, some original work to
be able to vet out the overall industry. And I would just say that I'm highly confident that we've gotten a
great team and a great asset for the company that's going to be a new platform.

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Appreciate the color. And then another one on one of your leading indicators. Can you talk to us about
the trends that you're seeing in your NPI mix? I believe the revenue was -- NPI-related revenue was $27
million cumulatively this year, which is down a little bit over 50% on a year-over-year basis. And so if you
could talk to us about the outlook that you see based on this directional indicator given the mix trends
that might be happening there?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Juan, so look, as typical, we only give the estimate of what the revenue contribution would be for the
NPIs we have launched so far, so that's the contribution for the totality of the year. As we go through each
quarter and we launch more products, we can give more clarity around what those products will do for the
year.

The $27 million, I would put it right in the middle of the average for the company over the last few
years in terms of the contribution that we would have seen. Again, I wouldn't necessarily take that and
annualize it, but the rate that we're seeing right now is in line with what we typically see from those NPI
contributions. Last year was an abnormally high contribution given some of the bigger programs were
launched earlier in the year and had a bigger impact on the individual year. So I think when you look at
that metric, again, it's just -- it's a directional indicator. You also have to take into consideration the timing
of relevant products and launches, in terms of their relative size, can have an impact on year-over-year,
which is not necessarily an indication of a healthier or less healthy sort of product slate.

So again, last year was an abnormally high year in terms of contribution from NPIs. This year, I put it
more on the average, which is typically somewhere between $40 million and $60 million what we've seen
in terms of contribution from NPIs in any given year. Last year was closer to $100 million. So I'll cap it at
that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Donald Hooker with KeyBanc.

Donald Houghton Hooker
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

In terms -- to help us model your businesses out, can you maybe provide a little bit more clarity on sort of
the EBITDA margin trends at the Biologics segment? So it looked like -- I'm just trying to do some quick
math in terms of the contribution of Paragon, it seemed like that might have been dilutive to the margin? I
mean what's the right EBITDA margin for the gene therapy component there? And is that additive?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So let me give you a couple -- I referenced earlier a couple of things within the Biologics business, in
particular when you're looking at gene therapy, that contributed to some margin dilution as we brought
on 2 facilities that we bought from Novavax that we said would be dilutive in the first few quarters out
as we ramp up our business in those facilities. So I would say that's in line with our expectations. This
is what we're seeing from a gene therapy perspective, which continues to increase in terms of EBITDA
margin. As a reminder, if you look at what we've said publicly in 2018 calendar year, the business would
have -- generate somewhere in the teens in terms of EBITDA margin. And then for 2019, it would be in
the mid- to high 20s, and we expect the business to continue to climb in the long term to be in line with
our Biologics expectations overall. So the business is performing as we expected, a little bit of dilution
from those facilities that we brought on.

But the other thing I would say is our EBITDA margin expectations when we give them, whether it's for
the year or for the long term, do not necessarily indicate that each quarter will be exactly in line with
that. In particular, keep in mind that our business tends to have our preventive maintenance shutdowns
in the summer. And as we execute through the year, the third and fourth quarter, in particular, tend to
be where we have the most significant throughput in our factories, and we tend to drive higher EBITDA
margins in the fourth quarter than we do in any other quarter. So I would just keep that in mind, which I
would hold true across our biologics offerings as well in terms of how you would see that. Again, I would
not expect each quarter to be exactly in line with our long term. I would also point out that within our
Biologics business, we have more clinical programs, which tend to be a bit more variable than you see in a
more commercial operation, and that could drive different throughput from 1 quarter to the next as well.
We continue to be very confident in what the business will do long term as well as what we've stated the
business will do in the current fiscal year.

Donald Houghton Hooker
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Super. And then maybe a follow-up on the Biologics segment. Last quarter, you commented around sort
of the creation of a new marketing strategy, kind of stitching all these different offerings together and
now you're adding cell-based therapies to that. I guess you called it the OneBio Suite. It sounds like that
could maybe 2 plus 2 equals 5 here, whether it could be some cross-selling and additive -- kind of having
all these pieces together. Can you talk about maybe some reaction from some clients around sort of your
ability to maybe cross-selling traction or anything kind of around any different trajectory in that segment
from the OneBio Suite?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. The launch of our OneBio Suite offering, which leverages our capabilities across not only our Biologics
segment, which includes end-to-end solutions from cell lines, all the way through the drug product,
finished dose seeking and dosing patients; but it also includes our capabilities across bioanalytical and
what we do in our clinical supply business, where we are able to take those therapies all the way to the
clinic to dose the patients. So across the board, we've demonstrated that we're able to help customers
save time, which is extremely valuable to our customer base.

And so far, the reception has been very, very positive. We've even signed programs under this offering
already with customers. And I would say it is still a long -- this is a long-cycle business. And I would
expect over the long period of time for this to be more meaningful for us, but we're very pleased with the
initial reaction we're seeing so far.

Donald Houghton Hooker
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

And maybe a real quick one. On the development revenue, it looked like it was up, yes, I think you
commented 36% year-over-year. How much of that is organic?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

We don't have a split for you, but I would say there is a healthy portion of that, that is inorganic given the
Paragon is all inorganic, and Paragon is largely working with programs that are in the clinic. So I would
say that our acquisitions, particularly in gene therapy here, and now once we close MaSTherCell, that will
continue to contribute towards that development revenue bucket. So while I don't have a split for you, I
would say there's a large part of that, that is inorganic. Although organically, it's growing probably just
estimated to be in line with the overall organic growth that you're seeing in the business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jacob Johnson with Stephens.

Jacob K. Johnson
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Just one for me. Just on the outlook for viral vectors, there appears to be no shortage of demand right
now. But there was an announcement of a fairly significant investment in the space a few weeks ago. It
sounds like we're extremely supply-constrained in the near term, but just would be interested in your
latest thoughts on the outlook for the supply and demand of viral vectors as we look out over the next
couple of years.

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

So look, certainly, the demand that we're seeing with our current customer base in addition to work that
we have done here with consultants, really digging into the demand profile and what's anticipated in terms
of clinical programs and potentially commercial, we see a substantial difference between supply capacity
today and what's anticipated based on announcements versus what the demand will be across this
segment. So it's certainly of no surprise that others want to enter into this space and the announcement
that you are referring to being one of those.

We continue to be very pleased with what we're seeing. And in fact, the Board has approved additional
CapEx in this business given that demand. I would say that this is a highly technical business in terms
of execution. And our capabilities here with respect to Paragon, in particular, and their ability to really
execute on the product development as well as the actual process of attaching the genes to the vectors is
a particular area of strength in terms of go to market, and that's something that I would say is far harder
to build than the actual physical capacity build out, which may take a couple of years. But this strength
that I referred to from the development side, coupled with commercial scale, which we are continuing to
add in the business, I would say is a unique combination that, we believe, provide us a great position in
the market to grow either at the overall demand in the market or better, and we're not surprised to see
others enter into the space.

Operator

Our next question comes from Evan Stover with Robert W. Baird.

Evan Arthur Stover
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

A couple have been asked on CapEx, but I just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing anything here.
The CapEx goes up this year from 11% to 12% to 13% to 14%. I think that's another $50 million to $60
million of CapEx. But correct me if I'm wrong, I didn't actually hear any disclosure on this next Paragon
investment as to actual the total slug of capital being allocated to this or the number of suites that we're
expanding beyond 10. And I'm just wondering if I missed that or if that's just something you're not
disclosing because this is more of an open-ended type of authorization that you have from the Board on
this next round of Paragon investment.

Wetteny N. Joseph

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Senior VP & CFO

So what I would say is, you didn't miss anything. We didn't specifically disclose the amount, although you
can certainly, as you have already, calculate what that translates into for the current year. As we get into
guidance for fiscal year '21, which we will do when we issue our annual report, we will provide more color
in terms of what that translates to for next year, inclusive of gene therapy, but the rest of our business as
well.

I wouldn't say this is an open-ended authorization. We did see an opportunity to deploy more capital
into the current BWI campus that would allow us to get more throughput through that -- through those
suites. And that incremental CapEx is something that has been authorized by the Board to execute, and
we continue to evaluate where else we would deploy additional capital in the business and come out with
more color on that. But yes, we have raised our CapEx expectations for this year from 11% to 12% to
now 13% to 14%, again largely driven by the incremental capital we're deploying in our gene therapy
business.

Evan Arthur Stover
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Last one for me. Can you talk about the free cash flow expectations, previously 30% to 45% of
adjusted net income, that was a stronger operating cash flow quarter. So I'm wondering if that -- does
that still hold despite the higher CapEx spend?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. With the incremental CapEx spend, we are now estimating our percentage of free cash flow as a
percent of adjusted net income to be between 20% and 35%, whereas before, we were saying between
30% and 45%. So that's the revised number solely from the increased CapEx that we have discussed here
today.

Operator

I now show no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to John Chiminski for
closing remarks.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I'd
like to close by reminding you of a few important points: First, we're pleased with the performance of our
acquisitions, which drove the increase in our guidance. We're committed to delivering fiscal 2020 results
consistent with our updated financial guidance, and we're focused on continuing to drive organic growth
across all of our segments.

Second, it's a top priority to grow our world-class Biologics business and effectively integrate the premier
assets we're acquiring and deploy CapEx to further build our capacity and capability to help improve the
lives of patients and meet our customers' demand. As demonstrated with MaSTherCell, we continue to
evaluate acquisition targets to round out our capabilities. We look forward to continuing strong revenue
and adjusted EBITDA growth from our Biologics offerings.

Third, expanding the adjusted EBITDA margin of our overall business is a key focus area for this
management team as we drive towards expanding our margins to at least 28% in 2024. Finally,
operations, quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remain
a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and a
commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CATALENT, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

