Catalent, Inc. NYSE:CTLT
FQ4 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, August 30, 2021 12:15 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2021-

-FQ1 2022-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.11

1.16

4.50

0.68

2.86

3.04

6.29

3.42

1137.68

1188.00

4.42

994.47

3943.77

3998.00

1.38

4332.22

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-30-2021 12:46 PM GMT

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.37

0.56

0.75

1.11

0.43

0.63

0.82

1.16

16.22 %

12.50 %

9.33 %

4.50 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Paul Surdez
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Thomas P. Castellano
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jacob K. Johnson
Stephens Inc., Research Division

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael A. Gokay
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Sean Wilfred Dodge
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Catalent, Inc. Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2021
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Paul Surdez, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Paul Surdez
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, April. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to review Catalent's fourth
quarter and full fiscal year 2021 financial results. Joining me on the call today are John Chiminski, Chair
and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Castellano, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

In addition to reviewing our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 earnings release issued earlier this
morning, I also refer you to our other press release issued today announcing our agreement to acquire
Bettera Wellness, a leading developer and producer of gummy, soft chew and lozenges for nutraceutical,
functional and botanical extract products. Please see our agenda for today's call on Slide 2 of our
supplemental presentation, which is available on our Investor Relations website at investors.catalent.com.

During our call today, management will be making forward-looking statements and refer to non-GAAP
financial measures. It is possible actual results could differ from management's expectations. We refer
you to Slide 3 for more detail on forward-looking statements. Slides 4 and 5 discuss Catalent's use of non-
GAAP measures. Our just issued earnings release provides reconciliations to the most directly comparable
GAAP measures. Please also refer to Catalent's annual report on Form 10-K that will be filed with the SEC
today for additional information on the risks and uncertainties that may bear on our operating results,
performance and financial condition, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Now I would like to turn the call over to John Chiminski whose remarks will cover Slides 6 through 13 of
the presentation.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Paul, and welcome to the call. Fiscal 2021 was an extraordinary year for the entire world and
for Catalent. During the year, we achieved truly significant results financially, operationally and in terms
of making a meaningful impact on our global community, including accelerating our capacity expansions
and infrastructure, substantially expanding and deepening one of the best talent pools in the industry,
intensifying our long-standing commitment to sustainable practices and accelerating our growth strategy,
all while delivering record financial results.

We rose through the challenge of scaling our capacity to meet significant demand for vaccines and
treatments to address the COVID-19 pandemic and are on track to deliver well over 1 billion COVID-19
vaccine doses this calendar year. We've also continued to develop and manufacture a broad range of other
important medicines under difficult, unprecedented and rapidly changing global conditions.

Our top priority throughout the pandemic has been to keep our employees safe. And we continue to be
humbled by the dedication of the more than 17,000 members of our team around the world who have
enabled us to grow the company and deliver for our customers and their patients during this tumultuous
time. Through our shared experience navigating this pandemic, we've grown as individuals and as a
company, added substantial new capabilities and strengthened partnerships that together enhance our
ability to continue to develop and deliver products that help people live better, healthier lives.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

With that overview, I'll now provide a summary of our financials for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year
as well as operational highlights since our last earnings call. I'll then conclude my prepared remarks with
an overview of the acquisition of Bettera Wellness, which we announced this morning.

Our net revenue for the fourth quarter was $1.19 billion, increasing 25% as reported or 22% in constant
currency compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. When excluding acquisitions as well as the
divestiture of our blow-fill-seal business which closed in March, organic growth was 26% measured in
constant currency. Our adjusted EBITDA of $348 million for the fourth quarter increased 30% as reported
or 27% in constant currency compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 which includes organic growth
of 32% measured in constant currency. Our adjusted net income for the fourth quarter was $209 million or
$1.16 per diluted share, up from $0.90 per diluted share in the corresponding prior year period.

The Biologics segment, given the continued high demand for drug product, drug substance and viral-based
offerings, was again the top contributor to Catalent's financial performance with organic revenue growth
of 66% and segment EBITDA more than doubling from the fourth quarter of last year. Our Softgel and
Oral Technologies segment continued to experience some of the same pandemic-related headwinds in
the fourth quarter with net revenue down 1% over the fourth quarter of last year on a constant-currency
basis. However, margins improved year-over-year and so is our outlook as we're seeing business gradually
come back and we expect to return to organic growth in fiscal 2022.

Our Oral and Specialty Delivery segment had organic net revenue growth in the mid-teens. After
excluding the results due to the product in our respiratory platform that was voluntarily recalled last
September, in OSD, like SOT, we're also seeing that certain offerings within that segment impacted by the
pandemic are beginning to come back. And finally, our Clinical Supply Services segment posted over 20%
constant-currency net revenue growth and strong margin compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, a
comparison period that included widespread disruption to clinical trials during global lockdowns as a result
of the pandemic.

For our full fiscal 2021, net revenue and adjusted EBITDA came in at record levels, driven by robust
growth in our Biologics business, which represented 48% of our net revenue in the year. Fiscal 2021 net
revenue was $4 billion and constant-currency organic growth was 25% compared to the prior fiscal year.
We estimate approximately 18 percentage points or more than $550 million of our organic growth last
year was derived from the net impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, after factoring in the amount of net
revenue generated from COVID-19 projects against opportunity costs and pandemic-related headwinds
that were created in some of our service offerings. Adjusted EBITDA exceeded $1 billion, resulting in
constant-currency organic growth of 32% compared to fiscal 2020. We also increased our adjusted
EBITDA margin to 25.5%, up 120 basis points from the 24.3% adjusted EBITDA margin in fiscal 2020.

To meet our commitments to our customers and their patients, a number of Catalent facilities have been
operating 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for more than a year. At the same time, we've increased our
workforce from 14,000 at the end of the last fiscal year to more than 17,000 today to meet our growing
production volume. As we've said on past calls, COVID-19 has not only accelerated our strategic plan
but also accelerated returns on the strategic investments we've made, enabling us to put additional cash
to work to continue to drive our long-term growth. Let me update you on some of these capacity and
capability investments.

As you know, our 950,000-square-foot facility in Bloomington, Indiana plays a critical role in the global
vaccine production effort. Over the last year, we brought online 2 new vial filling lines now dedicated
to the manufacture of products for 2 of our COVID-19 vaccine customers. We're also qualifying a high-
speed syringe filling line at the site. This project was first announced in January 2019 and is expected
to be operational in the next several months, in line with our original plan. Given the strong demand for
biotherapeutic manufacturing, we will continue to invest in additional drug product and drug substance
capacity at our Bloomington campus.

Our 300,000-square-foot facility in Anagni, Italy, also continues to make significant contributions to the
global supply of COVID-19 vaccines for multiple customers. The additional high-speed vial filling line we've
accelerated for our vaccine customer is expected to be operational before the end of this calendar year.
Last month, we announced a $100 million expansion project at our Anagni facility to add biologics drug

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

substance manufacturing capabilities to the site, establishing our first drug substance capacity outside of
the U.S. to support the growing European market demand for biologics manufacture and supply.

The initial phase of the expansion includes installation of 2 2,000-liter single-use bioreactors within
new purpose-built manufacturing suites, associated investments to support clinical development and
investments that support late-stage and commercial tech transfers. This initial phase will also include the
installation of all the needed infrastructure for further expansion in the future. The initial bioreactors are
expected to be operational for customer projects late in fiscal 2023. Later phases of the planned expansion
contemplate creating 16,000 liters of total flexible manufacturing capacity, enabling 2,000-liter to 8,000-
liter batches.

Also in Europe, we announced last summer further investments in our facility in Limoges, France to create
a European center of excellence for clinical biologics formulation development and drug product fill/finish
services. These investments are on track to be completed by the end of fiscal 2022. The modernization
of the 56,000-square-foot facility includes the installation of a high-speed flexible line capable of filling
vials, syringes or cartridges under isolator technology as well as enhancements to its analytical and quality
control laboratories. Our new center of excellence in Limoges will strengthen Catalent biologics' global
and European capacity and will also serve as the feeder for additional services at our Anagni and Brussels
facilities.

Moving to our cell and gene therapy offerings. We continue to add both capabilities and related capacity.
We entered the cell therapy market in February of 2020 and have rapidly built our infrastructure and
capabilities. We recently completed the build-out of our GMP cell therapy suites in Houston, Texas and
have begun manufacturing for clinical supply. We're also progressing the build-out of our commercial-scale
cell therapy manufacturing facility in Gosselies, which is on track to open in late fiscal 2022.

We also continue to identify inorganic opportunities to grow our cell and gene therapy platform. Recently,
we acquired RheinCell Therapeutics, a developer and manufacturer of GMP-grade human induced
pluripotent stem cells or iPSCs. Importantly, iPSCs are an ethically sourced substitute for embryonic
stem cells and have shown significant promise in regenerative medicine for a wide range of therapeutic
indications. RheinCell expands our existing custom cell therapy process development and manufacturing
capabilities with proprietary GMP cell lines for iPSC-based therapies and enables us to offer the building
blocks to scale iPSC-based cell therapies while reducing the barriers cell therapy innovators would
otherwise face to gain entry into the clinic.

In February, we entered into the plasmid DNA market through the acquisition of Delphi Genetics, also
located in Gosselies, now part of our European cell therapy center of excellence, together with the launch
of plasmid DNA development and manufacturing capability through an organic investment at our Rockville,
Maryland facility. We've since further expanded our European cell therapy center of excellence on our
Gosselies campus with the acquisition of an additional 32,000-square-foot facility. This facility provides
us with the capacity for commercial-scale plasmid DNA manufacturing up to 500 liters scale. With the
integration of plasmid DNA into our overall cell and gene therapy offerings, choosing Catalent will allow
customers to derisk their supply chains and optimize their programs along the entire development
pipeline.

In gene therapy, viral vector manufacturing capacity continues to be in high demand for the growing
number of gene therapy compounds currently in the industry's development pipeline as well as for
manufacturing viral-based COVID-19 vaccines. In fiscal 2021, we completed the build-out of commercial-
scale manufacturing suites in the first building at our Maryland gene therapy campus. To meet the
increasing demand we see, we're now outfitting the adjacent building to include at least 5 additional cGMP
suites, a project that remains on track for completion by this time next year.

Before reviewing the Bettera acquisition, I'd like to highlight our expanding corporate responsibility
and ESG commitments and the additional progress we've made since our last update. As a leader in
the growing CDMO industry, we understand the need to demonstrate our shared commitment, sense of
urgency and value and contributing to the long-term sustainability of the entire biopharma sector. In June,
I shared our long-term sustainability plans at the Biopharma CEO Investor Forum, and I encourage you to
watch the presentation on our IR website.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

Since then, we formalized our commitment to the Science-Based Target initiative, joining a growing list
of companies setting actionable science-based greenhouse gas emission reduction targets to limit global
warming. This commitment includes calculating and reducing direct and indirect emissions even as the
company continues to evolve and grow. One of our first actions after making this commitment was to
ensure that the energy we purchase for all our sites in North America, South America and Europe as well
as the majority of our sites in Asia is coming from renewable resources. As a result of our actions, 97% of
our electricity usage across the enterprise is now procured from renewable energy sources such as wind,
solar, hydro and biomass, an achievement that will contribute to our overall greenhouse gas reduction
efforts. We will incorporate our work on science-based targets into our annual ESG report for fiscal 2021,
which we expect to publish in the first quarter of calendar 2022.

While I'm very proud of the items I just mentioned and the many other items that have become part of
Catalent's ESG progress over the last several years, there's still more work to do. For example, some
of our top ESG goals for fiscal 2022 include continuing to improve employee diversity at all levels of the
organization and meeting our commitment to be landfill-free by the end of fiscal 2024.

Now on to Slide 9. We're pleased to announce our agreement to acquire Bettera Wellness. We've been
seeking the right opportunity to expand our participation in the nutraceuticals and nutritional supplements
market for quite some time, leveraging the accelerated growth dynamics of the space. Bettera is a leading
developer and manufacturer of consumer-preferred gummies, soft chews and lozenges for nutraceutical,
functional and botanical extract products. And they have 4 fit-for-purpose production facilities in the U.S.

There is no question that Bettera is one of the leading independent suppliers in this high-growth capacity-
constrained portion of the market. Within this space, Bettera is well known for its ability to partner with
its customers to develop and manufacture a variety of high-quality delivery formats with differentiated
flavors and superior consumer experience. It's clear to us that the specialized expertise that the team will
be bringing on is unparalleled, and Bettera's customer relationships reflect that.

The acquisition will enable Catalent and specifically our Softgel and Oral Technologies or SOT segment
to expand our substantial existing consumer health platform with the fastest growing wellness product
offerings in this area and also expand our ready-to-market product library as well as provide a variety
of packaging options to meet customer needs. We're excited to have this opportunity to strengthen our
partnerships with our customers across gummies, soft chews and lozenges going forward. As part of
today's announcement, we are also increasing our expectations for our long-term revenue growth rate for
our SOT segment from 3% to 5% to 6% to 8%, given the strength of our advanced offerings and product
libraries and supported by the significant growth contributions that we expect from Bettera.

Moving to the transaction details. We've agreed to acquire Bettera for $1 billion on a debt-free, cash-free
basis, and we expect to close the transaction within the first half of this fiscal year. Today, the company
generates approximately $150 million in sales at attractive margins, reflecting its premium offerings, and
is growing at over 20% annually. We expect similar growth over the next several years.

We plan to fund the acquisition with a combination of cash on hand, a partial drawdown of our revolving
credit facility and potentially the issuance of new debt with a resulting net leverage ratio of approximately
3.1x at close. Like in some of our other recent acquisitions, we expect significant deleveraging in the near
to medium term following closing and expect to maintain ample firepower for further strategic M&A. From
an earnings perspective, we expect the acquisition to be accretive to ANI per share in the first year after
close and significantly accretive thereafter.

At Catalent, we pride ourselves in our ability to bring in new talent and capabilities, and we're looking
forward to seamlessly integrating Bettera and welcoming its team of approximately 500 experienced
and knowledgeable employees and formulators to Catalent. On the integration front, we've developed a
detailed plan to support and accelerate Bettera's in-flight growth plans and have already identified work
streams and leaders for integration.

Let me now share some additional capability information and market trends, as covered on Slide 11. As
I mentioned, we've been seeking the right entry point into the nutraceutical gummies, soft chews and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

lozenges market for some time. Importantly, Bettera is one of the few at-scale independent manufacturers
in the market today and is a market leader across all 3 categories.

In addition to Bettera's end-to-end solutions from development to commercial manufacturing and
packaging, Bettera has an extensive library of ready-to-market formulations to accelerate product
launches for partner brands. Importantly, Bettera has the ability to produce gummy formulations with
both gelatin and plant-based technologies with kosher, halal, organic and other certifications. Bettera also
produces soft chews and in particular soft chews using the cold process, which is ideal for protecting heat-
sensitive ingredients. Our consumer health customers are constantly asking Catalent for new formats in
addition to our product library and specifically ask about gummies and other engaging formats for their
nutritional supplement and nutraceutical product concepts. We view Bettera as an innovation engine for
emerging high-growth brands, and we're excited to begin working with our customers in this area going
forward.

One of the reasons we're focused on investing in these areas is that we believe Bettera is at the
intersection of macro consumer health trends with innovative delivery systems growing at roughly 4x
the pace of the traditional market. I would also note that about 2/3 of this capacity-constrained market
is outsourced today. While the market for traditional delivery systems remains large, the innovative
segment's recent explosive growth has increased its portion of the nutraceuticals market to close to $17
billion today, measured at the retail level, more than doubling its market size over the last 5 years. And
we expect Bettera to grow in excess of the innovative market as a whole in the near to medium future.

Finally, a new subject I want to emphasize. At Catalent, we always have room to add leading high-growth
premium CDMO franchises to our business. Bettera is the latest example in our tradition of high-growth
and earnings-accretive strategic M&A, and we're excited to begin working with Bettera's employees and
customers.

I'll conclude my opening comments by saying that Catalent prides itself on a track record of successfully
identifying, acquiring and integrating world-class businesses with leading manufacturing and development
capabilities. Over the last several years, we've transformed our portfolio, expanding capacity and
capabilities across our service offerings. We're proud of the work we've accomplished. Our future has
never looked brighter.

As I look across our entire portfolio, I note again that we remain on track to meet or beat our goal of
achieving 50% of our 2024 net revenue from our Biologics segment. We continue to forecast long-term
growth in that segment in the range of 10% to 15%. Based on our confidence and the growth we foresee
across all of our segments, we're raising our projected consolidated long-term net revenue growth rate to
8% to 10% from the previous 6% to 8%, which we expect will be coupled with continued EBITDA margin
expansion. We're confident in our trajectory and believe our announcement today is a testament to how
our employees and partners have helped Catalent position itself for continued long-term growth.

I'm now very happy to welcome Tom Castellano back to our earnings calls. As you know, Tom previously
served as the company's Investor Relations Officer through 2019 and was promoted on June 1 as CFO
from his most recent role as Global Vice President of Operational Finance. Welcome back, Tom.

Thomas P. Castellano
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, John. I'll begin this morning with a discussion on segment performance, where commentary
around segment growth will be in constant currency. I'll start on Slide 13 with Biologics, our largest
business segment, which represented 48% of our net revenue in fiscal 2021 compared to 33% in fiscal
2020 and half of our net revenue in the fourth quarter compared to 38% in the fourth quarter of last year.

Biologics net revenue in Q4 of $603 million increased 66% compared to the fourth quarter of 2020,
with segment EBITDA increasing 112% over the same period. All net revenue growth was essentially
driven organically, and EBITDA growth was slightly impacted by 1% due to costs associated with scaling
and integrating the cell therapy and plasmid DNA acquisitions we closed in fiscal 2021. The robust
organic growth in our Biologics segment in the quarter was again driven by high demand across segment

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

offerings, including drug product, drug substance and viral vector manufacturing, along with bioanalytical
services. The increase was primarily driven by COVID-19-related projects, which continue to contribute to
both development and commercial revenue growth.

The segment's EBITDA margin increased significantly year-on-year to just under 31% compared to 24.3%
in Q4 of last year, which is primarily attributable to increased capacity utilization and higher volumes
manufactured. In fiscal 2022, we expect the Biologics segment will continue to grow net revenue at a
double-digit pace, though not near the 88% growth rate the segment recorded in fiscal 2021.

Please turn to Slide 14, which represents results from our Softgel and Oral Technologies segment. Softgel
and Oral Technologies net revenue of $301 million decreased 1% compared to the fourth quarter of 2020,
with segment EBITDA increasing 6% over the same period. This slight decline in net revenue continued
to be driven by reduced volume demand for certain prescription products as well as lower demand for
consumer health products particularly for cough, cold and over-the-counter pain relief products. However,
over the last couple of months, we have seen business begin to recover and expect the return to growth in
fiscal 2022 as contemplated in our guidance. EBITDA margin in SOT grew 220 basis points over the fourth
quarter of 2020 due to an increase in productivity and favorable product mix.

Slide 15 shows the results of our Oral and Specialty Delivery segment, which were again impacted by the
voluntary recall of a single product in our respiratory platform in September 2020 that we have previously
discussed. As previously reviewed, this product had notably strong sales in Q4 of last year following its
February 2020 launch and also included a product participation component, creating difficult comparisons
over the periods. There was an additional $3 million in recall-related costs recorded in the fourth quarter,
bringing the total to $32 million for the fiscal year.

With that background, the OSD segment recorded net revenue of $186 million in the quarter, which was
down 19% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Segment EBITDA was $63 million, a 29% decline
over the fourth quarter of 2020. When factoring out the net impact from the divestiture of our blow-fill-
seal business and the acquisition of Acorda's spray drying facility in February, organic revenue declined 4%
and segment EBITDA declined 11%. Further, if you back out the revenue from the recalled product in the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the OSD segment would have shown mid-teens revenue growth this quarter,
driven by growth in both commercial and development revenue. The OSD segment's fourth quarter results
reflect continued momentum in our Zydis proprietary platform, which grew nicely despite some lingering
consumer health pandemic-related headwinds.

Each quarter, we disclose our long-cycle development revenue in the current year in order to provide
additional insight into our long-cycle segments, which includes Biologics, Softgel and Oral Technologies
and Oral and Specialty Delivery. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we reported development revenue across
both small and large molecule products of $538 million, which is 51% above the development revenue
recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Development revenue, which includes net revenue from
certain COVID-19-related products approved for emergency use, represented 45% of our revenue in
the fourth quarter compared to 37% in the comparable period in the prior year. The strong growth
in our Biologics business includes growth from the manufacture of COVID-19 vaccines, and therapies
approved for emergency use was the biggest driver of the year-on-year changes. In the fourth quarter,
our development pipeline led to 47 new product introductions for a total of 139 in fiscal 2021.

As shown on Slide 16, our Clinical Supply Services segment posted net revenue of $105 million,
representing 21% growth over Q4 of 2020. This notable increase, while appropriately reflecting the many
positive aspects that work in the segment, should also be understood in the context of the segment's
decreased performance in the fourth quarter of fiscal '22 -- 2020 when the distribution and packaging
businesses were impacted by global lockdowns and clinical trial disruptions due to the pandemic. Segment
EBITDA was $31 million, a 35% increase compared to Q4 of fiscal 2020 and was driven by strong demand
in our manufacturing and packaging and storage and distribution offerings. Segment EBITDA margin was
29%, up 262 basis points over the fourth quarter of last year.

As of June 30, 2021, backlog for the CSS segment was $501 million compared to $490 million at the end
of last quarter and up 18% from June 30, 2020. The segment recorded net new business wins of $119

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

million during the fourth quarter, a 14% increase compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year. The
segment's trailing 12-month book-to-bill ratio stood at 1.3x.

Moving to company-wide adjusted EBITDA on Slide 17, our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 30%
to $348 million or 29.3% of net revenue compared to 28.3% of net revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal
2020. On a constant-currency basis, our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 27% compared to the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. As shown on Slide 18, fourth quarter adjusted net income was $209 million
or $1.16 per diluted share compared to adjusted net income of $154 million or $0.90 per diluted share in
the fourth quarter a year ago.

Slide 19 shows our debt-related ratios and our capital allocation priorities. Our net leverage was 2.2x at
June 30 compared to 2.3x at March 31. We expect the acquisition of Bettera to increase our net leverage
ratio possibly to as high or just slightly above our target ratio of 3x because we will fund the acquisition
using the combination of $967 million of cash on hand and other liquid assets we are reporting as of June
30, a partial drawdown of the more than $700 million of capacity we are reporting as available as of June
30 under our revolving credit facility and potentially the issuance of new debt. We will naturally delever
from there, providing us with plenty of flexibility to continue to pursue organic and inorganic growth
opportunities. As just noted, our cash and cash equivalents balance at June 30 stood at $896 million, and
our marketable securities were $71 million, giving us liquid assets of $967 million compared to cash and
cash equivalents of $953 million and no marketable securities as of June 30, 2020.

Moving on. Our capital expenditures totaled $686 million in fiscal 2021 or approximately 17% of net
revenue. This is in line with our expectations as we accelerate our organic growth plans to meet customer
demand and patient needs, and we expect our level of capital expenditures to remain elevated as a
percentage of net revenue in fiscal 2022. Then we expect that CapEx will be approximately 15% to 16% of
2022 net revenue.

Free cash flow in fiscal 2021 was negative $253 million despite the higher level of EBITDA generated
in the last year. This was due to our increase in CapEx spending and the cost of pandemic-related
precautions such as increased inventory levels and other supply chain mitigation efforts as well as higher
net receivables. In fiscal 2022, we expect the return to positive free cash flow as a result of our strong
EBITDA growth and expected improvement in our working capital despite continuing significant CapEx
investments.

As a final note on the balance sheet, I want to call out a disclosure in our 10-K annual report to be filed
with the SEC later today. You will see that as of June 30, we have one large customer that represented
15% or $155 million of our net trade receivable balance. This is an unusually high concentration reflecting
a single point in time at the end of the fiscal year. I note that the customer significantly reduced this
balance in the date following the quarter close and the balance is now well below the 10% reporting
threshold.

Now in terms of our financial outlook for fiscal 2022, as outlined on Slide 20, which does not reflect the
just announced and still pending acquisition of Bettera, we expect full year net revenue in the range of
$4.3 billion to $4.5 billion, representing growth of 8% to 13% compared to fiscal 2021. FX is currently
expected to have a minimal impact on our revenue growth as the decline in euro is offset against the
increase in British pound. We project that revenues from preexisting M&A activity will negatively impact
our growth rate by 1 to 2 percentage points as the divestiture of the BFS business more than offset the
multiple smaller acquisitions completed in fiscal 2021. We project organic revenue growth in each of our
segments to within or above the long-term growth range we have previously disclosed for each segment,
leading to revenue growth at or above our new long-term revenue growth range of 8% to 10%.

For full year adjusted EBITDA, we expect a range of $1.13 billion to $1.2 billion, representing growth of
11% to 18% compared to fiscal 2021. I would like to remind you of the seasonality nature of our business
where revenue and EBITDA generation is more weighted to the back half of the fiscal year.

We expect full year adjusted net income to be $585 million to $650 million, representing growth of 7% to
18% compared to fiscal 2021. We also expect our fully diluted share count on a weighted average basis
for fiscal 2022 to be in the range of 181 million to 183 million shares. This projection counts all Series A

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

convertible preferred shares as if all were converted to common shares in accordance with their terms. We
expect our consolidated effective tax rate to be between 23% and 25% for fiscal 2022.

Now I'd like to close with a few comments regarding the revenue contribution from our array of COVID-19
response products. First, all of that revenue is considered organic revenue. Second, we now expect,
particularly in light of the need to produce vaccine booster shots that address the growth in variant forms,
that this revenue will have a multiyear duration. Third, as John said in his opening comments, our net
COVID-related revenue in fiscal 2021 totaled more than $550 million.

While we do not plan to disclose a forecast for growth related to COVID revenue in fiscal '22, given the
capacity we have dedicated to COVID-19 projects that we brought online in the last 9 months, we do
expect continued growth from our work related to COVID-19 projects. In addition, we now see innovative
vaccines, particularly the newer gene-based vaccines, as a long-term strategic product area for Catalent
given the substantial partnerships we have built in this space due to pandemic.
Operator, this concludes our prepared remarks. And we would now like to open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'll start with one on Bettera. It looks like this is basically 100% over-the-counter. Is that correct? And
then can you maybe just talk about how much of this was just about broadening the portfolio? Or is there
a chance you could leverage some of the technology into your kind of branded business as well?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So first of all, this is clearly in the nutraceutical and nutrition category so there are no prescription
products in there. And just as a reminder, you know this well, Tycho, that Catalent is a leading
pharmaceutical services provider for both biopharmaceutical companies and consumer health. So we've
always had incredibly strong consumer health franchises. If you go into any CVS or Walgreens and just
peruse the aisles, you're going to see Catalent -- franchises that Catalent has from a liquid gel standpoint
as well as many other products that people don't know are being manufactured by Catalent. So this has
always been somewhere between 20% and 30% of our overall soft gel business and has been absolutely
terrific.

We've been looking to get into this area, honestly, for the last 4 to 5 years. We've recognized it as an
incredibly high-growth area. And we believe given the know-how and expertise we have from an overall
gelatin standpoint, we thought that we might be able to do this organically. But the truth of the matter
is, is there's significant know-how and capabilities somewhat different from what we do in softgels that
necessitated us to go and actually acquire one of the leading businesses in this overall area. What we
also love about it is that given the strong relationships that we have with leading consumer health care
companies that we're already partnered with from a VMS standpoint, that we're going to be able to
leverage those relationships.

And then the last thing I will tell you is this is a capacity-constrained area and high growth. And what
Catalent does -- just like we did with Cook Pharmica, just like we did with Paragon, just like we're doing
in MaSTherCell in the cell therapy area, Catalent is an operating company that does things to scale. So we
acquire assets and we -- given the fact that this is a capacity-constrained area, we really believe that we
can grow this business into the leading manufacturer of this unique delivery platform. And honestly, the
margins are incredibly attractive.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And then on guidance. In the near term, obviously, you're not providing any
guidance around COVID. I'm just curious though. The White House is actually talking about an aggressive
booster rollout plan starting next month. Is that kind of baked into the near-term outlook? And do you
think the COVID tailwinds could be higher or in line or below what you saw in '21?

And then longer term, you're not really kind of quantifying the EBITDA margin expansion. Previously, you
talked about 8% to 11%. I'm just curious if you could give us any kind of directional color there.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. So first of all, it's becoming increasingly clear that COVID vaccines and also boosters are going
to be part of the way forward here. Literally, when we're sitting with only 15% of the population of the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

world vaccinated and the variants coming out, we see -- as we've noted in our prepared remarks, that
vaccines are really going to become part of actually the core Catalent business.

I will tell you that all of the current contracts and take-or-pay and forecast that we have from our
customers with regards to the vaccines are contemplated in our current guidance. Obviously, there are
situations where that could actually go up. It just depends upon what actually happens there. But all of
the current information is currently baked into our overall guidance. So I'll turn over to Tom for the back
half of your questions.

Thomas P. Castellano
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I agree with everything John said there related to guidance. I would also add, Tycho, you're right,
we didn't specifically highlight long-term EBITDA growth rates but did speak to the continued margin
expansion we expect to see. As you remember, we mentioned working towards a 28% EBITDA margin
for the business by 2024. We continue to believe that's a good target and are on pace for that. And we'll
continue to see EBITDA growth rates in the long term exceeding that of revenue growth with the 8% to
10% revenue outlook we put out there.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then one last one before I hop off. On cell and gene, you highlighted a lot of
capacity expansion and the RheinCell deal as well. I'm just curious. As you look at your portfolio, do you
have what you need? Do you still see gaps?

And then you've talked in the past about favorable upfront economics, capacity reservation fees. Given a
lot of the capacity that's going to be coming online, do you think that model still holds?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

So first of all, I would just say that the dynamics in the gene and cell therapy space continue to be
extremely robust. I think over the last 2 years, we've really added critical pieces to our portfolio in the cell
therapy space, getting additional manufacturing facilities and capacity. We entered into the plasmid DNA
space. And now obviously, with the acquisition of RheinCell, we have our hands on kind of iPSC cell bank.
So we really think that we have a strong portfolio. But I will tell you that we have a very strong science
and technology team that is forward-looking and continue to understand where the technology is going
and where Catalent can add additional, I would say, technology and capabilities into its portfolio, and we're
going to continue to do that.

I would say that broadly speaking, in the biologics area, it's going to continue to take a large part of our
overall growth CapEx for the company because we continue to see extremely strong pipelines. And in
this business, as we have seen over and over again, if you have the right capacity at the right time, you
actually garner and win that business.

Our gene therapy business is moving much more mainstream in terms of making product to make
EBITDA. And I would say that the reservation fees that we -- that were a significant component of the
early part of the business, when they're -- when we were literally dealing with a handful of suites within
Catalent, it will be somewhat part of the model but it will not be the main part of the model. The bottom
line is when we have capacity, customers -- well, we're able to actually make the right deal in terms
of what we would call site preparedness, equipment preparedness. And if a customer has long-term
forecasts and wants suites from us for a certain period of time, we're absolutely going to go ahead and get
reservation fees.

But I would say that, that was much more of a model in the early days. And now we're moving towards a
model of just making literally hundreds, hundreds of batches in our gene therapy business. So now a lot of
the money is flowing from purely the work that we're doing versus pure reservation fees.

Operator
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

Your next question is from Jacob Johnson with Stephens.

Jacob K. Johnson
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. Maybe just a similar question with what Tycho just asked but asked in a different
way. The Bettera deal is a fairly significant deal to bolster the SOT segment after a variety of deals on the
Biologics side. I mean is this a signal that you have the majority of the biologics capabilities you need at
this point and we should think about the investments being largely organic on that side of the business for
the near term?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Well, clearly, I would say we're always on a hunt for great biologics assets, period. However, with the
platform that we have basically built through acquisition and added to from an organic standpoint, we
really believe we have a footprint where organic investment is going to continue to fuel our growth.

So in today's earnings prepared remarks, we talk about several significant expansions, whether it's in
Anagni, whether it's in Limoges. I will say there are significant CapEx projects going on all across Catalent.
And obviously, we're going to be seeing a high level of CapEx spend again this year. But Catalent really
does continue to be very active in the M&A market.

We do feel that we have really the right set of assets on the biologics front. And quite frankly, by being
able to pivot here with really an exciting acquisition that's going to bolster our SOT business segment from
3% to 5% to 6% to 8% at an incredibly attractive margin in a capacity-constrained environment, we're --
this is what Catalent does. We operate at scale. So Catalent's ability to scale up that business and drive to
be #1 in this innovative delivery platform is really what we have our sight set on.

So what I really do like about Catalent is it's a well-balanced business. And quite frankly, we've really
been taxing pretty aggressively through the pandemic and the vaccines on our Biologics and gene therapy
segment. And now this allows us in our SOT segment and to some extent, our other segments to be able
to use our leadership to build out a part of the business that's always been core, a critical platform, has
paid the bills with cash flow for many, many years. Again, absolutely a terrific acquisition for us, and we're
excited to have the Bettera team as part of Catalent with their expertise and know-how.

Thomas P. Castellano
Senior VP & CFO

And Jacob, I would only add to this one just around the market growth. John said in his prepared remarks
as well as here around the attractiveness of the margins for Bettera, but they're actually accretive not only
to the SOT segment but to Catalent overall. So very strong financial profile here of the acquired business.

Jacob K. Johnson
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then maybe just a follow-up on that. John, you mentioned Anagni. You're adding drug
substance capabilities there. You have both substance and product capabilities. Can you just talk about the
synergies between having both those capabilities in a single [ campus ]?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Yes. No, it's a very big deal, and thank you for pointing out Anagni. First of all, I just want to just say
thanks to the Anagni leadership team. What they have done over the last 18 months has been absolutely
phenomenal. Here in the U.S., we talked a lot about our Bloomington site, but the Anagni site has literally
been a marquee site for the European COVID-19 vaccine efforts. And the team has really delivered
flawlessly, literally more than 100 million vaccine doses that have come out of there. So just a terrific
leadership team.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

I can tell you that the synergy between drug substance and drug product is huge. Actually, we have an
offering for it within Catalent. It's called OneBio. And our ability to basically do cell line engineering, do
drug substance, scale up into Phase I and then be able to put that into a finished drug dosage form --
format for clinical trials and then ultimately scale up for manufacturing is absolutely huge. There are
relatively few non-CDMOs that have that capability. Our biopharma customers, the large ones do. But from
a CDMO standpoint, I think Catalent is really up there with only maybe one other CDMO that is able to
have drug substance through drug product.

And even better if you can have it all in one campus, which is what we'll be able to do in Anagni. So we've
kind of announced the 2 2,000 liters, but we're going to have the ability, obviously, to scale that up much
more significantly. And I think you're going to see Catalent become an extremely strong player from a
biologics drug substance and drug product standpoint.

Back to the previous question with regards to M&A in biologics. This is an area where although we have
some terrific assets between our Brussels facility, our Limoges facility, our Anagni facility where we're
investing from a drug product and now also a drug substance standpoint, if we could secure additional
drug substance and drug product assets in Europe, that would clearly be high in our priority list. And
we have been participating in quite a few processes but haven't been able to land that one yet, so we're
clearly being aggressive on the overall organic front.

But back to the question. The synergies between drug substance, drug product and the OneBio offering
we have, which is bringing in more and more customers, specifically the small to medium-sized customers
who want to have one-stop shopping from this standpoint, is very significant.

Operator

Your next question is from John Kreger with William Blair.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

A couple of CapEx questions. John, you mentioned Bettera and that whole space is capacity constrained.
How is the available capacity in that asset that you're getting? Are you going to have to dedicate a fair
amount of CapEx to keep up with the growth?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So first of all, Bettera really is in a massive growth phase, as we've stated. They're growing at 20%.
They have several in-flight CapEx investments. I'm sure, at some point, we'll be talking on these calls
about something called a mogul, which is really the workhorse for the gummies area.

And we will be investing additional CapEx to scale that business. But I will tell you that the CapEx levels
of spend will be much lower than anything that we see from an overall biologics standpoint, lower than
what we see from an overall Catalent standpoint and will probably be slightly higher but more in line with
what we've traditionally spent in our SOT segment, really making it, again, a strong cash generator at
extremely attractive margins for the company.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. And then also, John, I think you told us that CapEx in the coming year should be 15% to 16% of
revenue. Should we start to think about that as sort of the new normal for the company longer term?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

No, no, no. Look, we have to step back and remember that COVID was a massive accelerator for Catalent
from a strategic standpoint. It actually accelerated our strategic plans, and we brought on capacity earlier

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

than we normally would have. And then that capacity post -- let's say a lot of these volumes with vaccines
in 3, maybe 4 years is going to be reapplied to the overall company.

So I think we're seeing here over the first couple of years, obviously, this accelerated CapEx spend. But as
we kind of modeled out in our strategic plans, we see our CapEx spend moving much more towards that
higher single-digits CapEx spend that we had prior to going into overall COVID. And I think that's the right
way to look at the overall business.

That being said, what we traditionally see is, again, Catalent is a company that buys high-growth assets
and then scales them up. And I will repeat, we are going to be working to be the #1 provider in the COVID
categories over time. So we take the assets and we invest in them to make them leading franchises. So if
we were to not acquire anything else, I would see our CapEx moving down to that high single-digit level.

But again, as we acquire assets, we do invest in them. So it will really be dependent upon what assets we
did, John, whether or not that's going to -- will stay at a slightly elevated area. But again, we love these
projects because the IRRs and cash-on-cash returns for the investments we're doing on the growth side,
specifically in biologics, gene therapy and now in the gummy area, is going to be pretty fantastic.

Operator

Your next question is from Dave Windley with Jefferies.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

John, I appreciate the emphasis you put on that answer to John. CapEx intensity will come down. Good to
know.

I'm wondering on the longer-term growth algo. I'm thinking about your Biologics and COVID revenue
within Biologics and the handoff of that over the long term. And is the extension of a booster market, does
that make that, that much easier to manage, that it's not going to be so sudden but rather a longer, more
protracted handoff to other products in the long term?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Sure. So first of all, we do not see a COVID cliff in Catalent. We recently came out of our strategic plans,
and we modeled out -- and this was in April. A lot of things have happened since then, but we've modeled
out 3 different scenarios. And right now, I would tell you that our current modeling against expected case
is actually higher given the fact that we see vaccines for COVID specifically being really much more of a
sustaining and enduring revenue for Catalent, specifically with the advent of boosters that will come out,
lowering the age of those vaccines, plus the large part of the world that still needs to get vaccinated.

We're also seeing a change in format, where we want fewer doses per vial. We're seeing a push towards
-- going towards prefilled syringe. And actually, all those things actually lend to increasing volumes for
Catalent as you move towards either a single dose or lower-volume formats and also boosters.

The other thing that I would tell you, Dave, is that Catalent has now put itself into the vaccine category
in a really substantial way. It was always, I would say, a significant category within Catalent. It's now
moved up within our overall look of -- the overall categories within Catalent. And with the capacity and
capabilities and quite frankly, the strong brand reputation of being able to deliver in this crazy tumultuous
time of COVID vaccines, it's elevated our status as a CDMO in the vaccine category.

We also see that mRNA is not just going to be a COVID vaccine therapeutic platform. As you know,
Moderna had quite a large pipeline, if you will, of mRNA vaccines. We partnered very closely with them
with COVID. We certainly expect them as well as our other partner, J&J, to be using our expertise for non-
COVID-related vaccine items, which I won't detail here in the call.

But from a Catalent standpoint, again, COVID was an accelerator of our strategic plans. And quite frankly,
our growth and our ability to upgrade our long-term guidance now from 6% to 8% to 8% to 10% revenue

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

growth, I think, is a testament of that and also points to the fact that, as you know, we've held on to our
long-term growth guidance for quite some time since 2014 before bringing it up with the acquisition of
Paragon and now bringing it up here in this earnings call.

So that alone should tell you what our outlook is with regards to the growth rate of the company and how
we see vaccines continuing to play a strong role into the future without any, I would say, substantial cliff
in terms of the business since we'll be dovetailing in some of our strong pipeline along with the continued
sustained supply required for the COVID vaccine. Sorry for the somewhat belabored answer, but it's a
really important question and it's important for me to be able to pass along all of that information broadly
to the analysts and investors.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes, yes. Thanks for the context there. I appreciate that.

Quickly on margin. Margins were strong, but perhaps the composition of those was a little bit different
than I and others expected. In the Biologics segment, could you comment on whether there was a mix
change there? Or -- you mentioned reservation fees in the context of another answer. Was there some
impact that caused the Biologics margin to drop a little bit from what we've seen in the last couple of
quarters?

Thomas P. Castellano
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Dave. Tom here. So just under 31% EBITDA margin for the fourth quarter here for the business, a
great performance from where we were a year ago. You're right, sequentially, it's down from where we
were at the third quarter levels. I'd just point to a couple of things here.

We have to remember that this is still primarily a development business. And with that does come some, I
would say, volume-related lumpiness that can have a negative impact on margins. But the fact that we're
seeing the sustainable margins within this business north of 30% is something right in line with where
management expected it to be.

The other thing I would highlight here is component sourcing continues to be a growing revenue stream
within the business. These are the pass-through revenues associated with some of the components used
for the vaccines. That comes in at a very low margin profile, and we're seeing that increase, having a little
bit of a drag. The other thing I would say is when you think about the level of maturity within our cell and
gene therapy business, cell therapy primarily, the investments that we continue to put into that business
are -- I would say, are relatively substantial from an operating cost perspective and do have a little bit of a
headwind to the margin profile of Biologics. But again, I just want to highlight the 31% that we saw in the
fourth quarter, again, right in line with where we expected that to be from a management standpoint and
seeing sustainable margins above 30% within Biologics.

Operator

Your next question is from Paul Knight with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Michael A. Gokay
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Mike on for Paul. First one, John, it's nice to see Catalent continue to build out its presence in biologics
in Europe with the Anagni announcement. Just as a follow-up, you're obviously building out significant
capacity in the U.S. related to viral vectors. But given the capacity constraint in that market, when does
it start to make sense to have a presence there for viral vectors given your significant cell therapy and
plasmid DNA presence already there?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

Actually, thank you for that highlight, and I probably should have also noted that, that is also a category
that we're looking at within Europe. Clearly, we've got a strong footprint for cell therapy across our
Gosselies, Belgium campus now and also Houston. And we have a huge capability in viral vector
manufacturing in the Baltimore area. But if we were able to get our hands on the right asset from a viral
vector manufacturing standpoint in Europe, that would also be a priority for us.

We continue to see an extremely strong pipeline in the overall gene and cell therapy space. And I do
believe that having assets in the right area are going to be key. We love being in Baltimore given that, that
really is kind of a center from an overall, I would just say, virology standpoint.

But clearly, Europe will also be an area where we're going to continue to look for an asset there. And
if we're not able to get our hands on one, we may pursue the organic build-out route, but that would
obviously take some additional time. So thank you for actually highlighting that.

Michael A. Gokay
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

And then just following up on Tom's past comment with respect to gene-based vaccines, specifically
mRNA kind of having a long duration for Catalent outside of COVID. This type of vaccines and therapeutics
are more challenging to deliver to the body. You have purchased the upstream tech with Delphi and
historically been strong in fill and finish with therapeutics and vaccines. But -- and then, obviously,
you have the viral-based delivery technology with Paragon. But do other delivery technologies like
lipid nanoparticles and electroporation kind of make sense from an R&D perspective or potential M&A
perspective for Catalent?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So certainly, I would just say that LNP or lipid nanoparticles are a big part of the secret sauce for
mRNA delivery. We know with regards to one very large specific provider of that, they've kept a lot of that
in-house. And then with another provider, they are partnered but there's a lot of wraps around, I would
say, the know-how and the intellectual property of those LNPs.

It is an area that is high on our list. I've actually had some dialogues with one large customer about the
ability for Catalent to be their LNP provider and broad-based from an mRNA standpoint. So we're early on
in those discussions, but it is a key area.

I have to emphasize -- again, I mentioned our science and technology team is constantly on the hunt for
and looking out with advanced radar to understand what are the key technologies and the key growth
areas that Catalent needs to be participating in. And an example of that is the RheinCell acquisition,
which, again, we think is going to be key for us in the cell therapy and regenerative medicine area. So
you'll continue to see Catalent bringing in those type of technologies into the company.

And certainly, the mRNA space is going to continue to be -- I mean with 2 approved products here, clearly
now it's going to be a therapeutic category where we're all going to be watching what they're going to be
able to do beyond the vaccines. And the great news is we are partnered with clearly one of the best, if not
the best, in this area.

Operator

Your next question is from Sean Dodge with RBC Capital.

Sean Wilfred Dodge
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Maybe going back to Bettera. On the margins, John, you said incredibly attractive, already accretive to the
consolidated total. Is there any more specificity you can share there?

And then just to better understand the trajectory or potential. I guess if we roll forward a few years of
20%-plus revenue growth, is there a lot of opportunity to continue scaling those higher? Or with the tight

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

capacity constraints, are things there as good as they could or should be, it's just more adding revenue at
those margins?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

So first, let me just make the statement that this is a category that has biologics or higher margins to it.
So when we talk about it being accretive and then accretive to overall Catalent, that should give you a
signal.

Let me just back up a little bit here. Gummies have become the dominant, dominant experiential delivery
format in VMS. And the VMS retail market is growing 3x faster than the rate of over-the-counter. It's
actually now larger than over-the-counter. Through the pandemic and even running up to the pandemic,
wellness has really become something of a personal responsibility, and people are really going after
nutritional, nutraceutical and other functional areas. And gummies have been the format; in fact,
launching the most number of products in this category compared to everybody else.

Gummies have grown more than 20% CAGR per year for the last 4 years and now represents more than
30 billion doses. The VMS segment is growing in mid-single digits. But gummies, despite representing less
than 20% of delivery formats, have accounted for greater than 50% of total VMS growth over the last
several years. Nearly 70% is outsourced with a limited number of CDMOs, and it's capacity-constrained.

And again, what does Catalent do well? We do things at scale. So our ability to scale this business
appropriately, to be able to not only grow with the market but to grow substantially faster than the market
that is capacity constrained compared to competition is really where we're going to be able to drive this to
be kind of the #1 franchise out there from a CDMO standpoint. That's why we got into this. So it's really,
again, a terrific business for us, very high margins and one that Catalent can get its hands on, integrate,
we have very detailed plans, and scale.

Sean Wilfred Dodge
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And maybe scale's a little bit of the answer to my next question, but it easy to see how Catalent can
differentiate itself and sustain high margins in biologics and cell and gene therapy just given the scientific
rigor involved there. On the Bettera side, maybe just if you can talk a little bit more about what are the
differentiating factors in the gummy or the nutraceutical market. What does the competitive moat look like
there?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

So to give you a sense for the level of difficulty, with all the capabilities that we have within Catalent,
specifically in softgel, gelatin and the franchise that we've had there in the VMS standpoint, we were
unable to attack this space organically. And the reason is there's incredible amount of know-how in terms
of developing these products with the right texture and flavors. And so this is not something that you can
just buy a machine and go. It's really built upon the capability of the team to formulate those products.
And the other part of this is it's not just the ability to formulate but proactively formulate these products
because, essentially, what customers are buying are off-the-shelf products that have been already
proactively developed.

So for Catalent, with all of our skills and capabilities, we really ran into a wall in terms of being able to
build this business organically over the last 5 years and ultimately went down the inorganic front, found
one of the leading players. We believe they're the #2 player in the space, and our goal is to make them
the #1 player, pure and simple. So again, very substantial.

I know that some people that don't understand Catalent very well will look at all of the biologics, gene
therapy and cell therapy acquisitions that we've done and say, "I don't get it." But that's because they
don't understand the fact that we are supplying to biopharmaceutical customers and consumer health
customers. And our consumer health customers have been a stable base for this company for many, many

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

years. In fact, what -- the team that had been here for 20-plus years said that Catalent literally developed
through our softgel business the cough and cold categories that we now see ubiquitously on the shelves of
Walgreens, Walmart and CVS. So this is in our DNA.

It requires innovation. There's a different clock speed that's required in this category. And we have a long-
standing relationships with all the big 6 players in the consumer health category, which, again, the VMS
category has been growing faster, 3x faster than OTC. So for Catalent, this actually was a natural, if not
slightly late acquisition into this very fast-growing space.

Operator

Your next question is from Juan Avendano with Bank of America.

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just one question from me. You alluded to the change in the COVID vaccine packaging configuration in
a previous answer. Can you tell us how is the potential revenue and margin from -- of your dose format
compared to the current format? And by when would you anticipate this change to come into effect?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

I'll answer this at a high level that says that from a Catalent perspective, we are not paid per dose. We
are paid per fill. So if you have sales that are at a lower number of doses, it means you generally need
more fills. So from an overall Catalent perspective, it's a positive tailwind as you go to formats that have
fewer doses per vial or potentially into the prefilled syringe format. And you can expect those to be again
at strong margins.

Operator

Your next question is from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I'm going to come back to the topic of M&A one last time, John and Tom. Maybe just talk about -- John,
you used a pretty aggressive language earlier as it related to the company's M&A profile. I guess can you
talk about the processes that you went through when the company wasn't able to get to the goal line on?
Kind of what was the barrier there?

Was it valuation? Was it bidding environment? Was it not the right asset? I mean you guys have been so
successful. I'd kind of like to hear more about what went wrong in the M&A process.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

I'm sorry, I didn't quite get the question about what went wrong on the M&A process. Can you just a little
better explain?

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Well -- yes, sure. You talked about a couple of bidding processes where you guys couldn't get to the goal
line. And you guys have been very successful in M&A. I guess I'd like to hear more about what went wrong
when you guys couldn't get deals done? Kind of what's been the barrier?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Nothing went wrong. It's usually a case of us being disciplined acquirers, both in terms of valuation.
I would say nothing is going wrong in our process. At some point, the valuations get to a point where

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

they didn't make sense from an overall Catalent perspective. But I would just say that our processes are
incredibly strong. They've led to the string of acquisitions that we've done, starting with Cook Pharmica,
through Paragon, through MaSTherCell, through all of the campus that we've built out in Gosselies.

But again, doing M&A requires a certain level of discipline so that at some point the value for the asset
doesn't make sense and we kind of move on. So just put this under the category of a disciplined acquirer
where we moved on. And as you've seen, we've taken a path that doesn't limit us by expanding pretty
quickly organically in the VMS facility that we purchased that's in Anagni as well as expanding our Limoges
facility. So we continue to aggressively look for those assets, but M&A is not a purely deterministic activity,
and it involves a lot of considerations in terms of moving forward in the process.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I will now hand the call back over to Mr. Paul Surdez (sic) [ Mr.
John Chiminski ], CEO, for final comments.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Actually, john Chiminski to conclude here. Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for your questions and
for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by highlighting a few key points we covered today.

Fiscal 2021 was an incredible year for Catalent. We didn't just outperform our expectations for 2021
during a global crisis, but our rapid response to the pandemic gave us the opportunity to do real good
for the entire world, provided an insightful demonstration of the depth of our capabilities, significantly
elevated our brand, helped increase our engagement with our employees as we banded together to meet
the challenges of the pandemic and enabled us to accelerate our strategic plans and investments. In fiscal
2022, we expect strong revenue and EBITDA growth again, driven by continued growth in our Biologics
segment as well as a return to growth in our SOT and OSD segments. Because of the investments we've
made over the past few years, which included adding high-growth franchises like those we've acquired
in our Biologics segment and like the one we now anticipate with Bettera, we are stronger and better
positioned for long-term growth than ever before, as evidenced by the increase in our projected long-term
net revenue growth target to 8% to 10%.

Finally, I'm very proud of the team of more than 17,000 and the way we've lived up to our mission to help
people live better, healthier lives. When we look back at our last fiscal year, we know that across the 1,400
development programs we advanced and the 7,000 products we manufactured on behalf of our clients, we
helped enhance the lives of millions of patients around the world. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

