Caterpillar Inc. NYSE:CAT
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 27, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.18

1.34

Revenue  (mm)

9779.56

9881.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2020 12:14 PM GMT

13.56

1.04

1.44

5.28

7.49

11160.32

41518.30

44948.12

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.38

1.67

0.72

1.18

2.63

1.60

1.03

1.34

10.50 %

(4.19 %)

43.06 %

13.56 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Courtney Yakavonis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joseph John O'Dea
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Lawrence Tighe De Maria
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Seth Robert Weber
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Timothy W. Thein
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q3 2020 Caterpillar Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jennifer Driscoll. Thank you. Please
go ahead.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, Jason. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.
Today, I'm joined by Jim Umpleby, Chairman of the Board and CEO; Andrew Bonfield, Chief Financial
Officer; Kyle Epley, Vice President of the Global Finance Services Division; and Rob Rengel, Senior IR
Manager.

On our call, we're expanding on our earnings news release and sales to users, which we issued earlier
this morning. Our slides from today and the news release are all in the Investors section of caterpillar.com
under Events & Presentations.

The forward-looking statements we make today are subject to risks and uncertainties as you
[indiscernible] to. We'll also make assumptions that could cause our actual results to be different than the
information we're sharing with you on this call.

Please refer to our recent SEC filings and the forward-looking statements reminder in the news release for
details on factors that, individually or combined, could cause our actual results to vary materially from our
forecast.

Caterpillar has copyrighted this call, and we prohibit use of any portion of it without our prior written
approval.

This quarter included a $0.12 per share remeasurement loss resulting from the settlement of pension
obligations. We provide a non-GAAP reconciliation in the appendix to this morning's news release. There's
also a backlog information and a couple of other things.

So in a moment, Andrew will update you on our third quarter results and our financial position. But first,
please turn to Slide 3 as I hand you over to our Chairman and CEO, Jim Umpleby. Jim?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Jennifer. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. I'm proud of how our global team has
performed in a challenging environment, providing the essential products and services that enable our
customers to support a world in need. We continue to leverage our strong safety culture, remaining both
safe and productive in this pandemic-altered work environment.

We remain committed to our strategy launched in 2017, which is based on operational excellence,
expanded offerings and services. The operational excellence element of our strategy has served us
well, resulting in disciplined management of structural costs. As a result, we went into the pandemic
with a strong balance sheet and have continued to invest in expanded offerings and services to make
our customers more successful. We're introducing several new products and are enhancing our digital
capabilities.

Now I'll briefly cover our third quarter results, starting with Slide 4. While earnings -- while sales, earnings
and profit per share declined versus the prior year's quarter, our performance in the quarter was better

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

than we expected. Third quarter sales and revenues of $9.9 billion decreased by 23%. Lower sales volume
drove the decline, primarily due to lower end-user demand.

In addition, dealers decreased inventory by $600 million this quarter versus a decrease of $400 million in
the third quarter of 2019. That was more of a decrease than we anticipated. With dealers having reduced
their inventories by $1.8 billion year-to-date, we now estimate they will reduce their inventories by about
$2.5 billion by year-end.

This morning, we also reported 3-month sales to users which decreased by 22% versus the previous year.
This was similar to the second quarter's trend and about in line with our assumptions. Machine sales to
users decreased by 20% driven by a 31% decline in North America.

Asia/Pacific overall was flat, reflecting higher demand from China offset by declines in other countries in
the region.

Energy & Transportation sales to users decreased by 27%, with declines primarily driven by oil and gas
and industrial applications.

Profit per share in the third quarter of 2020 was $1.22 versus $2.66 in the third quarter of 2019.

Turning to Slide 5. We believe it's helpful to also compare the third quarter against the second as both
periods were impacted by COVID-19. The second -- the third and second quarters of this year were
roughly similar. Sales were only slightly lower in the third quarter compared to the second, down about
$100 million or 1%. Sales are typically lower seasonally in the third quarter versus the second. Sales were
essentially flat across 3 main segments.

While sales came in largely in line with our expectations, our operating margin performance was better
than we anticipated. Third quarter margins were 10%, a 220 basis point improvement from the 7.8%
we reported in the second quarter. The margin improvement came from a combination of cost control,
favorable geographic mix and better factory efficiencies than we anticipated.

Looking at sequential margins for the segments, Construction Industries margins led the way with
favorable price due to less of an impact from geographic mix and operating efficiencies.

The higher margins in Resource Industries reflected favorable manufacturing costs that more than offset
unfavorable price.

Energy & Transportation margins declined relative to the second quarter. E&T had an unfavorable mix,
including reduced sales from oil and gas, mainly in solar turbines. As you know, solar's business tends to
be lumpy. In addition, margins in E&T were impacted by some nonrecurring items.

Next, I'll comment on the third quarter 2020 sales to users data released today versus the data from
the second quarter of this year. The 20% decline in the third quarter of 2020 machine sales was a 3
percentage point improvement over the decline in the second quarter of 2020. That was about what we
expected.

For Construction Industries, most regions reported less of a decline in year-over-year sales to users in the
third quarter when compared to the second quarter year-over-year sale -- year-over-year performance.
Stronger residential construction benefited our Construction Industries segment. Asia/Pacific remained
positive, driven by continued strong demand in China.

Sales to users in Resource Industries declined sequentially as North America remained low, particularly
in heavy construction, quarry and aggregates, while other regions continued to see lumpiness across the
segment.

Energy & Transportation sales to users declined by 27% during the third quarter of 2020 compared with
an 18% decrease reported in this year's second quarter. As expected, reduced demand in oil and gas
contributed to the decline. Power generation continued to fluctuate, while industrial remained weak.
Transportation improved as reported declines moderated in the third quarter versus the second quarter of
2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Turning to Slide 6. As we look ahead for the end markets we serve at Caterpillar, much still depends on
the pandemic and its impact on the global economy. While the situation remains fluid, overall, we are
cautiously optimistic. We continue to work closely with our suppliers to be well positioned to meet changes
in market demand. We're maintaining good product availability levels for the vast majority of our products.
Availability of our aftermarket parts is solid as well.

I'll share some thoughts on demand trends for the fourth quarter in each of our end markets based on
what we see today. Overall, we expect sales and end-user demand to improve in the fourth quarter
compared to the third. This follows our typical seasonal trends. End-user demand should improve going
into next year as well.

For Construction Industries, we expect stronger sales and end-user demand in the fourth quarter
compared to the third quarter. The percentage reduction in year-over-year sales to users should also
improve in the fourth quarter compared to what we saw in the third.

Recovery in North America provides a boost as low interest rates, homebuilder confidence and growth
in housing starts support demand for our smaller machines, which are built by our building construction
products division.

In China, we expect our Construction business to continue to be strong due to government spending on
infrastructure and building activity. Based on what we see today, the strength in China should continue
going into next year.

We anticipate nonresidential construction will remain subdued in North America in the fourth quarter as
will machine sales for oil and gas-related activity.

Overall, based on what we see today, we expect end markets for Construction Industries to continue to
improve. As I mentioned earlier, the situation remains fluid.

Turning to Resource Industries. We expect higher sales in the fourth quarter compared to the third with
sales to users improving versus the third quarter as well, although down slightly year-over-year in a
business that tends to be lumpy. We're encouraged by continued solid quoting activity in mining, and
orders picked up in the third quarter compared to the second. We have some large tenders pending for
deliveries that will be spread over the next few years. The tender activity is particularly strong in large
mining trucks and large tractors.

Demand for base metal commodities is expected to remain strong. Aftermarket part sales are expected to
improve as machine utilization overall is high. Many miners have deferred rebuilds and some maintenance
into next year. Mining CapEx is expected to increase over the next 12 months.

Based on everything we're seeing, we remain optimistic about improving conditions in mining. We expect
heavy construction and quarry and aggregates in Resource Industries to remain weak in the near term,
particularly in North America.

In addition, our autonomous mining trucks continue to gain traction with customers continuing to report
improvements in efficiencies and safety on autonomous mining sites. We have over 340 autonomous
trucks running now and expect to approach 400 by year-end.

Sales in Energy & Transportation are typically higher in the fourth quarter, including stronger sales to users
compared to the third quarter. We expect that trend to continue this year.

We see continued challenges for reciprocating engines in North American oil and gas during the fourth
quarter. However, we are encouraged by recent comments made by industry participants in well servicing.
For power generation, we expect to increase data center activity to create higher demand in reciprocating
engines.

As is typical, solar should have its best sales quarter of the year in the fourth quarter. However, solar sales
will likely be lower than in previous years as we are seeing some customers delay maintenance into next
year, which will also impact E&T's mix in the fourth quarter. In addition, in the fourth quarter, we expect
the timing of product development investments to have a negative margin impact on E&T.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Meanwhile, demand for industrial engines and transportation is expected to show some improvement but
continue to reflect the dynamics in the markets they serve.

Before moving off Energy & Transportation, let me comment on the agreement we signed earlier this
month to acquire Weir's Oil & Gas business. We see a strong strategic fit between the Weir Oil & Gas
and our current offerings in oil and gas. It comes with a strong services business and would expand our
product portfolio, one of the broadest in the well service industry. Our goal is to make our customers
more successful with us than with competitors. And upon closing, this acquisition would give us a more
complete solution in this space.

We view this as an opportunistic time to strengthen our lineup of oil and gas products and services, and
importantly, we believe the transaction economics will prove attractive even if oil prices remain low.

Andrew will share the details on the fourth quarter assumptions in a few moments.

Overall, versus the third quarter, we're looking for stronger volume performance, improved operating
margins and additional dealer inventory reductions. We expect to be well positioned as we move into
2021.

Turning to Slide 7. We said at our 2019 Investor Day that we intend to return substantially all of our
ME&T free cash flow to shareholders through the cycles. Year-to-date, we've returned $2.8 billion to
shareholders via dividends and share repurchases.

As we said last quarter, our share repurchase plan will remain suspended through calendar year-end.

In the third quarter, we returned about $560 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend.

We are proud of our Aristocrats status where, for 27 consecutive years, including 2020, we've paid higher
annual dividends to shareholders. The dividend remains a high priority through all economic cycles. All
decisions concerning the dividend are made by our Board of Directors, but we anticipate increasing our
dividend again next year.

Before closing, let me mention 2 other important things: the retirements at year-end of Billy Ainsworth,
Group President of Energy and Transportation; and Ramin Younessi, Group President of Construction
Industries. We thank Billy and Ramin for their significant contributions to Caterpillar, and wish them all the
best in retirement.

We also welcome Tony Fassino and Joe Creed to the executive office.

I'd also like to mention that the Caterpillar team is proud to have been recently recognized by The Wall
Street Journal as #19 on its list of the most sustainably managed companies in the world. The new
ranking assessed more than 5,500 publicly traded companies around the world.

In summary, as we continue to execute our strategy for profitable growth, we're investing in services and
expanded offerings to better serve our customers, for improving operational excellence, which includes
working more safely than ever and making our cost structure more flexible and competitive. We'll be able
to react quickly and are well positioned for changes in market demand. We'll emerge from the pandemic
as an even stronger company.

Now let me turn it over to Andrew.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 8 with a recap of our third quarter results.
Then I will walk you through the segment results and free cash flow, touch on the fourth quarter outlook
and finish with our cash and liquidity position.

To summarize, sales and revenues declined by 23% to $9.9 billion. Operating profit decreased by 51% to
$985 million. Third quarter 2020 profit per share was $1.22. This included pretax remeasurement losses of
$77 million or $0.12 per share, resulting from the settlements of pension obligations. Adjusted profit per

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

share was $1.34. And $93 million or $0.17 per share discrete tax benefit is included in both our profit per
share and adjusted profit per share figures. Last year's profit per share for the third quarter was $2.66.

Overall, sales and revenues finished fairly close to what we thought in July with the operating margin
being better than we anticipated, although this was partially offset by negative foreign exchange impacts
and lower investment income.

As shown on Slide 9, the top line declined by $2.9 billion, of which $2.6 billion were due to lower volume.
A $200 million year-on-year movement in dealer inventory also contributed to the decrease. As Jim
mentioned, sales to users overall decreased by 22% for the quarter.

Sales to users for Construction Industries declined by 15%. Within that number, Asia Pacific was a bright
spot. It rose 4%, benefiting from stimulus spending in China where the industry is actually up year-to-
date. North America, while down 27%, improved from the second quarter trend.

Resource Industries, which does tend to be lumpy, had some unfavorable timing and a 31% year-over-
year decline mainly due to weakness in North America and Latin America.

Energy & Transportation sales to users decreased by 27%. This reflected lower levels of activity for
reciprocating oil and gas engines, particularly in North America. We also had unfavorable timing in our
solar turbines business and lower sales to users in industrial applications.

As you would expect, both Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation sales to users have been
impacted more significantly this quarter as these products tend to have a longer lead time between when
the order is received and when delivery of the final product is made to the customer by the dealer.

Dealers decreased inventory by $600 million this quarter. That compares with a decrease of $400 million
in the third quarter of last year. The slight improvement in machine sales to users quarter-over-quarter
enabled dealers to reduce inventory more than we anticipated. Dealers have reduced inventory by
$1.8 billion year-to-date. I'll comment on our expectations for fourth quarter movements in the dealer
inventory in a few moments.

Sales decreases versus the prior year were fairly consistent among the 3 primary segments. Sales
declined in Construction Industries by 23% while sales in Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation
declined by 21% and 24%, respectively.

Looking at the geographic region. Sales were most resilient in Asia Pacific, driven by healthy demand in
China. While sales in North America and Latin America were fairly challenged, the percentage of decline
was less pronounced than we saw in the second quarter of 2020. This was driven by better relative
performance in Construction Industries.

Unfavorable price realization of $121 million was less of an issue than last quarter and reflected mainly
changes in geographic mix within Construction Industries and Resource Industries.

Machine orders increased by double digits percent comparing the third quarter versus the second quarter.
This is one reason we believe that despite their destocking, dealers are seemingly more confident about
the future.

We saw dealers become more positive about demand in Construction Industries. We also saw our solar
turbines backlog increase slightly compared to the second quarter of 2020.

Now on Slide 10. Operating profit for the third quarter fell by 51% to $985 million. Volume declines were
the primary driver of the decrease. Favorable short-term incentive compensation helped partially offset
that. Lower manufacturing costs also helped mitigate the effects of lower volume.

We delivered an operating margin of 10.0%, a 220 basis point improvement compared with a 7.8%
operating margin in the second quarter of 2020. As I mentioned, this was better than we expected and
primarily reflected good cost control, slightly more favorable geographic mix and better factory efficiency.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Restructuring expense for the quarter was $112 million compared with $24 million in the third quarter of
2019.

We continued to make progress addressing certain challenged products as we committed to doing so at
the beginning of the year. This quarter, we completed the contemplation process related to closing the
Dortmund facility in Germany. This facility manufactures the productivity class of hydraulic mining shovels.
We are considering locations closer to our end customer and supply base. This will help us to improve our
competitiveness in this market segment.

Pretax profit was impacted by foreign exchange losses and lower investment income due to lower interest
rates.

And as I mentioned earlier, profit per share was $1.22 and adjusted profit per share was $1.34.

Now I'll discuss the individual segment's results for the third quarter, beginning on Slide 11. For
Construction Industries, sales decreased by 23% to $4.1 billion. Volume declined due to lower end-user
demand and changes in dealer inventories.

End-user demand decreased in North America, fueled by declines in pipeline and road construction-related
sales. Dealers also reduced their inventories, principally in North America with a more significant decrease
during the third quarter 2020 compared to the prior year's third quarter.

The segment's third quarter operating profit decreased by 38% to $585 million, reflecting the volume
decrease and unfavorable price realization impacted by a geographic mix of sales. Lower manufacturing
costs and favorable short-term incentive compensation expense provided an offset.

The margin declined by 340 basis points to 14.4%.

As shown on Slide 12, Resource Industries sales decreased by 21% in the third quarter to $1.8 billion.
We saw lower end-user demand for equipment supporting heavy construction, quarry and aggregates and
mining. We also saw lower aftermarket part sales in part due to customers deferring maintenance and
rebuilds. In addition, unfavorable price realization contributed to the reduction in revenue.

Specific to mining, the timing of deliveries in this lumpy business impacted sales. But as Jim mentioned,
we expect fourth quarter sales for mining applications to improve versus the third quarter. The parked
truck percentage has stayed low as activity and production continues to improve. We saw lower machine
sales across all markets, but it was primarily in North America and Latin America.

Third quarter profit decreased to $167 million.

The segment's operating margin declined by 430 basis points to 9.2% due to the volume decrease
and unfavorable price, partially offset by favorable manufacturing costs as well as short-term incentive
compensation expense.

Turning to Slide 13. Third quarter sales of Energy & Transportation declined by 24% to $4.2 billion. That
included a 41% sales decline in oil and gas. Demand slowed in North America for reciprocating engines
used in gas compression. Power generation sales decreased as well, down 8%. This was primarily due to
lower sales volumes in engine aftermarket parts and small reciprocating engines as well as turbines and
turbine-related services. An increase in large reciprocating engines partially -- helped partially offset those
declines. Industrial and transportation sales decreased by 26% and 19%, respectively. Rail sales declined
on lower locomotive deliveries and related services revenues, primarily in North America.

Profit for this segment decreased by 52% to $492 million, driven by lower volume.

The segment's operating margin declined by 690 basis points to 11.8%. As well as the negative volume
impact, margins were also affected by positive onetime items in 2019 and negative onetime items in
2020.

Moving to Slide 14 to wrap up our segment commentary. Financial Products revenue decreased by 16%
to $724 million. This is due to lower average financing rates across all regions and lower average earning

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

assets. The latter reflected lower purchase receivables from Caterpillar Inc. associated with the volume
declines.

Profitability decreased by 35% in the third quarter to $142 million led by a higher provision for credit
losses, a lower net yield and a lower asset base. The increase in provision expense was primarily due
to lower valuations on collateral that is held to support marine vessel financing -- finance receivables
and certain oil and gas assets. Cat Financial continues to support our dealers and customers during this
challenging time.

Overall, our customers are in good shape. Credit applications are at healthy levels, about flat with last
quarter and up 15% year-over-year. Past dues were at 3.81% in the third quarter, up 7 basis points from
the second quarter.

Our customer care programs were successful as requests for second modifications have been very limited.
In the United States, second requests only represent about 1% of our customer retail portfolio while the
global percentage remains in the low single digits percent range. Over 90% of customers whose loans
were modified have now exited their first modification period, and the vast majority have resumed timely
payments.

As is always the case, Cat Financial will continue to work closely with their customers as they manage the
COVID-19 impacts on their businesses and cash flow.

Now on Slide 15. Free cash flow from Machinery, Energy & Transportation was about $900 million in the
quarter, a decrease of about $200 million versus the third quarter of 2019, but up about $400 million
versus the second quarter of this year.

Lower profit was partially offset by favorable cash impacts from working capital as accounts payable
improved.

We continue to hold a higher level of inventory, including components and other work in process, to ensure
that customers will not be impacted by potential supply disruptions and to make sure we are able to
respond quickly to improve demand.

Whilst we are not providing annual guidance, we do have a few thoughts from the fourth quarter that may
be helpful for your modeling purposes, as shown on Slide 16. Overall, we expect to see less of a decline in
end-user demand in the fourth quarter compared with the third based on what we hear from dealers and
see in orders.

Seasonally, the fourth quarter is also typically larger than the third.

Sales from services are expected to continue to outperform original equipment for both the fourth quarter
and the full year.

We now expect our dealers will reduce their inventories by about $2.5 billion by year-end versus our prior
assumption of more than $2 billion. For the fourth quarter, that would translate to a reduction of around
$700 million, which is similar to the reduction we saw in the fourth quarter 2019.

The important point is we expect this reduction will enable us to begin 2021 with positive momentum as
we'd expect to be producing much closer to demand. I'll remind you though that dealers are independent
businesses and they manage their own inventories.

Overall, we expect an improvement in operating margins versus the third quarter. Keep in mind, we
continue to lap some of the benefits of material cost reductions, which began in the second half of 2019,
and we also do normally see a seasonal reduction in gross margins in the fourth quarter.

The fourth quarter will benefit from savings on incentive compensation. Overall, we do, therefore, expect
an improvement in operating margins quarter-on-quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

We currently expect about $400 million in total restructuring expenses for the year. This implies a
restructuring expense of around $100 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared with only about $50
million in the fourth quarter of 2019.

More importantly, we continue to make progress addressing challenged products, including the Dortmund
facility action I mentioned earlier. These efforts will continue to increase our efficiency and competitiveness
as we move forward. In total, we expect about $300 million of the $400 million spend to relate to these
challenged products.

We also expect the tax charge to increase in the fourth quarter as we do not expect any discrete tax items
at this time.

Now turning to Slide 17 and our financial position. Earlier this month, we declared our normal quarterly
dividend of $1.03 per share, which translates to around $560 million per quarter. Including share
repurchases made early this year, we've returned $2.8 billion to shareholders year-to-date.

In April, we suspended our share repurchase program due to uncertainties associated with COVID-19 and
then extended that through to the end of the calendar year.

Our commitment for our Investor Day in May 2019 is unchanged, and we intend to return substantially all
our ME&T free cash flow to shareholders through the cycles.

We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, which we can use for compelling M&A opportunities.
As Jim mentioned, earlier this month, we announced an agreement to purchase the Weir Group's Oil &
Gas business for $405 million in cash. It's a financially attractive transaction even without a recovery in
oil prices. Combining Weir's established pressure pumping and pressure control portfolio with our own
engines and transmissions enables us to create additional value for customers. The proposed deal also
enhances our ability to provide services to oil and gas customers. Its results will be included within our
Energy & Transportation segment upon closing. This acquisition comes at a time when some valuations are
compelling. It's consistent with our strategy of investing for long-term profitable growth.

We ended the third quarter with a strong financial profile, including $9.3 billion in enterprise cash and over
$14 billion in enterprise liquidity. Our credit ratings remained strong. We've shown our resilience in the
current environment, and we will emerge an even stronger company.

So finally, let's turn to Slide 18, and let me recap today's key points. We continue to execute our strategy
for profitable growth. We're investing in services and expanding offerings while improving operational
excellence. In the third quarter, we improved operating margins versus the second quarter. We see
improved margins and stronger volumes in the fourth quarter. With dealer inventory coming down by
$2.5 billion, we'll start 2021 well positioned for changes in market demand. And we'll emerge from the
pandemic as an even stronger company.
With that, I'll hand it back to Jason to prepare for the Q&A session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Operator, we're ready for our first question. [Operator Instructions]

Operator

Certainly, your first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess, Jim, just trying to read between the lines here, just your comments on dealer inventory. It sounds
like you think we've seen the bottom of declines in end-user sales. Your commentary just on orders or
backlog. I mean do you have a more positive view of 2021 in terms of the possibility of end-user demand
growth. And if so, can you sort of comment on which areas you're more constructive on versus less with
understanding you're not going to want to quantify a revenue growth opportunity for next year?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes, you're correct. I'm not going to give 2021 guidance, but I will try to make some comments just to
provide some color. So certainly as we sit here today, I feel better today than I did a quarter ago.

We've talked about the fact that we are quite constructive on what we see in mining. So mining quoting
activity is quite high. I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we're tendering for some large projects that we
feel good about that would involve multiyear deliveries of large tractors and large mining trucks. Again,
mining really is -- continues to improve.

We've talked about the housing starts in the U.S. driving activity on the smaller end of our Construction
Industries business as well and we believe that strength will continue going into next year as well.

So again, we're not going to give a guidance here for 2021, [ but I feel ] better today than we did a
quarter ago.

Operator

Your next question comes from the lot of David Raso from Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Sort of in the same spirit, I'm just trying to get a sense of you speak now a lot to revenues in sort of
sequential historical terms. And now that we have a bit of a baseline for how you're thinking about
fourth quarter, to extrapolate that into early '21, I'm just trying to appreciate the commentary about the
improvement you're seeing on underproduction in CI to back in line with retail.

The way the year is going to start in '21, just for some perspective, should we still just think of it as
normal sequential starting the year? Or it's what you're seeing on the order book, you mentioned maybe
some timing issues with solar and mining. Just to give us a little baseline, I think Andrew said positive
momentum into '21. I think we're just all trying to sanity check, when can the company return to positive
revenue growth? I mean 2Q isn't a relatively easy comp. I think people were just trying to figure out how
much momentum to start '21. Just some perspective, I'd appreciate it.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Yes, David, it's Andrew. Obviously, if you remember, in the first quarter, we did see some inventory build,
although lower than normal by dealers as a result of getting ready for the buying season and obviously, as
we hit that, the pandemic hit as well.

I think a couple of thoughts on Q1. So that will be an impact. So obviously, year-on-year comp, as you
say, is a little bit more challenging. We did see the big dealer inventory reduction occur in Q2.

We would expect also there's -- for example, in China, China has a later Chinese New Year this year. So
that means there may be some inventory build in Q1. Chinese New Year is sort of middle of February
this year. So that may impact Q1 comp. And I think generally, as we say, we think that the underlying
momentum in end-user sales will start to have an impact more positively. But obviously, the first quarter
had less of an impact.

So it's going to be a little bit challenging as we go through the year. I think as we get to January, we'll be
able to give you a little bit more feel for exactly how that pans out for the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Bernstein.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I hope you guys could comment on Cat's own inventory. It looks like it's running about 34% of sales on
a trailing 12-month basis. How should we think about the pace and magnitude of destocking there? And
what do you expect to be at the end of the year? And what would you consider to be healthy levels there?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Chad, it's Andrew. As we said, we are holding more inventory than we would normally hold at the Cat
end for a couple of reasons for that. One, which is obviously we had a little bit of extra safety inventory
as we've gone in through the year, partly because, obviously, we have been concerned about supply
disruption. So our safety inventory levels are a little bit higher.

Second thing is, actually, this is one of those odd years where actually we have a downturn and potentially
getting ready for an upturn in demand in the same time. Historically, you would always have seen in a
down cycle obviously a reduction in Caterpillar-owned inventory. Given that dealers are reducing their
inventory levels, given that we are expecting underlying demand to tick back up as we move into the next
financial year, we believe it's right for us to hold a little bit more inventory than we would normally have
held, getting ready for that so that we aren't in a position where the bullwhip effect catches us out as we
move into 2021.

I mean, obviously, normally, if we were in a situation where we didn't see that, we obviously would be
continuing to reduce inventory levels. Obviously, again, we are -- we have plenty of cash on hand. We
are in a low interest rate environment. So financially, it is not a big drag on us to hold a little bit more
inventory than we would normally do.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research.

Joseph John O'Dea
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Question is related to services. And we saw end-user demand trends, the decline rate is pretty similar
between 2Q and 3Q. It looks like the decline rates on the services side of the business might have
accelerated from 2Q to 3Q. I think you've talked about some deferrals. But if you could just comment
on what you saw a little bit on the year-over-year trends if, in fact, it was getting a little bit tougher
sequentially.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

And then in the recent announcements around the leadership changes, a clear focus on services there.
What you see in terms of opportunities in the near term to control what you can control and drive those
revenues higher.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes, certainly. Thanks for your question. And certainly, we are -- continue to be very focused on services
as an important element of our strategy. And as you would expect, services did decline by a lesser extent
than OE in this declining market. Having said that, again, we are -- we're continuing to invest to increase
services.

And I did make some comments, I believe, about what we expect in mining in terms of just given that
utilization is high. We expect moving into next year to see higher aftermarket sales, but again continued
to invest in that part of the business, and it's something that we're very excited about the opportunity.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

If we could just focus on the comments you made on quarry and aggregates being weaker and then road
construction also, I think, you noted in construction equipment being weaker. Can you talk a little bit
about the importance of a new fast stack or new highway bill versus anything we get some ginormous
infrastructure bill? How important is it to get a new 4-year highway bill going into 2021, particularly for
your customers who may not be able to invest without a long-term contract?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. The recent 1-year extension of the surface highway bill does provide some certainty for state and
local governments, so they can plan for projects. As we think about -- and of course, we've continued to
advocate for a long-term reauthorization of the federal highway bill. We think it would be very appropriate
in terms of economic stimulus. And of course, the overall infrastructure bill that seems to have very broad
bipartisan support certainly would be a positive for our customers and for us.

Timing of all that impact, of course, is uncertain. It all depends on politics and when it gets passed. But
again, based on everything we see, that's the one thing that the 2 sides tend to agree on at this point.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup.

Timothy W. Thein
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

So the question relates to the interplay of price and material costs. As we look into '21, just given the
recent moves we've seen in most grades of steel and what looks to be a bit more of an inflationary
environment, which, of course, will be coming down the pike for Cat, how should we think about the
opportunity for pricing actions into '21 just given the state of markets globally and then Cat's ability to
stay on the plus side of price versus material cost in '21?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Tim. It's Andrew. Yes, just -- I mean from that perspective, I mean, obviously, we do buy
forward a little bit of our steel. So we are still seeing the benefits of price reductions at this stage.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

As we're thinking about price actions in 2021, yes, you are completely correct. We are taking into
account the demand side of the equation. Obviously, if demand is -- in a softer demand environment,
you obviously do not want to push price too hard. And we are reflecting the fact that, obviously, at the
moment, we are still seeing favorable material costs.

In the event, obviously, that, that does change as we go through the year, we always have the option of
thinking about that later. But at the moment, we're in a reasonably good position as we move into 2021.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Rob, are you there? Are you on mute, Rob?

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

I am so sorry. I'm so sorry. You saw a transition to group presidents this quarter, which is a little bit
unusual. And I wonder if you could talk about that for a second, perhaps what was accomplished and if
there's a different focus on the future for Joe and Tony or whatever direction you want to take it?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

You bet. Well, certainly, as I mentioned, we thank Billy and Ramin for their many contributions during their
careers and wish them well in retirement. And we're very excited also about having Joe and Tony join the
executive office. It doesn't not signal any kind of change in strategy. We're going to continue to execute
the strategy that we introduced in 2017, expanded offerings and services and operational excellence.
So we have a very strong bench, and our Board has spent a considerable amount of time on succession
planning. So again, that's -- again, we wish Billy and Ramin all the best.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley.

Courtney Yakavonis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

If you can just comment -- you commented before that housing and resi was one of the parts of the
business that seems to be driving activity on the small end of the business, but it sounded like you're
expecting more muted nonresidential activity in the fourth quarter.

If you can just comment maybe on those relative sizes of your business and the margin profile between
the two? And acknowledging that you've kind of talked about resi heading into next year, if there's any
comments that you would make on nonresi?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Courtney, it's Andrew. Obviously, with a broad portfolio like Caterpillar, you have different
margin structures within different parts of the business and that varies across the portfolio.

Obviously, as we have been clear, obviously, the smaller machines tend to have a slightly lower margin
than the larger machines. But overall, we think that the portfolio mix, as you've seen, even this year, is
relatively small and manageable within the context of the broader Caterpillar. So I think overall, we are
not too worried about that having a drag impact on gross margins.

Also, the other thing to remember is, obviously, if you get very favorable leverage from some of these
products, it does help actually improve your margin structure.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

So that has been the way it's been managed, which is why it's been very manageable and we expect it to
be manageable going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America.

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I had a question for Jim. Jim, the industrial economy seems to be getting better. I mean thus far you're
not really seeing it in your retail sales growth in both mining and E&T. I mean maybe some of that, as you
guys discussed, is lumpiness and delivery timing. But a lot of that, it's got to be due to a pretty anemic
capital spending outlook in the energy sector and pressures in markets like coal. And it seemed to be
flagging ongoing at least near-term headwinds for solar, which has been very resilient the last few cycles.

I know you're buying the Weir assets, but is the company giving any thoughts to using its $9 billion cash
flow to diversify away from the fossil fuel industry, given the structural headwinds in the energy markets
in markets like coal? And if not, why not?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, Ross, certainly appreciate your question. I don't believe we signaled any headwinds for solar. But
probably the best way to start is -- it's quite an expansive question you've asked, so I'll give you a bit of
an expansive answer.

But we'll start by reminding you, we're a large diversified business, both in terms of end markets
and geography. As I mentioned earlier, we're proud to have been named 19 out of 5,500 companies
around the world to Wall Street Journal's top sustainably managed companies. And we build the world's
infrastructure and that would include investments in future energy infrastructure around the world, and
I'm confident our products will play a part in that.

I believe that we are well positioned to benefit from both a period of transition and after the transition has
occurred. And we'll continue to support our customers during the period of transition, no matter how long
that is. But we're also very well positioned to succeed in the future.

In terms of how we're supporting our customers today, we have world-class products and services to
support our oil and gas customers. But we're helping them with their ESG goals as well, helping them to
reduce their carbon footprint, whether it's methane abatement by reducing flaring. We're providing battery
storage solutions and efficiency improvement. And we've introduced a dynamic gas blending engine that
allows our oil and gas customers to substitute up to 85% of diesel fuel with natural gas. And we continue
to support all of our mining customers as well.

And by the way, our exposure -- you mentioned coal, our exposure to coal is low. It's generally between
3% and 5% of company revenues, including both machines and parts.

Now in our mining business looking to the future, we see future opportunities due to the growing electric
vehicle market that's expected to increase demand for essential metals. In particular, copper and nickel
are expected to see sustained growth.

And we're very excited about some of the opportunities in Energy & Transportation. I mean we have
significant experience burning a wide variety of fuels in our -- both our recip engines and our turbines,
including natural gas, coal [indiscernible] gas, landfill gas and other biogases. We are well positioned to
run our equipment on a variety of blended fuels, including hydrogen. Our solars gas turbine generator sets
can burn 100% hydrogen to produce electricity. And our turbines and recip engines can be paired with
advanced technologies, whether it's electric drive batteries, hybrid configurations to reduce overall fuel
consumption and carbon emissions. And we have battery electric-powered and electric drive machines that
enable customers to take advantage of available electricity as a renewable alternative to traditional fuels.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

We've done things like we have an all-switch battery locomotive. We developed that in conjunction with
Vale, one of our rail customers.

So when you think about distributed generation, which many believe will be a large part of the future,
we're already selling reciprocating engines and gas turbines to back up wind farms and solar as well. You
know our engines provide a variety of distributed generation solutions as hydrogen blends and are added
to gas networks. And so again, we think we're very well positioned for the future as the transition occurs.
But we are going to continue to support the customers that we have.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Larry De Maria from William Blair.

Lawrence Tighe De Maria
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Obviously, you discussed your better environment and your optimism in 4Q and early next year. But can
you talk maybe more on the profit side, just assuming, let's say, apples-to-apples, flat sales next year,
what are some of the puts and takes in profit? For example, what's the incentive comp headwind? What
are the benefits on run rate restructuring and other items on an apples-to-apples basis on profit from this
year to next year without assuming any, let's say, incremental or decremental margin impact?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Larry, it's Andrew. Yes, obviously, the -- from a top line perspective, if we produce closer to demand,
obviously, that means we won't have the negative impact of dealer inventory reductions. So that will be
a positive flowing through to profit, assuming no other obviously changes from an operating leverage
perspective.

On the sort of cost side, we did see, obviously, step -- normal step runs at about $800 million per year on
the basis of a standard payout. We will have that as a headwind as we move into 2021.

We did see some delays in discretionary spending. Some of that may not come back. Some of that may
come back, but it's relatively very minor overall. For example, things I travel has been less. Obviously,
there have been other projects which haven't really got started as such because they've been delayed
while people aren't in the office together.

So we'll see how that pans out as we get in, and obviously, we'll be able to give you a better guide to that
as we get into January when we talk about 2021.

Lawrence Tighe De Maria
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Was there a restructuring -- run rate restructuring number to think about?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

At this stage, we are still putting our plans together for 2021. Obviously, we assume normally, on average,
about $200 million of base restructuring. And then, obviously, we've seen some incremental relating to
these challenged products. Some of the challenged products restructurings will recur in 2021. But we're
spending about $400 million this year, probably wouldn't be that much significant at this stage, different
next year. Well, maybe even slightly less, we'll need to see as we finish our planning process.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Just wanted to spend a little bit more time on E&T. I was a bit surprised by the retail sales deterioration
there that you guys reported for the 3 months ending September. If you could just elaborate a little bit on
that?

And then also with respect to that segment, decremental margins were a bit higher this quarter. Anything
special going on there? And how to think about that into 4Q?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

So I'll start with the, Nicole, with the margins piece. As I said in my comments, we did have a small
onetime credit last year income in E&T. This year, we had a number of negative onetimers equated to
about $70 million that related to some asset write-downs and also some inventory impairments. So that
was actually the big driver of the margin change quarter-on-quarter.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

And in terms of sales, both in E&T and in Resource Industries, but particularly E&T, it's really a lumpy
business so you can see deviations quarter-to-quarter in terms of retail sales. So that drives a lot of it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

It's on the return of cash to shareholders and understandable to sort of pause repo this year. I'm just
curious how you think about next year, assuming it restarts at some point. Do you over return cash to sort
of make up the difference and get to where you want to be? Or do you restart at kind of the operating
cash flow level and proceed that way?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Obviously -- Steve, it's Andrew. Obviously, any decision around that will be a Board decision, which will
take an update as we move into 2021.

Remind you that our actual policy is to return substantially all of ME&T free cash flow. This year, we will
already have over returned based on our free cash flow year-to-date. And the amount of buyback we've
done probably will be over. So probably we'll just rebase back to what the number is.

But again, we'll have a conversation and a discussion around that probably back -- in January time for
ME&T.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

We've seen across-the-board strong digital engagement in this environment for a lot of folks. And I'm
wondering if you could just quantify, for your business out of your connected machines, what proportion of
your customers use digital ordering over connected to dealers via that channel? I know you put in a lot of
work there. I'm wondering if you could just quantify for us how much traction you're building in that way
or any other way you're comfortable talking about it?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

You bet, Jerry. We certainly aren't going to quantify a number, but that's something that we're very
focused on and we're seeing improvement over time. So as we continue to invest in and our dealers
investing as well in their capabilities, we're seeing improvements and we expect that to continue. But I
really can't quantify it for you this morning.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Wondering how much visibility you guys have on China construction. I mean it looks like the retail sales
activity is maybe moderating, but Jim, you noted you expect continued strength into next year. So can you
just talk a little bit about the visibility there and maybe the drivers in terms of some of the policy shifts
versus market share and any other key factors?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

As I mentioned earlier, we -- Steve, we do see continued strength in China. It's been quite strong. And we
do expect that strength to continue into next year based on what -- obviously, we don't have a crystal ball,
but based on everything we see today, we expect that business to continue to be strong. Again, hard to
elaborate much more than that, frankly.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.

Seth Robert Weber
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Just kind of along the lines of a prior question. Your R&D spend has been down here for a couple of years.
I mean in a scenario where revenue starts to come back up, would you expect a material pickup in R&D
spend next year?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So I mean, I think one of the things that's obviously -- one of the bigger factors this year on R&D
spend actually has been short-term incentive compensation reductions. That has, year-on-year, one of the
most significant impacts.

Yes, there have been some project delays. Obviously, as we've gone through the year, just inevitably, not
having all the engineers in the room together does mean that some of the R&D projects are going slightly
slower. As a percentage of sales, actually, R&D is actually up year-over-year because, obviously, spend has
held up slightly better than the rate of decline in revenues.

So obviously, we will see an absolute dollar increase but obviously, maybe not quite as a big -- maybe
slightly lower percentage as a percentage of revenues.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

But again, we are confident that we are investing in the most important R&D projects and continue to
build with that and those expanded products, continue to invest in digital. So again, we're very committed
to continue developing new products and investing in the most important R&D programs.

Operator

Your final question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Want to go back to mining, if we could. And maybe, Jim, a question for you here. If we're kind of looking
at the current environment, you sound constructive on mining. It sounds like there are some things in
the pipeline, and the customers are starting to move on deploying a little bit of capital. How would you
compare the discussions in the pipeline that you have now versus where you were in, say, 2016 going into
2017? And I asked because the fleet, we all know it's older, so I'm presuming that the decision-making for
your customers is a little bit different today than it was, say, in 2016.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. I'd say that the conversations are very different, indeed. I mean, by the end of 2016, frankly, our
customers were shell shocked just given what they had gone through between 2012 and 2016, a very,
very tough time for them. And all the discussions were about continued cost reduction, about finding ways
they could squeeze more cost out of everything they're doing.

The conversations are quite different today, conversations around autonomy, how we can help our
customers be more successful. They're talking about greenfield projects, expanding brownfield projects,
retrofits of autonomy on existing fleets. The conversations are very, very different. And I'd say the mood
couldn't be more different.

I'm not expecting a wild spike up. As I've said previously, I think the best thing for both the industry and
for us is more of a moderated increase over time. But the mood is very, very different than it was in '16.

Operator

That concludes Q&A. I now turn back to the presenters for closing remarks.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, thank you, Jason. Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. Just to kind of summarize here,
we're pleased with our performance in the quarter. The company is performing well. We believe we're very
well positioned for next year and the longer-term future as well. And we look forward to discussing our
fourth quarter results with you in January. Thank you.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, Jim. Thanks, Andrew, and everybody who joined us today. Before we close, let me point out Slide
20 where we're providing our preliminary dates for quarterly earnings in 2021: January 29, April 29, July
30 and October 28, 2021.

A replay of our call will be available online later this morning. We'll also post a transcript on our Investor
Relations website later today. Click on investors.caterpillar.com and then click on Financials to find
those materials. If you have any questions, please reach out to Rob or me. You can reach Rob at
rengel_rob@cat.com, and I'm driscoll_jennifer@cat.com. The Investor Relations general phone number is
(309) 675-4549.

I hope you enjoy the rest of your day, and now let's turn it back to Jason to conclude our call.

Operator
That concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for joining. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

