CBRE Group, Inc. NYSE:CBRE
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 28, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.19

1.39

Revenue  (mm)

6654.34

6798.33

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-25-2021 1:55 PM GMT

16.81

2.16

1.57

4.97

5.26

7728.81

26562.55

28629.90

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.94

0.67

0.78

1.19

1.45

0.86

1.36

1.39

54.26 %

28.36 %

74.36 %

16.81 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Emma E. Giamartino
Global Group President, CFO &
Chief Investment Officer

Kristyn Farahmand
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate Finance

Robert E. Sulentic
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Leonard Rosivach
Wolfe Research, LLC

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stephen Hardy Sheldon
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the CBRE's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Kristyn Farahmand,
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Finance. Thank you. You may begin.

Kristyn Farahmand
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Finance

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier
today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, which is posted on the Investor
Relations page of our website, cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow
along with our prepared remarks as well as an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials.
Please note, we have added some new detail to our Real Estate Investments segment tab.

Before we kick off today's call, I'll remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations
regarding CBRE's future growth prospects, including 2021 qualitative outlook and multiyear growth
framework, operations, market share, capital deployment strategy and share repurchases, M&A and
investment activity, financial performance, including profitability, expenses, margins, adjusted EPS and
the effect of both cost savings initiatives in the COVID pandemic the integration and performance of
acquisitions and other transactions and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical
fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the
information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.

You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may
affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these
forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these
forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our most recent annual
and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, respectively. We have provided reconciliations
of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, net revenue and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included
in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these
measures in the appendix of the presentation slide deck.

Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows: First, I'll provide an overview of our quarterly
financial results. Next, Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO, will discuss our recent strategic investments
and how they support our 4 dimension diversification strategy. Then Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial
and Investment Officer, will discuss the quarter in detail, along with our revised qualitative outlook
for 2021, our capital deployment activities and balance sheet strength. Then we'll open up the call for
questions.

Now please turn to Slide 4, which highlights our third quarter 2021 results. Total revenue grew
approximately 20% to a new third quarter record of about $6.8 billion while net revenue grew over 28%
to nearly $4.2 billion. Notably, all our advisory service business lines, including leasing generated more
revenue than they did in Q3 2019. The quarter also benefited from the work we completed last year on
our cost structure as well as our continued financial discipline. Overall, GAAP EPS rose nearly 135% to
$1.28, while adjusted EPS grew about 92% to $1.39. Compared with Q3 2019, these metrics were up
approximately 71% and 76%, respectively.

Now for deeper insights, please turn to Slide 6 for Bob's remarks. Bob?

Robert E. Sulentic
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Thank you, Kristyn, and good morning, everyone. The diversification of our business across 4 dimensions:
asset types, business lines, clients and geographic markets, has been a key focus of our past few earnings
calls. The benefits of this diversification were clearly evident in our third quarter performance with
adjusted EBITDA more than 60% above the Q3 2019 peak record Q3 margins and strong top line growth
across all global regions. Our leaders around the world have been adept at identifying and securing
compelling opportunities to grow our business across the 4 dimensions of diversification.

We have committed approximately $2 billion of capital already this year to secularly favored areas,
including green energy and infrastructure project management with our Turner & Townsend investment;
flex office solutions with our industrious investment; and logistics and multifamily assets in our Real
Estate Investments segment. These investments position us well to make additional capital and organic
investments that will drive earnings growth for years to come.

We're also making substantial investments to grow our business organically. These include deeper asset-
type specialization in both our brokerage and real estate investment management businesses and client
sector specialization in our GWS business. And we're expanding our real estate development business into
new international markets.

With our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation as well as the work we've done to streamline
costs and capture the benefits of scale, we are positioned to continue growth initiatives like these well into
the future. At the same time, we are committed to returning cash to our shareholders and are evaluating
all potential avenues for such returns. I will close by noting that we will update our multiyear growth
framework when we report Q4 results in February.

Now I'll hand the call over to Emma.

Emma E. Giamartino
Global Group President, CFO & Chief Investment Officer

Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 8. Let's start with our Advisory segment. This
segment rebounded strongly from the pandemic-suppressed levels of Q3 2020 and performed very well
compared with pre-pandemic activity in 2019. In my comments today, I'll include compared with Q3 2019
for the transactional business lines. We believe this is the best barometer of how these business lines are
faring.

Advisory Services net revenue and operating profit set new third quarter records, surpassing the Q3
2019 peak by 13% and 29%, respectively. This strong performance reflects not only our ability to
capture reviving demand for real estate services, but also our diligent focus on managing costs during
the recovery. The strong operating profit growth also reflects a $7.5 million gain from our industrious
investment.

Leasing continued to bounce back strongly, particularly outside the U.S. with global revenue up 58% from
Q3 2020 and 7% from the Q3 2019 peak. All 3 regions generated leasing revenue above Q3 2019 peak
levels: Up 4% in the Americas; 20% in EMEA; and 11% in APAC. Office demand in the U.S. continues to
trail pre-pandemic levels. However, the shortfalls from the 2019 peak levels narrowed to just 16% in Q3
versus 54% in Q2.

We also continued to see strong small deal performance with revenue from U.S. leasing transactions below
$1 million, up about 8% versus Q3 2019, while the contribution from large deals over $1 million remained
about 5% below its pre-pandemic level.

Property sales activity remained robust. All regions exceeded their pre-pandemic peaks, with global
property sales, up 93% from Q3 2020 and 27% from the Q3 2019 peak. Like in leasing, U.S. office sales
activity saw a significant improvement, coming in just 16% below Q3 2019 levels versus 31% in Q2. An
improved investment market also helped generate strong growth in commercial mortgage origination.
Revenue rose 41% from Q3 2020 and 11% from the Q3 2019 peak. Both the government agencies and
private lenders were noticeably more active in Q3. We expect the agency's higher lending caps through
2022, coupled with a healthy appetite from private lenders and the attractive yields available from real
estate debt to provide a supportive backdrop heading into next year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Strong origination activity helped to drive a 19% increase versus the prior year quarter in our loan
servicing portfolio, which reached $300 billion at quarter's end. The portfolio growth propelled a 35%
revenue increase from the prior year Q3.

Valuation revenue accelerated more than 27% from last year's quarter, partially reflecting particularly
strong growth in the U.K. and Ireland. Property management revenue increased 6% year-over-year.

Moving to Slide 9. Our Global Workplace Solutions segment again posted solid revenue and segment
operating profit growth across its global business base. Revenue rose over 8% from Q3 2020, comprised
of 21% growth in project management and 6% in Facilities Management. Total GWS segment operating
profit rose over 16% compared with Q3 2020. Our local client business was a standout performer,
accounting for 1/4 of total segment operating profit. This growth has been driven in part by selective infill
M&A.

Importantly, despite evidence of increased inflation throughout the economy, we believe our GWS business
is well protected by contract provisions that enable us to factor inflation into our pricing annually or
even more frequently in certain cases. We are optimistic about the future growth trajectory of GWS.
Our new business pipeline is growing and remains well diversified, with representation from financial
services, industrial, life sciences and technology clients. The pipeline increased markedly from Q2 and is
up from both Q3 2020 and Q3 2019. We expect continued pipeline strength as the business environment
increasingly settles into a new normal.

Turning to Slide 10. Our Real Estate Investments segment continued to deliver strong growth with
segment operating profit nearly matching last quarter's record level. This performance reflects how well
positioned our development and investment management businesses are to capitalize on the strong
investment climate and the flow of capital into industrial, multifamily and other favorite asset classes.

Global Development generated nearly $100 million of operating profit in the third quarter, primarily driven
by selling industrial properties at high valuations, reflecting asset and tenant quality as well as strong
market fundamentals. Industrial comprises the largest portion of our in-process portfolio and pipeline at
35% and 39%, respectively, and we continue adding new projects to the pipeline at a strong pace. This
will drive revenue and profit opportunities for years to come.

On a trailing 12-month basis, we have converted the average value of the in-process portfolio to operating
profit at a rate of 1.9%, which is towards the high end of the historical range. Importantly, our in-process
portfolio set another new high this quarter, rising to $16.8 billion, largely driven by multifamily activity.

Investment Management benefited from a record level of asset management fees as well as higher
incentive, acquisition and disposition fees. Compared with Q3 2020, revenue rose 35% to $135 million
while operating profit increased 68% to $49 million. Assets under management continued to grow steadily,
rising to over $133 billion despite negative currency effects.

Industrial and logistics properties remain the largest asset class in the portfolio, comprising more than $35
billion of AUM or over 26% of the total. Fundraising also remained strong as the performance of our funds
and separate accounts attracts new capital. Dry powder rose 6% from Q2 to $13.2 billion.

Looking at the business as a whole, we're on track to surpass 2019's record performance across all key
financial metrics by a substantial margin. On Slide 11, we'll briefly walk through our revised qualitative
2021 outlook. We now expect full year global advisory sales revenue to be about 15% above the 2019
peak and global leasing to fall 5% or so short of peak. Q4 will likely see more moderate sales and leasing
growth rates than we've experienced the last few quarters as prior year comparisons become tougher.
However, both U.S. sales and leasing have been running well ahead of 2019 peak levels thus far in
October.

Across the rest of our advisory business, we reiterate expectations for low double-digit revenue growth on
a combined basis. We also anticipate stronger incremental margin expansion than we previously forecast
due to the more robust revenue growth. The Q4 net margin should be around the 22.7% achieved in the
prior year fourth quarter. We expect the benefit of more revenue from high-margin business lines will

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

likely be offset by increased discretionary spending to drive growth and by lower OMSR gains compared
with Q4 2020.

In GWS, we expect mid- to high-single-digit net revenue growth, accompanied by operating profit growth
of 20% or more year-over-year before contributions from the Turner & Townsend transaction. Our policy
is to reflect transactions once closed. Currently, we expect this transaction to close early next week. Given
this timing, we anticipate the transaction will contribute about $160 million to $170 million in revenue and
about $20 million to $25 million in operating profit to our 2021 consolidated results.

November and December are usually seasonally light months for the company. For calendar year 2021,
Turner & Townsend is expected to generate roughly $1 billion in net revenue at the current spot rate at a
similar operating profit margin to their prior fiscal year.

Importantly, as I noted previously, our broader GWS new business pipeline is building, and we expect to
see the benefit from this in 2022 and beyond. For REI, we have raised our expectations modestly, driven
by investment management. We now expect this business lines revenue to rise in the low to mid-teens
range and its operating profit to increase slightly 30% versus 2020. This includes some incremental OpEx
investments slated for the fourth quarter.

We continue to expect global development operating profit to roughly triple the $122 million generated in
2019. This reflects the movement of some transactions previously expected to close in Q3 to Q4. They are
developing properties in markets and sectors with strong underlying fundamentals and expect to continue
monetizing these assets in Q4 and for the next several years.

As we've noted in past quarters, corporate segment expenses will be up from both 2019 and 2020 and
are expected to end the year at just over 2% of total net revenue. Year-to-date, discretionary operating
expenses have been trending well below pre-COVID levels. However, we expect some of these expenses to
gradually return as business activity recover.

Flipping to Slide 12. We've strengthened our balance sheet while committing approximately $2 billion
thus far in 2021 to long-term growth initiatives while also, returning $188 million to shareholders through
repurchases. Trailing 12-month free cash flow generation reached a company record at over $1.9 billion.
As a result, we ended the quarter with a net cash position of 0.3 turns and nearly $6 billion of liquidity.
We expect to maintain our net cash position in Q4 even with our initial payment for our stake in Turner &
Townsend, which will be about $700 million.
We will continue to prioritize investments that enhance our diversification, resiliency and long-run growth
trajectory. Going forward, we are poised to continue investing in our growth while returning capital to
our shareholders and maintaining a strong balance sheet. Our market-leading position, the underlying
momentum in our business and our substantial balance sheet capacity make us very excited about our
future growth prospects. We look forward to closing out 2021 with another strong quarter. With that,
operator, please open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question has come from the line of Andrew Rosivach with Wolfe Research.

Andrew Leonard Rosivach
Wolfe Research, LLC

Congrats again for an amazing quarter. One, just really small housekeeping question. You had an increase
in stock compensation expense in the quarter. Is that something that's just contractual that's just related
to the stock being up 70% this year and the performance that you've had?

Emma E. Giamartino
Global Group President, CFO & Chief Investment Officer

So yes, we put in place the $100 million buyback this quarter. But going forward, buybacks will be a part
of our capital allocation strategy, and we're going to balance it with the remainder of our -- of how we
look at -- we allocate our capital across M&A and organic investments. But it is a part of a programmatic
buyback.

Kristyn Farahmand
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Finance

And then, Andrew, this is Kristyn. Just to jump in for a moment, you're right. The increase in stock
compensation expense is basically purely a result of the fact that the financial performance has been so
robust.

Andrew Leonard Rosivach
Wolfe Research, LLC

Got it. So if we were going to -- the only reason why it would repeat again in 2022 would be, again, if
CBRE had outstanding performance?

Kristyn Farahmand
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Finance

Yes.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

My first question regards inflation. And I was wondering if you can comment on just the overall effect on
the business and whether that brings some costs back that you had cut last year back a little bit sooner.
And then the second part of the inflation question for me relates to GWS and whether there's a material
impact on things like maybe incentive contracts where you're maybe going to earn money if you saved the
client certain costs, but maybe that's harder now because of inflation?

Emma E. Giamartino
Global Group President, CFO & Chief Investment Officer

Yes, absolutely. So I think I'll comment overall on our business. We feel very comfortable that we're well
positioned to weather inflationary pressures across our business. I did mention in my remarks that we
see a natural hedge within our GWS contracts overall. And then we also see a natural hedge in other
parts of our business with property management, for example. So within property management, as rents
rise, as an inflation rises, our revenue in property management also rises. And then on the transactional

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

side of the business, it tends to benefit from inflation given that inflation tends to only happen when the
economy is expanding. So across all those businesses, we feel very comfortable that we can weather the
inflationary environment. And I will note that the one business that we are monitoring and focused on is
our development business and...

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then on the leasing side, it sounds like office is improving, but still below prior peaks. Can you give us
a sense as to what that order of magnitude is right now or perhaps even what the leasing revenue for you
all in dollars would be if office got back to normal?

Kristyn Farahmand
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Finance

So I don't think we're prepared to throw out a specific number right now, but we feel really good about the
leasing trajectory so far during October for the U.S.

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. But is it -- compared to, say, prior peaks, is this off like 5% or 30%, like just any order of
magnitude?

Kristyn Farahmand
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Finance

So we haven't been more specific than to talk specifically just about U.S. leasing overall. We haven't
drilled down into property type, and I don't think we want to get that granular right now. But we did
identify the fact that U.S. leasing so far is actually trending above the prior 2019 peak so far in the month
of October.

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then last question in REI. You laid out the expected growth between investment management
and development. I'm just wondering, I think when you have your supplemental disclosure, you show also
like an overhead, I guess, amount in Hana kind of losses. Is there a piece of that we should think about as
well to net into sort of those brackets?

Emma E. Giamartino
Global Group President, CFO & Chief Investment Officer

We expect those Hana losses to continue to decline. We've transferred that business over to industrious,
and we're still holding some leases, but the occupancy in those leases continues to increase. So that -- as
that increases, those losses should decline over the next year.

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. But if I'm just thinking about the REI segment in totality, if I just do the up 30% that you laid out
and then the triple on development, that gets us to about $548 million for the year. Do we have to net
some amount of overhead against that for that segment's operating profit? Or is that the number?

Emma E. Giamartino
Global Group President, CFO & Chief Investment Officer

But I think you can probably look at the last few quarters to get an idea.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Bob or Emma, I was just curious if you could maybe share your thoughts on just office in general and
the commentary and comments, you're having with seniors about bringing people back to the office,
how they're using work, hybrid work, what that means for the office long term and just sort of how that
dovetails in with your Industrious investment?

Robert E. Sulentic
President, CEO & Director

Well, the -- that's a complex question, Steve. The Industrious investment, we believe, is a bit of a hedge
against -- not even a bit, a significant hedge against what we have said now for some time is that we
expect there to be some downward pressure on the office product type relative to where it has been
historically. But we've studied this flex dynamic over and over and over and spent a huge amount of time
with our occupier clients. And the general view is that they expect flex space to be a bigger portion of their
office space use going forward than it has been historically. And landlords expect it to be a fixture in their
buildings in general going forward. So we think the future for Industrious is quite bright. We voted with
our pocketbook as they stay when we invested in that business, and we are prepared to make incremental
investments to support their growth. We're quite, quite bullish about what might happen with Industrious.

As it relates to the office product type in general, I think our company and our own plans about what to
do with our people is a bit of a proxy for what's going on in the marketplace. There's uncertainty. We had
thought we would have a significant return to the office kind of inflection point after Labor Day because
people were more and more aimed at getting their teams back into the office for all the reasons we know,
collaboration, culture, et cetera. Well, when the Delta Variant came, it pushed that back. We now think
that inflection point is probably going to be the first of the year. And we think people will come back to
the office in the same way they would have come back to the office had the Delta Variant not occurred.
And our view that we've articulated for the past several quarters is that's going to be something like 80%,
85% of where it was before. But again, we're all trying to figure out what the future of office space is
going to be. But we believe what we've really seen is a delay from Labor Day to the first of the year.

And I can tell you, I interface with a lot of clients, interface with a lot of CEOs and talk to them about
their plans. In general, they believe that getting back to the office in a significant way -- not all the way
back to where they were before, there will be hybrid work going on long into the future. But getting back
significantly is in people's plans. And we think that's going to impact our business positively. One thing
that, I believe, close to not arguable, what we're seeing today is not as good as what we're going to see in
the future as it relates to office buildings. We're still significantly impacted by COVID. But as you saw, the
gap between peak leasing performance in the office sector in the third quarter was meaningfully smaller
than it was in the second quarter.

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. And then maybe a question for Emma. I just wanted to circle back on the buybacks because I think
you did ramp up activity in the third quarter. And I think either on the last call or the call before, you guys
had talked about maybe having a bit more of a programmatic share buyback program, and given that your
leverage is below 0, I mean, is that something we should be thinking about, that $100 million as being a
bit of a placeholder for buybacks?

Emma E. Giamartino
Global Group President, CFO & Chief Investment Officer

So we're at the point right now where we're obviously in a very positive net cash position at 0.3 turns.
We've generated a record amount of free cash flow over the last 12 months. So we're very happy with
our balance sheet position and our free cash flow generation. And we're really taking this time to reassess
what our capital allocation strategy is and how we're going to return cash to shareholders. And so we think
we're in a really strong position. We're still very focused on looking for avenues to invest in our company
both organically and through M&A, where we can drive growth and resiliency. And we're going to do some
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

more work around how we balance that with our -- with cash return to shareholders. And so I'm not yet
ready to speak about it more specifically, but as we continue to evolve our thinking, we'll be sure to be
transparent with all of you.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next questions come from the line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair.

Stephen Hardy Sheldon
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

It sounds like you've seen a pretty big sequential step up in the GWS pipeline. But what's driving the
slightly lower growth outlook for GWS now in 2021? I think mid- to high-single digits now. I think you
talked about high single digits previously. And how big of an issue are labor challenges in that business
and your ability to staff and, I guess, launch new contracts?

Robert E. Sulentic
President, CEO & Director

I don't think labor challenges are causing problems in terms of launching new contracts. They are causing
some challenges in terms of staffing. We and our clients are like everybody else. There's a real war for
talent, and it's impacting the things we do. What you're seeing on the rebuild of the pipeline and the
relative -- slightly relative downward pressure we've seen on the growth trajectory of the enterprise
portion of our outsourcing business is that people have found it difficult to make decisions, not knowing
what's going to go on with office space. And they found it difficult to make decisions because they aren't
in the office together, coordinating all the things you need to coordinate to make massive commitments
the way outsourcing contracts require you to make to move forward at the pace we're moving forward
before. These commitments that these occupiers are making on these outsourcing contracts can be
multibillion-dollar commitments over years. And so when the teams that are dealing with the strategy
and the procurement teams, and the C-suite aren't in the office, interfacing with each other, aren't certain
about where they're going to go, things slow down. Now we're seeing a market increase, a significant
increase in our pipeline from where we were a year ago, which is indicative of the fact that people are
getting back to being able to make these decisions with a little more clarity. But that's really what you're
seeing in terms of the pipeline, where it was a year ago, where it was 2 years ago and where it is now.

Stephen Hardy Sheldon
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Got it. Makes sense. And then I guess on the transactional business lines, I guess what are you seeing
in capital markets and leasing pipelines heading into the seasonally important fourth quarter? And are
you starting to get, I guess, any visibility in the transactional businesses as you look into the early part of
2020?

Robert E. Sulentic
President, CEO & Director

There is a huge amount of capital out there trying to get into the real estate space, and that's particularly
true with industrial assets, with life sciences assets, with multifamily assets, and even with office assets
that are high quality and have the right tenancy. So we think this year has been a great year for capital
markets for both sales and financing, and we think we're going to have another great year next year. The
trajectory on leasing is very positive. The quarter-over-quarter trajectory and compare to peak year is
very positive. And so we believe next year will be a good year for leasing, how good it's going to unfold as
we go through the fourth quarter. I will tell you that October has been very encouraging.

Operator

Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Bob
Sulentic for any closing remarks.

Robert E. Sulentic

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to talking with you again when we report our year
end numbers.

Operator
Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines
at this time. Have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CBRE GROUP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

