CDW Corporation NasdaqGS:CDW
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 06, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.38

1.38

Revenue  (mm)

4383.07

4389.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2020 3:23 PM GMT

0.00

0.14

1.32

5.64

6.46

4283.96

17737.17

18661.83

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.52

1.58

1.48

1.38

1.60

1.70

1.57

1.38

5.26 %

7.59 %

6.08 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brittany A. Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations, Financial Planning &
Analysis

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Margaret Marie Niesen Nolan
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Paul Coster
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the CDW First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speakers today, Brittany Smith, VP of Investor
Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis. Please go ahead.

Brittany A. Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations, Financial Planning & Analysis

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me remotely today to review our first quarter financial
results are Chris Leahy, our Chief Executive Officer; and Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer.

Our first quarter earnings release was distributed this morning and is available on our website,
investor.cdw.com, along with supplemental slides that you can use to follow along during the call.

I'd like to remind you that certain comments made in this presentation are considered forward-looking
statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information
concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in the earnings release and Form 8-K we furnished to
the SEC today and in the company's other filings with the SEC.

CDW assumes no obligation to update the information presented during this webcast. Our presentation
also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP
earnings per share. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP
measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts in the slides for today's webcast
and in our earnings release and Form 8-K we furnished to the SEC today.

Please note that all references to growth rates or dollar amount increases on our remarks today are versus
the comparable period in 2019, unless otherwise indicated. In addition, all references to growth rates for
hardware, software and services today represent U.S. net sales only and do not include the results from
CDW U.K. or Canada. Also there was one more selling day in the first quarter of 2020 as compared to
2019.

Replay of this webcast will be posted to our website later today. I also want to remind you that this
conference call is a property of CDW and may not be recorded or rebroadcast without specific written
permission from the company.

With that, let me turn the call over to Chris.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Brittany. I first want to take a moment to share our respects from CDW to all who are suffering
hardships or loss as we face this COVID-19 health crisis and also to recognize the extraordinary sacrifices
and contributions being made by so many who are devoting themselves to serving others.

I'll begin this morning with a high-level overview of first quarter results and drivers of performance. I'll
also discuss how we are addressing the coronavirus pandemic and its impact on our coworkers, customers
and operations, and share some thoughts on the balance of 2020. Collin will then take you through a more
detailed look at our first quarter financials as well as our liquidity position and capital allocation strategies.
We'll move quickly through our prepared remarks to ensure we have plenty of time for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

We had a very strong first quarter. Net sales were $4.4 billion, 9.2% above last year on an average daily
sales basis, adjusted for the impact of one more business day in the first quarter of 2020 than 2019 and
up 9.4% in constant currency.

Non-GAAP operating income was $304 million, an increase of 5.8%. This includes a $29 million increase
on our credit loss reserve to reflect the macroeconomic environment due to COVID-19. Non-GAAP net
income per share was $1.38, up 11% on a reported basis and up 11.3% in constant currency.

As the quarter progressed in March, we served a meaningful increase in customer demand. CDW teams
orchestrated solutions for client devices, accessories, collaboration tools, security and others from our
broad portfolio to address our customers' remote work and business continuity needs. We experienced
solid results across the U.S. business, with all 5 U.S. channels growing high single digit and solid local
performance from our international teams. This growth came from both existing and new customers.

To address anticipated supply constraints, we've leveraged our scale, distribution centers, extensive
logistics capabilities, strong vendor partner relationship and healthy balance sheet and liquidity position,
fulfilling our customers' and prospects' urgent and critical IT needs. We procured the supply in key
categories early and managed through longer industry lead times for our customers in a supply-
constrained environment.

Our net sales performance for the quarter was balanced, with 9% growth for both U.S. hardware and
software and 26% services growth. In March, customer priority quickly redirected to remote workforce
enablement and work continuity, driving strong transactional performance of almost 20%. During this
time, customers deprioritized infrastructure and less urgent service projects, resulting in a low single-digit
year-over-year decline for solutions.

Cloud customers spend in gross profit increased double digits driven by strong growth in collaboration,
security and productivity, workloads consistent with remote workforce enablement. We generated strong
double-digit growth in product categories that enabled work from home and operations continuity plan,
including client devices, both notebooks and desktops, video, collaboration tools, configuration services
and security. Our teams orchestrated a seamless combination of these products and services, plus others
from our broad portfolio to provide full solutions to our customers. Clearly, the team delivered strong
performance. I am proud of and grateful to our coworkers who persevered for our customers.

Now looking more closely at our customer end markets performance. Our corporate and small business
teams both delivered over 8% growth driven by double-digit growth in transactional categories as the
team successfully developed work-from-home capabilities for our customers. The government team
increased sales almost 15%. Federal had another excellent quarter with sales up double digit primarily
driven by the Census project. The state and local team also delivered double-digit growth driven by strong
transactional and solutions performance that enabled remote work capabilities and aided crisis readiness
efforts. Education increased 17% with strong double-digit growth in both higher ed and K-12. Customers
in both markets were focused on enabling remote learning capabilities.

Our health care team delivered 7% growth primarily driven by transactional product categories to adapt to
the new care delivery environment. Other, which represents our U.K. and Canadian operations, increased
3% on a reported basis. U.K. was up low single digits in constant currency that was on top of 4 years of
first quarter double-digit growth. The U.K. team has been instrumental in helping with the government's
response to COVID-19, providing crucial technology to the new critical care field hospitals as well as
enabling remote work capabilities for our customers.

Canada increased double digits, also driven by remote work enablement and strong demand from health
care and education customers.

Our first quarter operating and financial performance reflected the combined power of our balanced
portfolio of customer end markets, our full suite of solutions and services that can address even rapidly
shifting customer priorities across the IT landscape, and our ongoing success executing our 3-part
strategy for growth. I want to take a minute to review each of these for 2 reasons: first, because these

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

are important drivers of CDW's first quarter performance; and second, they provide a framework to think
about CDW's performance under various macroeconomic conditions.

As you know, we have 5 U.S. sales channels that each generated annual net sales of more than $1.5
billion in 2019: corporate; small business; government; education; and health care. This scale enables
us to further align sales teams into vertical customer end markets, including federal government, state
and local government, K-12 and higher education, providing us insight into our customers' objectives and
goals and positioning us as a trusted partner. In addition, we have our U.K. and Canadian operations,
which together delivered over USD 2 billion of net sales in 2019. The diversity of our customer end
market service us well when macro or other external challenges impact various industries and businesses
differently. This is especially relevant in the current environment.

Next, the breadth of our offerings. With over 100,000 products, services and solutions for more than
1,000 vendor partners, we are well positioned to meet our customers' total needs across the spectrum of
IT and can pivot quickly to trends in customer demand.

And finally, our 3-part strategy for growth, which is: first, to acquire new customers and capture share;
second, enhance our solutions capabilities; and third, expand our services capabilities. Each pillar is crucial
to our ability to profitably assess, design, deliver and manage the integrated technology solutions our
customers want and need today and in the future.

Before I turn to our thoughts about the balance of the year, I want to provide insights into our approach
to managing COVID-19's impact on our business. To holistically manage our response in mid-February, we
activated a cross-functional response team led by executive committee members. The team leveraged our
preestablished crisis management protocols to ensure we responded as quickly as possible. The team has
3 key principles: safeguard the health and well-being of our coworkers; serve the mission-driven needs of
our customers and partners; and support our communities.

One of the key actions we took to maintain the impact of the virus on our customers, on our coworkers
and our operations was to implement a global work-from-home order for office coworkers in mid-March.
We have excellent IT infrastructure and support, so the transition to work-from-home was swift and
seamless. We are monitoring developments closely, developing plans accordingly, and we will be prepared
for our return to office at the appropriate time.

We are focused on our coworker's safety and well-being in the workplace. To do this at our 3 distribution
and configuration centers, we are operating under precautionary measures advised by public health
authorities, including social distancing, segmented shifts, personal protective equipment, enhanced facility
cleanings and temperature screening for anyone entering the facilities. Currently, all distribution and
configuration centers are fully operational.

At the end of March, to limit the virus spread after a few coworkers tested positive for COVID-19, we
decided to close our Vernon Hills, Illinois distribution center for several days and to require a shift of
configuration center coworkers to self-isolate. These actions did not have a material impact as the teams
leverage flexibility in our distribution and configuration capabilities where possible. Our distribution center
in Las Vegas fulfilled customer orders, and orders were dropped shipped directly to customers and where
not, shipping times modestly increased.

I regard our exceptional coworkers and our unique culture to be a meaningful competitive advantage.
Our team has responded to the current environment in exemplary ways. One example is our internal gig
marketplace created to match areas of our business where demand has spiked, with internal talents on
temporary assignment.

Another example is the reallocating of our sales and technical resources to where the growth is and will be
going, which we successfully did during the Great Recession. We will again be nimble by identifying and
implementing ways to optimally utilize our highly skilled coworkers.

In addition, and consistent with our strong culture of giving, CDW has and continues to contribute
meaningfully to support the COVID-19 response efforts locally in the U.S., U.K. and Canada.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Now let me turn to our 2020 financial performance. As a result of COVID-19 and the unknown duration
and depth of its impact, we withdrew our 2020 targets on April 16, as most all companies are doing.
The near-term impact of COVID-19 on some customers we serve could be meaningful, with some end
markets impacted more significantly than others. Consistent with prior experience where commercial
customers have reacted relatively quickly to economic conditions, we anticipate the demand will be lower
for some of our small business and corporate customers. We expect demand from our public customers to
be relatively firmer, led by resiliency in our federal channel due to the Census project and the IT priorities
we support, including infrastructure upgrades and security enhancements to remain top priorities. Demand
will likely be mixed for our other public channels with budget uncertainty for health care, state and local
and education customers. We continue to track stimulus support and, where possible, help our customers
navigate the various programs.

Regarding product categories, we expect customers to prioritize mission-critical IT spending and for some
to push out longer-term solutions projects, including infrastructure projects and service engagement.

In recent weeks, our focus has shifted to helping our customers manage their work-from-home
environments at scale. Solutions that -- solutions for that includes security, network augmentation to
accommodate new demand, remote performance management, virtual desktops and effective application
management. Longer term, we expect our customers and prospective customers to design and implement
technology-driven strategies to not just survive, but to thrive. We expect to see an acceleration in digital
transformation, cloud migration and automation strategies, as companies invest to successfully compete in
the future.

We believe that technology will be as or more essential to all sectors of our economy and will play an
increasingly important role in the years ahead. We intend to continue to help our customers navigate
the complex IT landscape. During our 35-year history, CDW has a successful track record of evolving
with customer needs in the ever-evolving IT industry. We are committed to continuing to invest in our
3-part strategy, including the capabilities that will position us to best serve our customers, optimize
our productivity and enhance our competitive position. As we do so, we will keep a watchful eye on the
impact of COVID-19, the macro environment and other unpredictable variables, such as potential supply
disruptions, trade policies and the upcoming U.S. election.

CDW will continue to do what we do best: leverage our competitive advantages to help our customers
address their IT priorities and achieve their strategic objectives and out-execute our competition. While
this is a particularly uncertain and challenging time for all, I'm confident that CDW will continue to grow to
new heights.

Now Collin will share more details on our financial performance. Collin?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to provide more detail on our first quarter results
and capital allocation priorities in the current environment.

Turning to our first quarter P&L on Slide 9. Consolidated net sales were $4.4 billion, up 10.9% on a
reported basis and 9.2% on an average daily sales basis as we had one additional selling day. On a
constant currency average daily sales basis, consolidated net sales grew 9.4%.

On an average daily sales basis, sequential sales decreased 4.8% versus the fourth quarter of 2019. This
was better than expected and historical seasonality. As the quarter progressed and we moved into March,
the impact of COVID-19 led to a meaningful increase in customer demand for client devices, accessories,
collaboration tools, security and other solutions to keep customers' operations running. While there were
pockets of supply dislocation, as Chris mentioned, we leveraged our scale and distribution capabilities
to help customers get access to the IT they needed for business continuity. Some portion of the record
monthly sales we achieved in March is likely attributable to a pull forward of future demand, but it's
difficult to quantify at this point.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Gross profit for the quarter was $757 million, an increase of 12.6%. Gross margin was 17.2%, up 20
basis points over last year, driven by product margin and services, partially offset by netted down revenue
streams not growing as fast as net sales.

Turning to our SG&A on Slide 10. Our non-GAAP SG&A increased 17.6%. The increase was primarily
driven by a $29 million increase in our credit loss reserve to reflect the macroeconomic environment as a
result of the impact of COVID-19. SG&A also reflects higher payroll cost, consistent with higher coworker
count and higher gross profit as well as roughly $2 million of incremental COVID-19 expenses primarily to
safeguard our coworkers.

Coworker count of 10,104 was up 670 coworkers from March 2019, with approximately 100 of the year-
over-year increase from the Aptris acquisition and the remaining from organic coworker investments.
Roughly 60% of the 670 coworkers added year-over-year are in customer-facing roles. As you know, we
have a variable cost structure given that sales commissions are paid on a percentage of gross profit, and
growth in coworker count is one of our biggest investments. We have implemented hiring restrictions and
are letting attrition run for a while, as we closely monitor the macroeconomic and demand environments.

GAAP operating income was $246 million, up 7.4%. Our non-GAAP operating income, which better reflects
operating performance, was $304 million, an increase of 5.8%. Non-GAAP operating income margin was
6.9%.

Moving to Slide 11. Interest expense was $38 million for both the first quarter of 2020 and 2019. Our
GAAP effective tax rate, shown on Slide 12, was 20.7% in the quarter, up 50 basis points compared to last
year. This resulted in first quarter tax expense of $44 million. To get to our non-GAAP effective tax rate,
we adjust taxes consistent with non-GAAP net income add-backs, including excess tax benefits associated
with equity-based compensation, which is shown on Slide 13. For the quarter, our non-GAAP effective tax
rate was 25.9%, up 10 basis points versus last year's rate.

As you can see on Slide 14, with first quarter weighted average diluted shares outstanding of $145 million,
GAAP net income per share was $1.16, up 13.1%. Our non-GAAP net income was $200 million in the
quarter, up 7.9% over last year. Non-GAAP net income per share was $1.38, up 11% from last year. The
increase in the credit loss reserve equates to approximately $0.15 per share.

Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 15. Liquidity is a clear priority in the current environment. As of
March 31, cash and cash equivalents were $214 million, and net debt was $3.3 billion. Our cash plus
revolver availability was $1.2 billion. Subsequent to quarter end, we bolstered our liquidity position by
issuing $600 million of senior unsecured notes at a coupon of 4 1/8% for general corporate purposes.
Additional measures to enhance liquidity include suspending share repurchases and implementing various
cost savings initiatives.

Free cash flow for the quarter was $116 million, as shown on Slide 16. This is lower-than-normal
seasonality and below last year's $303 million for several reasons. One, because sales growth was back-
end loaded in the quarter, the receivables associated with those sales are sitting on the March 31 balance
sheet. Two, we mixed out of vendors with extended payment terms. And three, we leveraged our scale
and distribution centers to increase investment and inventory to better support customers in a supply-
constrained environment.

Moving to Slide 17. The 3-month average cash conversion cycle was 20 days, up 3 days from last year's
first quarter. The balance sheet dynamics I just described are somewhat moderated when you look at 3-
month average working capital metrics because of how sales phasing played out in the quarter. Looking
ahead, our working capital metrics could be impacted as we strategically invest in inventory or due to
pressure on receivable collections as customers are impacted by the macroeconomic environment. One
of our greatest assets is our long-term customer relationships, and we know it's important to be there for
customers during challenging times, like we were during The Great Recession. We will continue to balance
managing customers' working capital needs, while appropriately managing risk.

For the quarter, we deployed $195 million of cash to shareholders, which included $54 million of dividends
and $141 million of share repurchases at an average price of approximately $123 per share.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Turning to capital allocation on Slide 18. As I mentioned earlier, we are focused on liquidity and have
reassessed other uses of capital within that context. Our priorities are: first, continue to pay the dividend.
Today, we announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.38 per common share, reflecting CDW's strong
liquidity position and confidence in the cash flow generation capability of the business. We expect to
evaluate any changes in the dividend in the fourth quarter of this year consistent with historical timing.
Future dividends will be subject to Board approval.

Second, ensure we have the right capital structure in place. We remain comfortable with the current target
net leverage ratio of 2.5 to 3.0x for several reasons: one, we have no debt maturities in 2020 and just $57
million due in 2021; two, the weighted average interest rate on the debt portfolio was 3.9%, pro forma
for the $600 million notes issued in April, so cash interest is manageable; and three, our debt capital
structure is covenant light. We ended the quarter with net leverage at 2.2x, slightly below the low end of
our target range and flat to year-end 2019.

Our third capital allocation priority is to supplement organic growth with strategic acquisitions. A
challenging economic environment could present attractive M&A opportunities, so we remain active in
evaluating targets. Any decision to deploy capital for acquisitions will be a function of our usual screens,
strategic rationale, operating and cultural fit and financial return, all within the context of liquidity at that
point in time.

Fourth, as I noted previously, we suspended our share repurchase program to enhance liquidity. With first
quarter buybacks of 1.1 million shares, we have already offset expected dilution associated with stock
compensation for this year. The decision on when to resume stock buybacks will be dependent on several
considerations, including the macroeconomic environment, liquidity and working capital, leverage and
other potential uses of cash, such as M&A.

Lastly, on the topic of capital. We intend to continue capital expenditure investments in the business. We
have a CapEx-light model, historically running around 0.5 point of sales or slightly more. We believe it's
important to continue prudently investing in the capabilities that will allow us to better serve customers,
drive productivity and ultimately emerge from this crisis in a stronger competitive position.

While we have withdrawn 2020 targets and will not be providing an updated financial outlook, I do want to
provide insights into what we're seeing roughly 5 weeks into the quarter. On the demand side, customer
activity has been mixed. We entered April with a healthy backlog of remote workforce enablement
solutions, which contributed to solid shipment growth in April. However, writings in corporate and small
business were down double digits year-over-year, which will weigh on shipments going forward. This is
consistent with past experience where we've seen commercial customers react sooner to macroeconomic
conditions.

On the other hand, public sector writings were up year-over-year, reflecting strength in government and
K-12 and more muted demand in higher education and health care. Our international businesses are
generally seeing similar trends with their customers. You may recall that both the U.K. and Canada have a
lower mix of sales to public sector customers than the U.S.

On the supply side, we continue to navigate through a fluid environment, with pockets of dislocation
extending lead times in certain categories. We are in constant contact with our vendor partners, whose
manufacturing operations are generally back up and running. Freight is a challenge, resulting in pricing
surcharges and price increases on certain products. On the operating front, both distribution centers in the
U.S. continue to be fully operational since the brief closure of our Vernon Hills, Illinois distribution center
at the end of March.

Finally, I want to provide an update on the Device as a Service solution to the U.S. Census Bureau. The
contribution to first quarter sales was generally in line with expectations. In March, the Census Bureau
temporarily suspended field data collection activities, and steps are being taken to reactivate field offices
next month. In April, the Census Bureau announced it was seeking statutory relief from Congress for an
additional 120 days, which would extend the window for field data collection and self-response to October
31. The delay is expected to shift a modest amount of net sales from Q4 -- to Q4 from Q2.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Finally, we are working with the Census Bureau to help meet the customers' objective of making up lost
time due to COVID-19. CDW expects to provide additional devices, enabling the Census to have more
workers in the field. As a result of these changes, we now expect the Census project to contribute up to
approximately 140 basis points of incremental sales growth in 2020. The rollout schedule is fluid, so we
could see revenue shift from 2020 into 2021. We will continue to provide updates on the Census as we
progress through 2020.
That concludes the financial summary. With that, I'll ask Olivia to open it up for questions. [Operator
Instructions]

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of Amit Daryanani from Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess maybe to start off with Collin or Chris. I was hoping that you could spend a few minutes maybe
just comparing how CDW performed through the '08, '09 recession. And what are the sort of the puts and
takes when one compares that to what's going on right now? Maybe you'd kind of frame that up, that'd
be really helpful. And then just -- I'll ask my second question as well upfront. How does the share gain
narrow to work for CDW in an environment like this? Is it easier? Are customers more willing to engage
with new vendors? Or is that something that happens in a post COVID post-recession world?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Okay. It's Chris, and I'll start, and then Collin can add in. When we think back to the 2009 recession,
first of all, I would say, as we all know, no 2 downturns are the same. And with respect to where we sit
today, we can't tell with any level of certainty what's going to happen. This is that essence the health crisis
and the economic issues are a derivative. But if we look back to 2008 and '09, it can be informative. So
if we look at the segments, corporate and small business, they did tend to react more quickly, as Collin
suggested in his script, to the downturn. And if you look at our investor deck, you can see that corporate
was down 22% and small business declined 18%, and so significantly.

The public sector channels, as we've mentioned, were more resilient, and we saw growth in government
and education. Health care was a little flat. But I would think about coming out of the recession, we
saw corporate, small business and health care grow quite nicely. And if you think about similarities, the
business model that we have, the resiliency of that business model, our ability to stick with our customers
and to offer them a wide [ slew ] of products, particularly coming out of this recession, remains strong. As
I think about today, we are in a stronger financial position than we were in 2008 and '09. And I remember,
Amit, meeting interest obligations in '09 when we were at 10x debt leverage, which was our peak. Today,
we have, obviously, a strong balance sheet and we have more opportunistic outlook.

I would also say that technology today has become much more essential to our customer strategy, hard
stop. There's been increasing complexity. The breadth of our portfolio, what we sell, our evolution has
grown. And so today, we're better positioned than ever to help our customers through this downturn. But
the lack of visibility that we all have still makes it difficult to predict with any level of certainty. Collin?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Chris, I don't know that I have much more to add to that. That was a pretty thorough review. I mean
as you think about the various channels, as we've said, corporate and small business reacted sooner. GDP
bottomed, I think, in the fourth quarter of 2008 and then improved sequentially. It was still down a bit
year-over-year over the next couple of quarters. We saw corporate and small business react very swiftly in
the first quarter of '09, so that first quarter declined more than the full year. And then the rates of decline
improved as we move throughout the year. But as Chris said, look, every recession like this is different. So
not much more to add other than that.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Amit, I'd add one more thing, and I'll come back to your second question is when you think about
the complexion of our resources, and remember, we've got over 3,000 technologists today, and we're
really very well positioned to support customers and where they're heading. As we think about what might

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

accelerate coming out of this current situation, we've got physical distance. Digital is now mandatory. It's
a prerequisite for market survival, frankly, and we're very well positioned to help our customers with that.

But on your second question on taking market share, we did acquire a healthy dose of new customers. We
had product to offer them, and we could get it to them quickly. So we feel confident that we were able to
take share in this environment.

Operator

Our next question coming from the line of Matt Cabral with Crédit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. Just given the magnitude of uncertainty that's out there right now, can you just talk a little bit about
how you're thinking about managing the expense base versus the desire to maintain investment and just
how we should think about the flexibility of SG&A this time around compared to prior downturns?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Matt, it's Chris, and I'll start, and then Collin, you can add in. Listen, you know we have a naturally
variable cost structure. And just as it did in 2008 and '09, we benefit from that as we go through
downturns like this. I would say that we've been proactive and prudent. We consider to manage our
business prudently, part of what we need to do every day. But the team has been at this in a very granular
level on a daily basis, watching a couple of things. Obviously, demand, we're very focused on sales trends
by channel, gross profit that we're seeing in NGLI, and we're managing that and looking at that more
closely than we ever had.

Obviously, from a liquidity position, Collin and his team have been very granular around our cash
collections and other things that impact our liquidity. So I would say, number one, we've been very
proactive and very detail-oriented and making changes and moves quickly as opposed to waiting. As
Collin mentioned in his prepared remarks, I think, we've already done things like change events and other
expenses that we can do. We do have a performance excellence team. We've talked about this before. It's
called reinvent to reinvest, and they have actually contributed meaningfully over the past few years to our
results. And they are laser-focused on our operating model and ensuring that we are being as efficient and
effective as we possibly can. So as we go through this, frankly, what we're doing is we're managing the
business, but we aren't being shy about really finding places to improve from an operational perspective
of the business, so that we can continue to invest as we move forward. And some of that might be not
moving some resources. We've been working on that. We've got resources that actually can flex across the
business. That's part of the beauty of the types of sellers and technical folks that we have in terms of their
experience and their capabilities and our training programs, which are such an engine for us. So we're also
moving resources on the right opportunities. Collin?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I guess I would just add, again, Matt, we have a variable cost structure. Sales compensation paid on
gross profit is our biggest expense. And our biggest investment is in people cost, and so letting attrition
run add some variability to the cost structure. Obviously, we've taken a look at other parts of the cost
structure, travel, events and things like that, that don't make sense in this environment.

As Chris mentioned, ongoing productivity and efficiency is a part of the culture, and we've dialed that
up. And we'll continue to be disciplined in managing costs, and we'll make adjustments based on market
conditions and the demand environment as we go down the road here. But we are going to prudently
invest in the business, so that we do emerge from this crisis in a stronger competitive position.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Got it. And then in the prepared remarks, you talked about supply constraints a few times. Can you just
talk about what availability of product looks like across your business right now? And going forward, just
how you're thinking about managing inventory given the lack of visibility versus the potential for any
future disruption of the supply chain?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, sure. I would say -- I think we used the word fluid or dynamic. It's choppy out there. We are running
heavy on inventory just because we felt it made sense to carry additional days of safety stock. We provide
preorders to some of our customers, and they get a lot of benefit out of that. So we're doing that to try
to mitigate some of the choppiness in the market. I would say, unsurprisingly, there's a lot of demand
for notebooks, so that's where we have taken some of our inventory positions as well as within the
Chromebook market, obviously, given the strain that this has placed on our education systems. And then
I would say, we've seen lead times pick up in some other categories on the solutions side of the business
in servers. It's not, I would say, disruptive per se, but just extended lead times. And then I did comment a
little bit about where we have seen some price increases, and that's primarily due to just increased freight
cost that our OEM vendor partners are incurring and the passing along of some of those costs. So we have
seen some price increases in client devices as well as within servers.

Operator

Our next question coming from the line of Adam Tindle with Raymond James.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Chris, I just wanted to start with some questions around the structural changes to the competitive
landscape. Obviously, there's a number of clients out there in the industry that are hurting, and you're
in a position to issue $600 million of debt at attractive financing terms to help those clients. But industry
landscape is very fragmented. There's many small players that won't have visibility. So maybe you could
just touch on how you see the competitive landscape changing as this unfolds. What structural changes
are you thinking about?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. On that, I want to make sure I understand your question. You're talking about customers? You're
talking about others within the channel that are competitors for CDW?

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Other competitors in the channel to CDW and whether this leads to basically more industry consolidation
over time as you potentially gain share through this.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Yes, thanks for the question. I think, look, when there is a downturn of any kind that is severe, it
exposes weaknesses across any industry. And not like -- not unlike other industries, I think we will see
that certainly in our industry. And as we've said, we'll continue to keep our eye on opportunistic M&A. And
I wouldn't say that we would -- you've heard me say this before, I wouldn't say that we're focused on a
roll-up, but we certainly are focused on M&A that fits our various lenses that you know well. It's strategic
fit, operational fit, cultural fit, makes financial sense. We haven't turned that lens off, and we will continue
to look.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Okay. And just as a follow-up, Collin, on the $600 million debt offering, part of that, you talked about
helping our clients. Just if you could double-click on what you mean by that. It would seem to be a
bridge to help maybe on payment terms, so why not tap the revolver for that? And also the systems and
processes you're putting in place to control risk as you do so.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. Thanks, Adam. I think in terms of the $600 million, just in this kind of environment, given the
uncertainty and with a wide range of outcomes out there and very difficult to probability-assess where
those outcomes are going to be, we just felt it was prudent to go and get excess liquidity. And I think most
companies in corporate America that have the ability to do so went ahead and did that. We were able
to get it at an attractive rate at 4 and 1/8%. So we viewed it as relatively inexpensive insurance in case
these outcomes go to a more bearish place. But in the event we don't need the insurance, it's relatively
cheap capital that we can deploy offensively.

In terms of what we would do with that, we are mindful of the pressure that -- that's out there for
customers. So I think in terms of investing it in working capital, I talked a fair amount about potentially
using some of that within inventory and to help smooth out some of the disruption that's out there, and
that would competitively advantage CDW as well as help our customers get access to the IT they need,
sooner rather than later.

From a receivables perspective, obviously, our customers are under pressure, and they're managing their
own liquidity circumstances and looking at their cost structures and things like that. One of the things that
CDW does is we orchestrate financing solutions for our customers. So obviously, our OEM vendor partners
and others make financing available. And so we've been very active in making those solutions available to
our customers and that obviously helps both the customer, but also helps us manage our DSO risk. There
are certain situations where customers are under pressure, and we'll deal with those on a case-by-case
basis.

In terms of how we're managing risk, we did a pretty thorough review of the portfolio in terms of
credit limits and where we had exposures to various industries and customers and adjusted credit risk
appropriately, again, managing or balancing some of these longstanding customer relationships we have,
while still protecting the balance sheet and ensuring we had an appropriate risk profile in place. And
obviously, again, like every other company in corporate America, we are very closely monitoring our daily
cash collections and understanding where risks might be emerging in the portfolio and then adjusting
credit limits accordingly.

Operator

Our next question coming from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

For the first question, I'd like to ask, how many of your coworkers are currently still working from home?
And how did that impact your ability to close deals in the first quarter? Or maybe if you can just help us
quantify the impact of COVID-19 on both the top line and on the operating profit line in calendar 1Q.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's Chris. On the coworkers, we have north of 80% of our coworkers are now work-from-home.
And the others are in our distribution centers, configuration centers and on-site engineers and a few
security folks who are also on site. So it's a fairly large portion of our workforce. And I'll give kudos to
our technology teams and all of those individuals because the move to work-from-home was swift and
seamless. Our IT infrastructure was ready to go. And it was almost eerie how a few hiccups we had on
that Monday morning. My view on their productivity is it's been incredibly strong. And in many ways, you
might have heard this from other companies, this is driving even higher levels of productivity in some

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

areas and greater connection between our own workforce and with our customers. It's been really quite
interesting to see.

In terms of dimensionalizing impact from COVID-19 on the numbers, I just think that's almost impossible
to do. As we mentioned, we know, we saw the surge in March because of work-from-home and remote
work needs. And now there were some pull forward, a redirection of investment into that first quarter. But
to quantify it just seems impossible to do.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And just as a quick follow-up. As we stand -- as we sit here today, can you comment on the
business mix you're seeing between client devices and netted down items? And how do you see that
impacting margins?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, I mean as we commented in the prepared remarks, Ruplu, client devices, very strong in the quarter
and particularly as we exited the quarter. And also in my prepared comments, I talked about how we had
a pretty healthy backlog then that we carried into April that contributed to solid shipment growth. You
could assume that a lot of that was in the client device category. In terms of 100% gross margin items,
they did not grow as fast as the rest of the business in the first quarter. I think that was largely driven
by the focus on client devices and video and accessories and all the other things that you would need to
enable work-from-home and learn-from-home and things like that. I think it remains to be seen what's
going to happen as we go forward in terms of how some of those 100% gross margin items perform. It's
logical that those things that are cloud would see strong growth on a go-forward basis.

In previous environments, when things have slowed down, we have seen customers sweat assets. And you
can see warranties and software assurance and things like that pick up as well. But I think we'll need to
see what happens over the next few quarters here before I'd want to make a more definitive call on what
happens with that portion of the business.

Operator

Our next question coming from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

A clarification and then a question. First, when you referenced the double-digit declines in late March and
April for the corporate sector, was that a revenue comment or that was new bookings that won't impact
the reported results for several months? And then one of the clearest trends, and you talked about this in
your prepared remarks, is an acceleration in adoption of public cloud. Can you just talk about what you're
doing to enable the sales force or expand the portfolio of services to capture more value from that shift?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Katy, I'll take the first one and maybe Chris will take the second. Just to clarify my comment. When I
was talking about what we were seeing, those were comments really for the first 5 weeks of the second
quarter, so primarily April. And when I said shipments, we saw solid growth as a result of the backlog. You
can think of that as equivalent to a revenue. When we talk about writings or bookings, and that's what I
referred to as being down double digits in corporate and small business, those, at some point, turn into
future shipments or invoices, so that's more of a leading indicator. Hopefully, that clarifies it for you.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's perfect. That's what I figured. I just wanted to make sure.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Okay. And then I think...

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I'll take your question, Katy. On cloud, as you know, we've been building our capabilities around cloud
and the hybrid multi-cloud work environment now for years. And when we think about cloud generally,
I think about it adding even more complexity to the choices that our customers need to make. And you
add the uncertainty of the world that we're in today, there's even another layer of complexity. Even simple
cloud choices, like the video and call solutions that we all are using now, creates complexity for the IT staff
as they've got to enable coworkers to use it consistently and at high-performance levels, et cetera. So this
plays very well into our value proposition.

We have, as you know -- I think, we have over 250 cloud offerings on our line card, and we're essentially
-- our value prop is we're vendor and technology and consumption agnostic. So we can play that trusted
adviser role for organizations as they're sorting through what their strategies ought to be. And frankly,
when we talk to customers now, the questions, because they're moving so quickly, is help us figure this
out, what should we do, how should we do it. We're having those types of questions around assessing and
design more frequently than ever before. So you think about professional services, managed services for
public and hybrid cloud, those are areas that we have been investing in and we'll continue to invest in, so
we can help our customers assess their options, where to migrate, how to evaluate, how to integrate, how
to support the deployment and then how to manage cloud workloads. So I would say, it's a full spectrum
from assess, design, integrate and manage across a multi-cloud world.

Operator

Our next question coming from the line of Maggie Nolan with William Blair.

Margaret Marie Niesen Nolan
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

You've talked about kind of reallocating sales and technical resources, and maybe this builds on that
previous question a little bit. But obviously, some of that has probably been done to meet the surge in
demand in March and into April that you saw. But can you take a little bit more of a medium-term outlook
on that? Where are the strategic changes coming into play as we think about the coming quarters and the
rest of the year?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Maggie, so in connection with the resources, yes, think about it a couple of different ways. One is you
think -- I think about our sales organization and where demand is and how we can help generate demand
and also help customers facilitate through stimulus packages and things like that. So some of the more
resilient end markets, we're ensuring that we've got the sales organizations well aligned from a resource
perspective there.

From a technology perspective, we've been building capabilities across the full spectrum of solutions
and certainly focused on the most pressing solutions right now. We talked about network augmentation,
things like that. But we are building our cloud capabilities, our automation capabilities. Aptris was a great
example of an acquisition that brought us extremely strong capabilities in a cornerstone IT software
application. And Scalar was another great example of doubling the size of our business up in Canada
through a strategic acquisition of organization that has premier cloud capabilities, both professional
services, all the way through to managed capabilities. And we continue to add those in the U.S. as well.
You might be familiar, we introduced our CDW Amplified Services last year. And one key focal area, a pillar
of those services, is around a multi-cloud environment. So we'll continue to focus there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

The other area that, I think, we all believe is going to be accelerating is helping customers with their
digital needs. Digital now is a matter of survival, in addition to competitive advantages. We hear it across
the board, even retail fast food organizations who are taking a real accelerated approach to digital. Our
technology organization has solutions architects as well as engineers who can support in the design and
deployment of digital strategies. And so we'll expect to see more and more of that, I think, over the next
few months. Those might not come to fruition perhaps until later in the year. But certainly, we are having
those conversations now.

Margaret Marie Niesen Nolan
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

And then as we think about some of the segments, obviously, you've stated it's very difficult to see
where demand is going to come from in terms of the client base. But if we think about the segments in
the context of your growth strategy, in particular, picking up market share, is there a strategic change
there, particularly maybe around small business, which is something that was starting to get traction and,
obviously, will change in this environment? And then we'd be interested to hear what you're hearing from
clients in higher ed and education in general as well given some of the dynamics going on in that segment
at the moment.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Okay. So let me try and take those in order. In terms of strategic shift, the way I'd think about it is
our overall strategy and the value proposition to our customers, it stays the same in terms of diversified
portfolio of end markets, breadth of product and services that we offer to meet the customers' needs now
and in the future.

In terms of new segments potentially or within segments, we also subsegment, and sub-verticalization
is a focus of how we serve our partners and our customers more effectively. And so, certainly, coming
out of this environment, I could envision some additional subsegmentation or markets that we serve in a
different way or a more concentrated way.

On the small business side, we've been investing in our e-commerce capabilities over the last several
years when we started the small business of standalone unit 2.5 years ago, and we've been seeing great
results. And I would expect, in this environment and in the future, that digital will play a continuing bigger
role in small business. But just as it will, with respect to the rest of our segments, I expect to see kind of a
human and digital combination be very strong.

Within education, on the K-12 side, we've seen strength there. And as you know, there's -- the educators
are focused on access and equity. There's a large proportion of students across the world and -- across
the U.S., excuse me, that do not have access to endpoint devices, client devices and/or the Internet. And
there's quite a focus on ensuring, as e-learning is expected to continue, that those devices get into their
hands. And so we're helping try to support that.

On the higher ed side, we saw strength in the first quarter, as we said. But equally, we think that budget,
I'll call it budget concerns, as we go into the latter half of the year in a couple of the segments, could
weigh on demand, and we'll have to see how that plays out.

Operator

Our next question coming from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I was wondering, Collin, you talked a bit about what you've seen in the past 5 weeks. And I was
wondering if you could talk a bit more -- you mentioned stimulus or maybe, Chris, you did during your
conversation. I'm just curious if you've seen any near-term changes in discussions as some of the dollars
have started to hit the small businesses as well as some of the states are starting to open up. So that's
almost sort of maybe a change in conversation in the last couple of weeks. And then I have a follow-up.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think it's difficult to say, Shannon, what -- how those stimulus dollars have changed the tone of the
conversation in just the past few weeks because it has been moving so quickly. I think those are part of
longer-term conversations with our customers and some of the resources we bring to bear in helping them
understand how those stimulus dollars are ultimately going to flow from CARES.

So for example, in education, I think there's $13 billion -- $30 billion roughly split between higher ed and
K-12, and it follows program funding and Title I and things like that. And helping our end-user customers
understand how those funds might be made available to them and ensuring that they have their best
opportunity to go ahead and access them. There've also been modifications made to e-rate and timing
changes. And again, just helping our customers understand those. So I would say, it's unlikely that it has
factored into the trends that I referenced in April. I think it's more of a go-forward opportunity.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Okay. And then I was curious, in the discussions with some of your customers, when obviously priority
shifted during the quarter to more work-from-home and just business continuity. The longer-term projects
that you had that are sort of in place, have those been canceled? Pushed out? Have any customers started
to revisit a time line for some of those? I'm just again trying to get into the mindset of your customer
base.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Yes, Shannon, thanks for that question. All of the above, I would say. And it is such a, I'll call it,
almost diverse experience, depending on the industry, depending on the customer. We have not seen a
large portion of customers cancel projects. That's the #1 thing. We have seen more customers who have
just diverted their resources and their attention to the more urgent needs. And they're still focused on
urgent needs in terms of optimizing the work-from-home or remote working situations that they're in.
There's a lot of focus on that right now. But equally, we have seen some customers who are coming back.
We've got some larger digital transformation projects that customers have actually accelerated, and we're
working with them across the board because, as I said before, it's a matter of obviously survival, but also
competitive advantage coming out of this. So it's quite a wide range, and I'm not sure there's much that
we can pull out of that in way of trend. We're just staying close to our customers and ensuring that we
keep the projects going forward that can. But very few have canceled, Shannon.

Operator

Our next question coming from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. Just one quick follow-up from me regarding your comments on the Census project in federal. It
sounds like trends in federal continue to be normal in terms of seasonal demand, the only change being,
Collin, your discussion about some of those Census projects get pushed out from Q2 to Q4. So could you
give us some more color on that and confirm that?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Matt. As both Chris and I said, we expect federal to hold up relatively well from a budget perspective.
And the time change I referenced was primarily due to the devices being in the field longer, which is
spreading the revenue over a longer period of time, largely from Q2 into Q4.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Okay. And just actually one more follow-up. Just regarding the surge in demand -- near-term demand
you're seeing for work at home solutions. And I know that's one slow trend that we've seen over the last
couple of years as is technology-as-a-service, where there's a leasing component. Are you seeing any
acceleration in that as customers look at their own capital requirements and their own balance sheets and
perhaps look to that as a service model?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Matt, I would say, I mean, in terms of the most recent surge, the objective was speed and getting it
deployed rapidly. So most of that transacted in a traditional way. I think, as we go forward, and customers
are wrestling with their own budget challenges, I think we could see that option enter into the discussion
more than it has historically. But in terms of the recent surge, it was primarily transacted in a traditional
purchase model.

Operator

Our next question coming from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan.

Paul Coster
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. A quick follow-up question on work-from-home, if you don't mind. Has this demand drawn you into
at-home sort of shipments, at-home installations, at-home maintenance of the client technology? If it has,
is that a good business to be in? And is it sort of yielding any sort of value-added opportunities of any
materiality?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's Chris. It has in some ways because of the urgency of getting the devices where they needed to
be. And CDW's team did a really great job of moving shipments. So I'll give you an example. When you've
got a shipment for 10,000 devices that goes to one location, and those 10,000 devices now need to go to
10,000 locations or 5,000 locations, that's not easy to do. And the organization did a great job of being
flexible and responsive there.

In terms of continuing to support, yes, we are adding additional hardware, software and support services
to these work-from-home and remote requirements. But generally, we're -- those are being managed
centrally through the IT group of the organization. So it feels like it's more just a dispersed workforce, if
you will, managed centrally. And that's something that we're highly capable of doing.

Paul Coster
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. And then, Collin, you mentioned that you sense there's a pull forward for work-from-home. Of
course, that's intuitively correct. So I'm just wondering at what point you'll know whether or not there's
real pull forward. And if it's sort of post factor, then I guess, it doesn't really matter, but when do you think
you'll know? And how do you think you'll know?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Good question, Paul. I'm not convinced we're ever really going to know because I think the wildcard
here is how much is pull forward of something that was going to be purchased anyway versus what's an
incremental use case, meaning that companies, school districts, government agencies never intended
for these coworkers or students or teachers to have mobile devices. And it's effectively a shift from their
IT budget to a use case that they didn't know that they were going to need. And I think it will be nearly
impossible to ultimately parse that out.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Our next question coming from the line of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Chris, I was hoping you could provide a bit color in terms of the ability to access client facilities.
Historically, how important has that been to the CDW sales process? And I guess as we look at the
potential that some customers may not allow any visitors on-site for the next several months, how are you
guys looking at that for the next several months? And could that be an impact on sales?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Keith, yes, great question. Thank you. There are a couple of different levels there. Let me just start first
with the service engineers and then move into the sales organization. Our service engineers, we broke
immediately into several components, what could be done remotely and what needed to be done on-site,
and then provided them with the protective equipments and peace of mind that they could go on-site
with customers. And they have been doing that and doing that very effectively. But we did break that into
pieces, and remote access can get us very far in some of the work we've had to do for work from home.

Regarding our sellers, I'll come back to the comments I mentioned earlier. Certainly, in-person connections
and meetings at the office and relationship building live has always been important to any relationship
sales organization. But the -- I don't want to call it surprising, but it's been a really -- a really positive
discovery for me in any event is the incredible way that our sales organization is staying connected with
our customers, almost more deeply than in person. So I think what we're going to start to see is flexible
ways of working. Our hybrid world will probably become our workforce hybrid world. And they'll all do
what they need to do to make the connections and serve the customers and ensure that we can have
learning sessions and white-boarding sessions that are as effective as possible. And some of that might go
back to kind of the way it was prior to this epidemic. But I also think we're going to see some significant
changes.

The other thing I would say is our sales organization, as you know, is a legacy-inside organization that
goes back a long way. And so the teams have been built with resources wrapped around them that have,
in many cases, been remotely accessed. So it's not a new thing for our sellers and our solutions architects
and engineers to be on collaborative tools actually helping to solve solutions.

So I hope that answers the question. I think we'll see a little bit of a new world going forward. And I feel
like the team has already been effective, and we'll take the learnings and continue to drive even greater
and deeper relationships with our customers.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Okay. I appreciate that. And then, Collin, just a follow-up to the commentary regarding the $29 million
credit reserve. I guess how does that compare to, I guess, the average quarter? And then are you already
starting to see some credit deterioration? Or is this an anticipation of what you expect to see later in the
quarter and the rest of the year?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Keith. I'll take the last one first. I think it's too soon to see any credit -- any material credit
deterioration. I think it's in anticipation of what we expect to come down the road. When you look at our
balance sheet, you'll see that at March 31, the reserve was approximately $35 million, which is a little
bit more than 1% of our outstanding customer receivable balance. Historically, that balance has been
much lower. If you look at where it was at year-end or in the year ago period, it's been running around
$7 million to $8 million previously. So we used a variety of data points to estimate the reserve. We looked
at historical information, what our experience was back in 2008, 2009, current conditions and, again,
estimates of what we think could be coming.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Operator

I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Chris Leahy
for closing remarks.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. Thank you all for staying on a little longer with us. Concluding today's call, I want to once
more recognize the remarkable dedication of our coworkers around the globe and their extraordinary
commitment to serving our customers, our partners and all CDW stakeholders. They continuously reaffirm
my conviction that we will enjoy better days ahead. I'm so proud and grateful to be part of this team. So
thank you to the team.

And thank you to our customers and our partners for the privilege and opportunity to serve you during
these times, and to our investors and analysts for participating in this call. We appreciate you and your
continuing interest and in support of CDW. Collin and I look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Until then, stay healthy, stay safe and be well. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You
may all disconnect. Good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

CDW CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

