CDW Corporation NasdaqGS:CDW
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 05, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.38

1.56

Revenue  (mm)

4360.91

4365.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-04-2020 5:22 AM GMT

13.04

0.11

1.44

5.57

6.23

4496.77

17634.26

18608.03

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.58

1.48

1.38

1.38

1.70

1.57

1.38

1.56

7.59 %

6.08 %

0.00 %

13.04 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brittany A. Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations, Financial Planning &
Analysis

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Theodore Riley Starck-King
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Paul Chung
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Jake, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would now
like to welcome everyone to the CDW Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Brittany Smith, Vice President of IR and Financial
Planning and Analysis. Ma'am, the floor is yours.

Brittany A. Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations, Financial Planning & Analysis

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me remotely today to review our second quarter financial
results are Chris Leahy, our Chief Executive Officer; and Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer.
Our second quarter earnings release was distributed this morning and is available on our website,
investor.cdw.com, along with supplemental slides that you can use to follow along during the call.

I'd like to remind you that certain comments made in this presentation are considered forward-looking
statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements are subject to
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.

Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in the earnings release and
Form 8-K we furnished to the SEC today and in the company's other filings with the SEC. CDW assumes
no obligation to update the information presented during this webcast.

Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating income
and non-GAAP earnings per share. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the most directly
comparable GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts in the slides for
today's webcast in our earnings release and Form 8-K we furnished to the SEC today.

Please note that all references to growth rates or dollar amount increases in our remarks today are versus
the comparable period in 2019, unless otherwise indicated. In addition, all references to growth rates for
hardware, software and services today represent U.S. net sales only and do not include the results from
CDW UK or Canada.

A replay of this webcast will be posted to our website later today. I also want to remind you that this
conference call is a property of CDW and may not be recorded or rebroadcast without specific written
permission from the company.

With that, let me turn the call over to Chris.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Brittany. I'll begin this morning with an overview of second quarter results and drivers of
performance. I'll provide our perspectives on the current macro environment, its impact on our customers'
end market and how we are responding.

Collin will then take you through a more detailed look at our second quarter financials as well as our
liquidity position and capital allocation strategy. We'll move quickly through our prepared remarks to
ensure we have plenty of time for questions.

For the second quarter, net sales were $4.4 million, 5.7% below last year and down 5.3% in constant
currency. Non-GAAP operating income was $338 million, a decrease of 5.6%. Non-GAAP net income per
share was $1.56, 2.6% below last year on a reported basis and down 2.3% in constant currency.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

For the quarter, net sales performance varied by month and by customer end market. As we shared on
our last earnings call, we entered April with a healthy backlog of remote workforce enablement solutions,
which contributed to strong performance in April.

As the quarter progressed, for some of our customer end markets, projects were postponed and demand
declined as the economic toll of the crisis impacted customer set. In other customer end markets, IT
investment was prioritized and remained healthy.

During the quarter, we helped customers across a spectrum of IT priorities. Remote enablement, business
and operations continuity and security remain top customer focus areas to manage remote environments
at scale and to prepare to work and learn from home in some capacity for longer.

Customers also focused on initiatives to reduce cost, optimize resources and leverage technology for
better customer and employee experiences through digital transformation. CDW teams orchestrated
turnkey solutions from our broad portfolio of client devices, accessories, collaboration tools, security,
software and cloud offerings to help customers build these capabilities and achieve their goals.

At the end of the first quarter, we had strategic stocking positions in key remote enablement categories
to meet expected customer demand. During the second quarter, we continued to leverage our distribution
centers, extensive logistics capabilities, deep vendor partner relationships and strong balance sheet and
liquidity position to successfully navigate supply challenges. We continued to procure supply in key remote
enablement categories and managed through longer lead times for others.

Now let's take a deeper look at customer end market performance. Corporate and Small Business both
declined double digits. As you know, these channels include our small and medium business customers.
The unique nature of the COVID-19 crisis has posed greater challenges for some small and medium
businesses. Intra-quarter net sales results decelerated each month as softer writings impacted subsequent
month performance.

During the quarter, Corporate and Small Business customers' spend was prioritized on 3 areas: first,
remote work enablement and new used cases, driving notebook and mobile device spend; second,
infrastructure support and optimization, which resulted in strong growth in cloud offerings and several
software categories, including security, network management and virtualization; and third, maximizing
of past IT purchases and reduction in expenses through extended maintenance contracts and shorter
commitments for new contracts and licenses.

The Government team increased net sales 24%. Federal delivered another excellent quarter, with net
sales up almost 50%. During the quarter, our Device as a Service solution for the U.S. Census Bureau
contributed meaningfully to our Federal results. Field operations to collect data from nonresponders had
started. This solution will continue to be a meaningful contributor to Federal net sales for the remainder of
2020.

Excluding Census results, Federal was up healthy double digits. Growth was driven by civilian projects and
demonstrated the team's great work, delivering CDW's value proposition to multiple agencies.

The team delivered strong transactional growth, with almost 100% growth in notebooks and double-digit
growth in enterprise storage, video, collaboration hardware and security software. The state and local
team delivered low single-digit growth, driven by double-digit transactional growth that enabled remote
work capabilities, including notebooks and collaboration hardware, software to enhance security and
optimize technology assets and investments to accelerate e-government initiatives.

Education increased 13%, with strong double-digit growth in K-12 and a mid-single-digit decline in higher
ed. In K-12, customers continued to focus on equity and access for students. K-12 growth was primarily
driven by strong Chromebook results as our team helped school districts prepare to start classes later this
month or early next month in a variety of teaching formats.

Higher ed performance reflected the uncertainty that universities and colleges are facing. IT spending
on remote enablement, such as notebooks and collaboration tools, was strong. It was offset by delayed
infrastructure projects due to budget concerns.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Healthcare declined low double digits, with strong April results, followed by net sales decline in May and
June as COVID-related response efforts took priority and budget pressure intensified. Our team continued
to work closely with health care customers on expanded virtual care capabilities as health care delivery in
the U.S. fundamentally changes.

Other, which represents our U.K. and Canadian operations, decreased 8% on a reported basis. The U.K.
team delivered high-single-digit growth in constant currency, with strong Public sector demand, driven
by Healthcare customers and more muted Corporate customer demand. Canada net sales decreased
double digits in constant currency due to a higher mix of Small Business customers, who have been more
impacted by COVID-19, and pressure in the oil and gas industry in Alberta.

As you can see, our second quarter performance was varied across customer end markets. This also drove
various performance across our major products and services categories. U.S. hardware was down mid-
single digits, however, client devices grew almost 6%.

Software declined low double digits and services grew mid-single digits. Transactions declined low single
digits on top of last year's mid-teens growth. Solutions declined low double digits as some customers
deprioritized infrastructure and larger project engagement.

We delivered strong growth in our cloud offerings. Customer spend increased double digits, driven by
strong growth in analytics, collaboration, data storage and recovery, compute and security. We expect
strong customer demand for cloud offerings to continue.

On July 1, we acquired IGNW, a leading provider of cloud-native services expertise and software
development capabilities. IGNW is a leader in digital velocity solutions, including advisory, consulting and
development services, and has been a partner of CDW since 2018.

IGNW presents an exciting growth opportunity for our business, our customers, our partners and our
coworkers. It brings the right talent and strategic capabilities we want to deliver to our customers. We are
pleased to welcome IGNW's approximately 170 coworkers to the CDW family. This is a great example of
our continued investment in our cloud capabilities.

M&A is an important part of our capital allocation strategy to expand CDW's strategic capabilities. During
our 35-plus-year history, CDW had a successful track record of evolving with customer needs in the IT
industry, in part, through acquisitions.

Our second quarter operating and financial performance reflected the combined impact of our balanced
portfolio of customer end markets, our full suite of solutions and services across the IT landscape and
our ongoing success executing our 3-part strategy for growth. They are important drivers of our past and
future performance. Let me take a moment to review each.

First, our balanced portfolio of customer end markets. As you know, we have 5 U.S. sales channels that
each generate annual net sales of more than $1.5 billion in 2019: Corporate, Small Business, Government,
Education and Healthcare. This scale enables us to further align sales teams into vertical customer end
markets, including Federal government, state and local government, K-12 and higher education, providing
us insights into our customers' objectives and goals and positioning us as a trusted partner.

In addition, we have our U.K. and Canadian operations, which, together, delivered over USD 2 billion
of net sales in 2019. The diversity of our customer end markets serves us well, where macro or other
external challenges impact various industries and customers differently. This balance is especially relevant
in the current environment.

Next, our offerings are broad and deep, with over 100,000 products, services and solutions for more than
1,000 vendor partners. We are well positioned to meet our customers' total needs across the spectrum of
IT and can pivot quickly to trends in customer demand.

For example, in response to the current environment, customers have turned to us for return-to-work
technology solutions beyond our traditional offerings, including enhanced video surveillance, temperature

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

scanners and device-sanitizing solutions. We now offer a full suite of IT-enabled solutions to meet these
demands.

Our teams have productized different solutions for our various customer end markets. This is a great
example of our thought leadership and ability to pivot to growth opportunities.

And the final driver of our performance, our 3-part strategy for growth, which is to: first, acquire new
customers and capture share; second, enhance our solutions capabilities; and third, expand our services
capabilities.

Each pillar is crucial to our ability to profitably assess, design, deliver and manage the integrated
technology solutions our customers want and need today and in the future. Today's environment doesn't
impact our commitment to be executing our strategy. In fact, it strengthens our resolve so we will emerge
stronger than ever. Let me share a few examples of our strategy and action and how we helped customers
this quarter.

A financial services company turned to our team to mobilize its employees to work from home. Only
30% of its workforce had work-from-home capabilities. The customer delegated an emergency blanket
purchase order for $3.5 million for our team to have full responsibility to develop the right solutions across
client devices, remote access, security and its data centers. We leveraged our long-standing relationships
with the customer to get it right and with our vendor partners to get supply.

A large corporation was challenged with improving productivity for its remote employees. The customer
needed to provide employees with additional IT equipment consistent with corporate standards but did not
have the systems in place to identify which employees required equipment, to place thousands of orders,
or to deliver the equipment to the employee's homes.

The customer turned to us due to our robust e-commerce platform and extensive logistics capabilities. Our
team created a digital catalog that integrated CDW and the customer's e-procurement system, making the
complicated process simple. Through this project, we expanded the partners and products we sold to the
customer. Our team did such a great job that the customer canceled RFP midstream to award us another
meaningful engagement.

Another example is a 5,000-student school district in Ohio, turned to us to create a complete remote
learning environment for its students. Our teams helped the district with client devices and developed a
collaboration platform for its teachers and students in the cloud. This is one of many examples from the
quarter where our teams helped customers with cloud collaboration tools.

These examples also show how quickly solutions need to be implemented in this environment. Customers
turn to us for expertise, thought leadership and a high level of customer service. We won a ServiceNow
engagement for a leading medical school after a 2-week sales cycle, less than half the typical cycle time,
because of our past experience with this customer and our ability to deliver in a compressed time frame.
These examples highlight CDW's 3-part strategy for growth, including CDW as a trusted adviser and how
IT is crucial to achieving our customers' objective.

I now want to update you on our efforts to manage COVID-19's impact on our business. As I shared
previously, we have a cross-functional response team in place. The team has 3 key principles: safeguard
the health and well-being of our coworkers, serve the machine-driven needs of our customers and support
our communities.

Our office coworkers are still working from home. We have excellent IT capabilities and a culture of
collaboration so coworker engagement and productivity have been strong. We continue to evaluate when
and how to return to the office and where and how our customers will work -- our coworkers will work in
the future.

All distribution and configuration centers are operational, and we maintain precautionary measures
advised by public health authorities, including social distancing, segmented shifts, personal protective
equipments, enhanced facility cleaning and temperature scanners. These teams have done an exceptional

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

job maintaining the high level of customer service we are known for while taking the necessary
precautions.

During the quarter, more of our sellers and technical specialists began to reengage in-person with
customers. We have taken proactive measures to keep the workers safe in these settings as well. Our
teams have done a great job adapting to virtual channels to ensure we reach our customers and we
continue to develop our coworkers. For example, our marketing and events transitioned from in-person to
virtual so customers could continue to learn from our technical experts.

Also, during the quarter, our sales and technical teams completed over 20,000 hours of training and
earned over 400 certifications, almost double last year's activity. Our marketing and events and coworker
services teams have done an excellent job adapting to the current environment. They demonstrate the
strength and resiliency of our culture, a culture we believe is important competitively to us.

Let's turn now to the balance of the year. The economic outlook for the foreseeable future remains
uncertain as the duration and severity of COVID-19 are unknown and also uneven. Therefore, we are not
providing 2020 targets.

We continue to watch closely the near-term impact of COVID-19 on our customer end markets. For Q3-to-
date writing, the rate of decline has stabilized for our most impacted customer end markets and trends for
more resilient customer end markets continue. While encouraging, we believe it's premature to call this a
trend as weekly writings do fluctuate.

Customers are in various phases of responding to the macro environment. Some customers remain
focused on remote enablement and operational continuity, others are moving forward with organizational
efficiency and optimization, and other customers are investing behind digital transformation, including
cloud migration and automation strategies.

Our teams can help with all phases and will continue to be trusted partners to our customers, to help them
smartly deploy their IT resources and solve some of their toughest challenges. We believe that technology
will be more essential to all sectors of the economy and will play an increasingly important role in the
years ahead.

We have confidence that we have the right strategy in place. We will help our customers navigate
the complex IT landscape and adopt new technologies. We are committed to investing in our 3-part
growth strategy, including the capabilities that will position us to best serve our customers, optimize our
productivity and enhance our competitive position.

We will also keep a watchful eye on the impacts of COVID-19, the macro environment and other
unpredictable variables, such as potential supply disruptions, trade policies and upcoming U.S. elections.
CDW will continue to do what we do best, leverage our competitive advantages to help our customers
address their IT priorities and achieve their strategic objectives and out-execute our competition.

Now Collin will share some more details on our financial performance. Collin?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to provide more detail on our second quarter
results, liquidity position and capital allocation priorities.

Turning to our second quarter P&L on Slide 9. Consolidated net sales were $4.4 billion, down 5.7% on a
reported and average daily sales basis. In constant currency, consolidated net sales declined by 5.3%.

On an average daily sales basis, sequential sales decreased 0.5% versus the first quarter. As expected,
this was lower than historical seasonality due to the first quarter stronger-than-normal seasonality and
the ongoing impact of COVID-19. As Chris mentioned, our customer channels generally perform consistent
with the demand and writings commentary shared on our last earnings call.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

April sales benefited from the carryover of strong demand in March, whereas May and June sales were
impacted by lower demand in certain customer end markets. Pockets of supply dislocation continued in the
quarter, and we leveraged our distribution capabilities and strong vendor partner relationships to procure
the IT products and solutions our customers needed for remote enablement, operations continuity and
resource optimization.

Gross profit for the quarter was $747 million, a decline of 3.4%. Gross margin was 17.1%, up 40 basis
points over last year, driven by product margin and by the mix of netted down revenues, primarily
Software as a Service.

Turning to SG&A on Slide 10. Our non-GAAP SG&A decreased 1.5%. The decrease was primarily driven
by lower sales payroll, consistent with lower gross profit; reduced performance-based compensation;
and cost savings measures, including decreased travel and entertainment and ongoing productivity
and efficiency efforts. The June 30 credit loss reserve balance decreased modestly versus the March 31
balance, reflecting our customer collection experience in the quarter, a lower receivable balance at June
quarter end and expectations for future collections.

While we are generally pleased with second quarter's bad debt experience, we recognize that much
economic uncertainty exists and remain cautious on year-to-go credit loss expectations. These expense
reductions were partially offset by approximately $7 million of COVID-19 expenses, primarily to safeguard
and compensate frontline coworkers. As we always do, we are closely monitoring our cost structure
relative to the demand environment.

Coworker count at the end of the second quarter was 10,048, down 56 from the first quarter, reflecting
restrictions on hiring and backfilling attrition that we put in place in April. Year-over-year coworker
count increased 265, with approximately 120 of the increase from the Aptris acquisition last fall and
the remaining from organic coworker investments. Our recently completed acquisition of IGNW adds
approximately 170 coworkers, most of whom are customer-facing technical coworkers.

GAAP operating income was $283 million, down 5.6%. Our non-GAAP operating income, which better
reflects operating performance, was $338 million, down 5.6%. Non-GAAP operating income margin was
7.7%.

Moving to Slide 11. Interest expense was $40 million, down 1.8%. The incremental interest from the $600
million notes issued in April was offset by savings from a lower LIBOR rate on the term loan.

Our GAAP effective tax rate, shown on Slide 12, was 22.9% in the quarter compared to 24.7% last year.
This resulted in second quarter tax expense of $56 million compared to $65 million last year. The rate
decrease is primarily related to higher excess tax benefits on equity-based compensation in 2020.

To get to our non-GAAP effective tax rate, we adjust taxes consistent with non-GAAP net income add-
backs, including excess tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation, which is shown on Slide
13. For the quarter, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 24.9%, down 70 basis points versus last year's
rate.

As you can see on Slide 14, with second quarter weighted average diluted shares outstanding of 144
million, GAAP net income per share was $1.31, down 1.1%. Our non-GAAP net income was $225 million
in the quarter, down 5.2% compared to last year. Non-GAAP net income per share was $1.56, down 2.6%
from last year.

Turning to first half results on Slides 15 through 20. Revenue was $8.8 billion, an increase of 1.9% on a
reported basis and 1.1% on an average daily sales basis as we had 1 extra selling day in the first half of
2020. The extra selling day will reverse in Q4 when we have 1 fewer selling day compared to prior year.

On a constant currency average daily sales basis, first half consolidated net sales were 1.5% higher than
the prior year. Gross profit was 100 -- I'm sorry, gross profit was $1.5 billion, up 4%, and gross profit
margin was 17.2%, up 40 basis points.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Non-GAAP operating income was $642 million for the first half of 2020, down 0.5%. Net income was $357
million, and non-GAAP net income was $425 million, up 0.5%. Non-GAAP net income per share was $2.94,
up 3.4%.

Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 21. Liquidity continues to be a top priority in the current
environment. As of June 30, cash and cash equivalents were $958 million, and net debt was $2.9 billion.
Our cash plus revolver availability was roughly $2 billion.

Year-to-date, free cash flow was $468 million, as shown on Slide 22. This is higher than normal
seasonality and above last year's $407 million, primarily due to tax payment timing. Last year, we made
cash tax payments on April 15 and June 15, and this year, the comparable payments were made on July
15, after the end of the second quarter.

Moving to Slide 23. The 3-month average cash conversion cycle was 25 days, up 9 days from last year's
second quarter. While cash collections were solid in the quarter, DSO increased 7 days as we mixed it into
some larger Public customers who can take longer to pay and we have seen certain commercial customers
extending payments. DIO increased 4 days as we continued to invest in inventory to help our customers
manage their IT projects with greater certainty of product availability.

One of our greatest assets is our long-term customer relationships, and we know it's important to be there
for customers during challenging times, like we were during The Great Recession. We will continue to
balance managing customers' working capital needs while appropriately managing risk. In the quarter, we
returned $54 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and did not repurchase any stock.

Turning to capital allocation on Slide 24. As I mentioned earlier, we remain focused on liquidity and our
capital priorities remain the same as last quarter. Our priorities are: first, continue to pay the dividend.
Today, we announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.38 per common share, reflecting CDW's strong
liquidity position and confidence in the cash flow generation capability of the business.

Second, ensure we have the right capital structure in place. We remain comfortable with the current target
net leverage ratio of 2.5 to 3x for several reasons: one, we have no debt maturities in 2020 and just $57
million due in 2021; two, the weighted average interest rate on the debt portfolio is 3.6% so cash interest
is manageable; and three, our debt capital structure is covenant-light. We ended the quarter with net
leverage at 2x, below the low end of our target range.

Our third capital allocation priority is to supplement organic growth with strategic acquisitions. The
acquisition of IGNW, which closed after quarter end, is a good example of this. IGNW is not expected to
have a material impact on CDW's 2020 net sales and non-GAAP earnings per share.

We remain active evaluating targets and we'll seek to be opportunistic in this environment. Any decision
to deploy capital for acquisitions will be a function of our usual screens, strategic rationale, operating and
cultural fit and financial return, all within the context of liquidity at that point in time.

Fourth, as I previously noted, our share repurchase program remains suspended to enhance liquidity. The
decision on when to resume stock buybacks continues to depend on several considerations, including the
macroeconomic environment, liquidity and working capital, leverage and other potential uses of cash such
as M&A.

Lastly, on the topic of capital. We intend to continue capital expenditure investments in the business. We
have a CapEx-light model, historically running around 0.5 point of sales or slightly more. We believe it's
important to continue prudently investing in the capabilities that allow us to better serve customers, drive
productivity and ultimately emerge from this crisis in a stronger competitive position.

We previously withdrew our 2020 targets and will not be providing an updated financial outlook. But
consistent with last quarter, I want to provide insights into what we're seeing roughly 1 month into the
third quarter from a demand, supply and operating perspective.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

On the demand side, activity continues to be mixed across customer end markets. In Corporate and Small
Business, looking back to the second quarter for a moment, the year-over-year decline in writings peaked
at over 20% in May or June, depending on the channel.

Consequently, preliminary July sales are down double digits in both channels. July writings are down year-
over-year, with the declines less negative than the peak levels of May or June. While encouraging, as Chris
mentioned, we believe it's premature to call this a trend as weekly writings have been volatile, and we
expect commercial customers will be sensitive to the recent increase in COVID-19 cases and the potential
economic implications.

In Public, preliminary July sales and July writings are up year-over-year, driven by continued strength in
K-12 and parts of Government, partially offset by Healthcare, where both preliminary sales and writings
continue to be down. Our international businesses are generally seeing similar customer trends to last
quarter. We expect to continue to mix into Public channels, which could add some headwind to gross
margin in the back half of the year.

On the supply side, we continue to navigate through a fluid environment, with pockets of dislocation
extending lead times in certain categories. Notebook supply, particularly lower-end devices such as
Chromebooks, is tight. We are also experiencing extended lead times in certain networking and server
products.

We are in constant contact with our vendor partners, whose manufacturing operations are generally back
up and running. Freight challenges have moderated, but we are still seeing some pricing surcharges and
price increases on certain products, which we are generally passing along to customers. On the operating
front, all distribution centers continue to be operational.

Finally, I want to provide an update on the Device as a Service solution to the U.S. Census Bureau. The
contribution to second quarter net sales was in line with expectations. We have now deployed all of the
devices into the field. The period for which the devices will be used remains fluid, and we could see some
net sales shift among the next 3 quarters. The team has done an outstanding job managing through a
challenging environment to help the Census Bureau deliver its mission.

From a financial perspective, this year, we now expect the Census to contribute up to approximately 160
basis points of incremental net sales growth over 2019. On an absolute basis, we currently expect the
Census to contribute over 200 basis points of net sales in 2020. We will continue to provide updates on the
Census as we progress through the second half of 2020.
That concludes the financial summary. With that, I'll ask Jake to open it up for questions. [Operator
Instructions]

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

We have a question from Adam Tindle with Raymond James.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Chris, I just wanted to start with a strategic question. I think about CDW's competitive advantages of
scale. We obviously saw strong cash flow in the quarter. And those things seem to be a major potential
weapon in this environment, where the long tail of competitors in your fragmented industry are struggling.
So the question is how are you thinking about options to potentially play a little offense while others are
on defense? And maybe if you could specifically tie this into your goal to acquire new customers and
update that on the quarter, that would be helpful.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Adam. Yes, we are -- we have accelerated. I think I mentioned this on the last call, we see this as
an opportunity, and we've accelerated our acquisition programs. If you look across the breadth of our
competitive advantages, customers right now are looking for those who have the expertise to help. And
I'll just say it very simply, figure it out. The world is moving very quickly. The mandates to evolve and
transform from a digital perspective are moving quickly.

The access to cash is not what it used to be. And so having a provider that has the scale can get the
supply, has the relationship with the vendor partners and equally have the spectrum of solutions. And
experts who can help design and plan and move quickly to get from solution, design and development to
implementation has been very important, particularly for those customers that I mentioned, who are going
on the offense and who are accelerating their own strategies and digital needs.

So we are being aggressive in helping the customers that are in our base now, but we're equally being
aggressive about finding customers who are in need. You know, the financial situation that we see and
the financial strength -- the strength of our balance sheet has also been very important to customers who
want to ensure that they're working with an organization that is large, credible and is around for the long
term.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And as a follow-up, maybe Collin can weigh in, I just had a question operationally. Operating profit
dollar declines essentially matched the revenue decline, so there was very little decremental margin here.
I know the variable cost structure probably helps but portions of the business are down significantly. So
maybe you could just touch on the performance in the quarter and how we can think about decremental
margin moving forward?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Adam, there were -- if I understand your question, I think it was why wasn't there more deleverage?
There were a couple of things that helped us in the quarter that I touched on in my prepared remarks.

One was on the credit loss reserve. We ended up not booking any bad debt expense in the quarter. We
just drew down against the reserve that we had previously established and, in fact, released a little bit of
it just because the receivable balance had wound down.

The second thing that happened in the quarter is we did true-up our performance-based compensation
accruals based on full year estimates, and we took a half a year's benefit in the second quarter. So I
wouldn't expect those two things to continue as we move through the balance of the year.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Operator

We have a question from Matt Cabral with Crédit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Chris, you talked about the pace of decline in writing stabilizing so far in the third quarter. Just wondering
if you could spend a little bit more on that comment? And just how we should think about the timing lag
between writing and translating into shipment or revenue trends? And maybe, more broadly, just hitting
on the health of IT budgets at this point as we're thinking about the balance of the year?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Hi, Matt. Yes, sure. I'm pausing for a bit because it's such a tapestry out there of customers. We have,
obviously, diversified customer end markets. And even within the end markets, very diversified customer
base. So if you were to take Corporate, for example, across industry, across geography, and different
areas are getting hit differently.

So different geographies. You've got oil and gas in the south suffering a little for some of those customers.
You've got tech in the west not suffering as much. You've got the virus resurgence in some areas and
the concerns about retreating back to stay-at-home orders. So there's a number of layers that various
customers are dealing with.

And what I would say is it's hard to paint a picture, a single picture, of where IT budgets are going. That
said, we are having robust conversations with all of our customers, those that are spending today and
those who are planning tomorrow. So how budgets work is really going to be a reflection on the economy
in this health crisis, which we continue to believe is just, yes, unpredictable. There's not a lot of visibility
there.

That said, and back to your writings question, yes, we watch writings daily and weekly. And we've had a
couple of weeks of stability, as I said, but it can also be a little bit volatile. So we watch it very carefully.
That will typically turn into revenue in the next 30 to 60 days is how we think about the impact of the
timing.

But Matt, what I would leave you with is technology is the top of everybody's mind. And for those
customers that are focused on just surviving, they've got rent to pay. They've got payroll to pay. They're
not going to be paying for IT right now, but we are talking with those customers about what's to come in
the next quarter and beyond.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. And then I think I heard in the prepared remarks solutions are down double digits. Just wondering
if you'd dig a little bit more into the categories underneath there and talk about where you're seeing
the biggest headwinds. I guess, I'm curious of your perspective on how much is just near-term projects
being deferred versus maybe customers starting to reevaluate their broader on-premise footprint as cloud
adoption is starting to pick up a little bit?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's a fair question. I think, at a high level, Matt, what we've seen is a real refocus on the urgency
of remote work, optimizing employees working remotely, really bolstering those capabilities over the last
couple of quarters. At the same time, we absolutely are seeing acceleration in discussions towards cloud
and moving towards the cloud.

In terms of on-prem, we've said, and we'll say it again, that we believe that there's going to be a hybrid
world out there. It continues to be a hybrid world. And we're having those kinds of conversations with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

our customers, so assessing options for cloud, what to migrate, how to migrate, what cloud vendors to
choose.

The good news is we've got the ability to help our customers through cloud deployments and then manage
once they're up and running. But we still think there's going to be a lot of on-prem opportunity going
forward. It's going to be more of a multi-cloud, hybrid cloud situation.

Operator

Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess I've got two questions as well. First off, maybe on the gross margin performance. It was fairly
impressive, given the discussion we just had on solutions, and the frontline devices did well. So could you
maybe walk through kind of what drove the gross margin upside year-over-year, if it's sustainable as we
go forward?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Amit. I can start on that one. Product margin held up pretty well and we did get some benefit
from mixing into Software as a Service. On the product margin, within there, I would say, in a supply-
constrained environment, in particular, categories, the margins can be a little bit firmer.

And then within product, there's mix. So for example, desktops happen to be weak in the quarter. They
tend to be lower margin. So within that product, we did see some lower margin.

I think, in terms of the outlook, as always, difficult to predict because there are a lot of moving factors. I
did say in my prepared comments that I do think that we will mix more into Public as we move into the
back half of the year. Q3 is typically a seasonally strong quarter for both Government and Education. And
given what's happening in Education today, I would expect it to be quite strong.

And then where we do see a little bit more firmness on the commercial side of the business tends to be in
the larger, better-capitalized customers, which tend to have a little thinner margin. So we were pleased
with margin performance in the quarter, just cautious as we think about it over the back half of the year.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then I was hoping to get your perspective on client devices or PCs, I guess,
as you go into the back half of the year. I think you guys mentioned it was up 6% in June, if I'm not
mistaken. And most of the industry data centers said -- suggest that this may remain somewhat stronger
for a couple of more quarters. So I'd just love to understand how you guys think about the segment in the
back half? And if you were indeed able to meet all the demand within client devices for the June quarter?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Amit...

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Do you want to start, Chris?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So yes, Amit, the client device, obviously, was very strong. And we did take a strategic inventory
position so that we were able to meet demand as we moved through the first and the second quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Look, as we said before, at pre-COVID, we thought we were kind of in the late innings around PC refresh
and the Win 10 upgrade. And so that will continue.

So if we think about going forward, certainly, work from home, we think, will be a trend, [ mid-6 ]. It will
be -- we think, fundamentally, how people worked in the office and at home will be a lasting and durable
change. How people learn from home will be a durable change. And those will be opportunities for our
client.

And we've got devices that were out there past 3, 4 years ago now, in 2017, where there might be refresh
opportunities there. Obviously, the economic environment and employment could have an impact on that.
But we've always said we've expected moderated growth, and I think that we're looking at the same way
going forward.

I'm sorry, Collin, did you want to add something?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. The only thing I was going to add is, Amit, and I think you know this, when you look at industry data
points, you just need to make sure you're comparing apples-to-apples at what point in the supply chain
you're measuring. So I think some of those industry sources are OEM shipments into the channel and
distributors and retailers and others like that. So there's a little bit of a lag in that.

Obviously, we saw very strong growth in client devices through -- in the first quarter and in April as
we back -- as we shift against our backlog. So some of these shipments you're seeing are effectively
replenishing lower levels of inventory further downstream in the supply chain that have been pretty well
depleted.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Perfect. Now that's absolutely a fair point then. Sorry, go ahead.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Amit, I was just going to say, in the supply chain, we are seeing some delays, particularly in the
lower-end Chromebook space. So that will make its way through the supply chain over the next few
months, but that's happening as well.

Operator

We have a question from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I appreciate you're not providing guidance for the year, but do you expect the same business model
mechanics to play out in terms of growing 200 to 300 basis points faster than the market? Your survey
work points to maybe 4% to 5% declines for the year. Is that also the ballpark of what you see in the
data? And then I have a follow-up.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Katy, I'll start. I think what we see is there are a variety of data points around GDP and IT growth.
What I would say is we do expect ourselves -- we do hold ourselves accountable to outgrow the market
by a meaningful amount. As you know, typically, when we have a more robust environment and we
are selling more hardware, which we recognize at the top line, that's when we tend to outgrow by the
200 to 300, or sometimes higher, basis points when it's in an environment that's more like the one
we're in, recessionary, and customers are doing things like extending the useful life of their assets with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

warranties that net down and other things that are netted down. We will continue to outpace the market,
but typically, it's by a slightly lower margin, 100 to 200, 250 basis points.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Do you have a view as -- do you survey your customers and have a view as to what you think the IT
spending decline will look like this year?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

We don't have a collective view that we're sharing. There are so many data points out there that are so
disparate. I mean there's such a wide variation that we're listening to our customers and just taking every
opportunity to help serve them and grow our business where we can, and support our customers so that
they can grow coming out of this recession.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. That makes sense. And then just one other clarification. When you referenced some early stability
in writings in July, when you say stable, is that -- do you mean flat year-on-year? Or you mean the rate of
decline is stable from what you saw in the June quarter or the month of June?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

That means the rate of the -- sorry.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

I'm sorry. Just to clarify, I think what I was trying to do in my comments was, particularly on the
commercial side of the business in Corporate and Small Business, give an indication of the -- I'll call it, the
peak decline we saw in the second quarter. So in May or June, those writings declined over 20% in both
Corporate and Small Business. What we're seeing in the month of July is that they are not as negative
as those peak declines we saw earlier. So it's a relative to what we had been seeing in the business
statement.

Operator

We have a question from Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Chris, I just wanted to clarify, are the trends that you're seeing in Corporate and Small Business
customers, is that playing out as you had expected 90 days ago? Or are the trends better or worse than
you expected? And any change to your outlook for the next couple of quarters?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Ruplu, thanks for the question. And I would say the trends are playing out. As we expected, and as we
shared with you, you remember last recession, 2009, we talked through what we saw there, and it was a
faster reaction by our small and medium-sized businesses. In particular, they reacted more quickly to the
economic downturn. And that is what we thought here.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Now we have, as I mentioned, a diversified customer base even within Small and Corporate. And so even
within that, we saw some of the customers that sit in certain industries, hospitality and things like that,
who are suffering a little more, others who are actually being very aggressive in their strategies. The other
thing is, when you think about, as I mentioned, the uniqueness of what we're going through with this --
with the virus and the fits and starts, if you will, in different geographies, that's also tending to have an
impact on our customers.

But all of that said, I'd say that the trends played out as we expected. Look, small business channels
are going to be impacted by economics, and they're going to focus on what they need to do to survive
first and then invest for the future. So what I'd say is this really affirms our diversification strategy and
provides optimism in the confidence of our business model.

If you think about what we were able to deliver, our free cash flow through the year is at $470 million.
We've paid our dividend. We're continuing to invest in the evolution of CDW going forward. We've got
other customer segments that are going very strong, given the demand in the market. And I'm really
proud of how the team is managing through this.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay, Chris, appreciate it. One question for you, Collin. How should we think about SG&A as a percent of
sales going forward? Right now, you mentioned you've got reduced performance-based comp and travel is
less, and you've enacted cost savings measures. But as lockdowns get relaxed, how should we think about
SG&A? Can you hold the line? Or should we expect OpEx to trend upwards?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean we're not going to provide a specific guide on SG&A. As you know, we do have a variable cost
structure. So there are elements of it, variable sales compensation, that will move with our gross profit.
And then we have put hiring restrictions in place, and continue to let attrition run so that will add a little
bit of variability. And then we've taken other cost savings measures.

And the other point I would make, Ruplu, is we are not managing to a short-term SG&A target here. As I
think we've been communicating pretty consistently, we do think that this is an opportunity to invest and
get stronger in this. And so we're going to take a balanced approach and that we are going to continue to
invest, both in CapEx and OpEx. But having said all that, we are mindful of the demand environment, and
we'll take a balanced approach and ensure we have an appropriate cost structure.

Operator

We have a question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

My first is just regarding what you're seeing in terms of extended maintenance, shorter contract terms.
Can you give us some perspective on how -- the magnitude of this? And maybe if you can go back to
other times when the economy has been under pressure, if you can kind of talk about how this compares.
And then I have a follow-up.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean we are seeing customers, particularly those who are looking to save cash, move into shorter-
duration maintenance contracts as opposed to going to multi years, those that are paying on -- for
software, a number of seats and things like that, looking at true-ups and things like that. It's difficult to
compare to previous times, Shannon.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

I think, back in 2009, we saw a similar behavior. And then when we experienced a bit of a slowdown in
the '15, '16 period. We saw our customers sweating assets at that point in time. Maybe a little bit more
pronounced today than it was back in '15, '16, but I think that's logical, just given the severity of the crisis
relative to the slowdown we saw back then.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Shannon, I would just add that our managed services capabilities are more robust now. And so these
conversations with customers, in terms of service contracts and potentially shortening them, have also
led to some robust conversations about managed services and some wins for us in managed services as a
result of those conversations.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Great. And then how do we think about Education budgets? And I'm just trying to understand, obviously,
all of these school districts are now -- Well not all, but a lot of school districts are going to hybrid model.
And clearly, there are a lot of kids out there who don't have access to Chromebooks, or who are just
getting access now. So I'm wondering what you're hearing from the school districts in terms of the state of
their budgets.

And then, also, how are you thinking about -- and I know there's a lot of talk regarding the magnitude of
the stimulus bill, when and if it ever gets decided. But how quickly does sort of Federal funding tend to run
through? I'm just trying to get an idea of what we might see in the next few months, frankly.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Shannon, on the Education side, K-12, in particular, they are accessing funding, and we're helping
them with that. So funds are flowing. And they are really all hands on deck trying to get devices into the
hands of students. And so there's a lot of activity there regarding client devices, remote enablement as
well as what we call kind of broadcasting from the school. It's very complicated, and we have a highly
seasoned sales organization that works with the schools.

But the breadth of the solutions that they're looking for are fulsome, as I mentioned in my remarks, all
the way from thermal scanning and sanitation stations, to dividers and carts, and things that CDW can
just help them provide so that they have kind of turnkey solutions. But there is strong demand to get the
kids in in-the-classroom environment, whether virtual or hybrid, as quickly as possible. So there's a lot of
pressure there, and they are accessing funds.

In higher ed, we're seeing some pause on the budget side. Obviously, they've got concerns around various
revenue streams. And the solutions side of the business there in terms of on-campus, robust network
support, et cetera, has been stalling a little bit. But we are starting to see a pickup when it comes to
remote enablement and devices and would expect that to continue as the schools get sorted out coming
into this -- the September-October time frame.

In terms of the timing of funds flowing through, I don't have a particular time frame that I would know
how to share. But I would say they're moving a little faster than I would have expected in some areas.
And again, our teams are really quite good at figuring out where they're going to flow, how they're going
to flow and how to make sure you write up the order so that the funds can apply. But they are flowing,
and I would expect the same would happen with any new bill that we see that makes it through.

Operator

We have a question from Ted Starck-King with William Blair.

Theodore Riley Starck-King
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

I wanted to follow up on one of the earlier questions on new clients. Can you talk about sales productivity
and the ability to win new clients in this environment? And then maybe also around kind of the customer
retention rates, both historically and what you're seeing today?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Ted, yes, on acquisition and new clients, we haven't really -- we haven't shared specific information about
numbers of acquisition and penetration rate. But I would say that it is -- it has not been relatively harder
because we are remote, because we've moved all of our marketing, for example, to digital channels.
So we're reaching more customers, and we're reaching more people within customers and taking the
opportunity to follow up.

So we've, okay, retooled how we put together acquisition programs to be as effective as possible. Our
sellers are really quite amazing in their ability to connect with people and develop relationships virtually.
And as I did mention, we do have sellers who are now more out in the field with customers as well.
But I've been really pleased with how they've been able to transition, and the aggressiveness, the
assertiveness and the success with our acquisition programs right now.

And the second question, Ted, was -- oh, on retention. Yes, we don't -- that's not a number that we share.
But I would say that the customer satisfaction in this current environment has been really quite high, what
we measure from a satisfaction perspective.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Ted, I would just add, I mean, it's difficult in this environment, particularly for the most challenged
customers who are looking to preserve liquidity, they're pulling back. So they may not be spending,
period, versus not spending with CDW. I think in an environment like this, consistent with our remarks, we
are staying in front of our customers, even those that may not be spending. And I think, if there's wallet
to be had, we're getting our fair share of that.

Theodore Riley Starck-King
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up question. So on that note, are you guys flexing some of your
financing offerings for customers? And what would that -- how would that kind of make its way through
the P&L?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean when you say the no, you mean the notes we issued in April, those were for general corporate
purposes to enhance our liquidity as well as to make sure we have sufficient working capital to support our
customers.

I would say one area that we're very active in is working with our customers and help helping them
understand the variety of vendor partner financing programs that are out there. And that's where we start
in many of our OEMs, have been quite aggressive in terms of providing attractive financing. And we are
seeing a pretty material uptake on that from our customers.

So the nice thing about that is it doesn't flow through our financials. As I mentioned, there are some
instances, though, where we are investing in inventory for customers or have seen terms tick up a bit, and
that's where you would see it in our working capital.

Operator

We have a question from Matt Sheerin with Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

I just wanted to ask just about, again, about the public sector, specifically the state and local government,
which has been, I know, a strong, fast-growing market for you. What are the trends you're seeing there?
And are there concerns about budget cuts just due to lower revenue and lower state taxes?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Matt, yes, there are concerns, certainly, we talked about that in last call, budget concerns. But again, we
are finding that, in the state and local area, budgets are being prioritized against IT initiatives, both work-
from-home and also various projects, government e-projects that are in flight. The hope and expectation
is we will see in a stimulus package some sort of relief for state and local governments. And again, we'll
help the governments figure out where to get that. But they are struggling a bit now but continuing to
spend on the IT needs as that's been prioritized and essential for their workforce and for their mission.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And relative to the health care space, which had been a market that turned around for you. I know
last year, you saw some positive trends. And obviously, budget shifts there has impacted demand near-
term. But in terms of conversations you're having with customers in that sector, do you still expect those
investments towards digital transformation to still occur at some point?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

I do, Matt. Look, health care literally caused the global pandemic virus, and protecting all of us and has
been protecting all of us. But they've been forced to cease revenue-generating businesses, or at least
diminish them. And I'm confident, given the demographic trends and changes that have already taken
place regarding loosening regulations and accelerating digital transformation, that it will result in a strong
recovery and long-term growth in the Healthcare end market.

And we are having extensive conversations with our health care systems around virtual care across all
spectrum. You've got telehealth and telemedicine, virtual rounding, you've got remote patient monitoring,
and then you've got enhanced patient monitoring in places like the ICU. And all of those require slightly
different sorts of solutions. And we are building those out for some customers already, but I do see that as
a long-term positive trend.

Operator

We have a question from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

In terms of like the overall capital strategy right now in terms of M&A, how does M&A bounce in terms of
-- is your priority this thing? And are you seeing an opportunity for some add-ons that you can perhaps
benefit in the future?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Well we just -- I'll start, and Collin, you can jump in if you like. Yes, we just did an acquisition of IGNW,
and that's a native cloud services provider. That's a great example of investing our capital behind our
strategy of developing the solutions and services that our customers need now and in the future.

So we absolutely will continue to look at potential targets. We're very active in inbounds. We're very active
in outbounds. This organization, IGNW, like Aptris, is a partner that CDW had worked with for some time.
So we got to know them very well. We got to know the people and the quality and the culture and their
capability. So we will continue to look in the market for opportunistic acquisitions.

Keith Michael Housum

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Right.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Keith, in terms of prioritization, liquidity is our top priority. But we have $2 billion of it, so we feel
really good about where we are. The dividend is a priority. We just declared that. And again, given the
cash flow generation capability of the business, feel good about that. We're below our target leverage,
sitting at 2x. So our next priority is M&A. And so if we find the right opportunity at the right price, we'll
take the opportunity to enhance our competitive position in this environment.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Great. I appreciate that. And then just turning over to the public sector. Obviously, that's an area that
usually declines in the fourth quarter. But my understanding, especially in the Chromebook area, there's
a significant delay in the U.S. -- the market. Based on that, combined with approach to go on hybrid
schooling, not a lot is taking. Is there an expectation that Public will actually have a good rest of the
second half of the year, including the fourth quarter?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

We're -- I mean we're not going to -- in normal times, we wouldn't guide by channel. And certainly, in the
current environment, we're not going to. I think you can tell from our comments on the second quarter in
writings and comments about where we think the business is going to mix into the second half of the year,
that the demand is more resilient on the Public side, particularly Federal, Government and Education.

You did call out Chromebooks. We are keeping an eye on that. Supply is tight there, given the
extraordinary demand. And that's a little bit of a wildcard that we see in the third or fourth quarter. But
given the breadth of our vendor partners and our scale, we think we'll be able to manage that as well as
anyone.

Not that there may not be disruption, but in terms of customers looking for supply, we think CDW can
help them, given our multivendors. We're also having conversations with customers around alternative
processors and things like that. So we're doing what we can to get creative, to get supply for our
customers to help them through the Chromebook shortage.

Operator

We have a question from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.

Paul Chung
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Paul Chung on for Coster. So just to drill in on your SMB segment, can you kind of give us a sense
for the overall health of these customers? Are you seeing more sales kind of postponed or canceled? And
are most customers kind of paying on time as well? And any verticals or regions you want to call out that
you're seeing a little bit more signs of life?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Well yes.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean in terms of writings, I mean, I think that the commentary we provided on writings for Small
Business gives you the -- a good overview of the demand environment. Obviously, within that, you
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

have industries that are relatively stronger, and those are a little bit more challenged. And even within
industries, you have some winners and losers.

On the cash collections front, I would say we were generally pleased with the pace of cash collections
from our commercial customers, including our Small Business customers. We do have a long tail of small
customers that we're keeping an eye on that portion of the credit portfolio. But overall, I would say that
collections held up reasonably well in the quarter.

Paul Chung
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then just to follow up on free cash. Very nice performance there kind of despite softer top line and
higher CapEx levels. It looks like you had a bit of a working cap benefit in the quarter. Can you just talk
about the puts and takes on operating cash? And how we should think about trends heading into the
second half, even despite the tough macro? Also, on CapEx levels, I assume that level comes down in the
second half?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean in terms of working capital, I think one of the dynamics you would expect to see is when the
business shrinks that we would liquidate some working capital. And you did see that dynamic play out in
the quarter. That was partially offset, though, by seeing the cash conversion cycle tick up a bit.

I think the other thing to keep in mind, as you think about free cash flow, we did get some timing
favorability in terms of cash taxes. We didn't make a payment in the second quarter and, historically, it's
one of our biggest quarterly payments, and that reversed a little bit.

In terms of CapEx, you're right. It is a little bit heavier, front-end loaded this year. You might recall that
some of the Census devices that we procure for our Device as a Service offering are running through
CapEx. With all of those devices out in the field now, we are virtually done with additional capital
expenditures for the Census. So those are some things to think about on the puts and takes of free cash
flow and working capital.

Operator

I'll now turn the call back over to Chris Leahy.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you. I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the many continued challenges due to
COVID-19, and to recognize the extraordinary sacrifices and contributions being made by so many who
are devoting themselves to serving others. I also want to recognize the remarkable dedication of our
coworkers around the globe and their extraordinary commitment to serving our customers, our partners
and all CDW stakeholders. They continuously impress me and reaffirm my conviction that we will emerge
stronger from this. Thank you.

And thank you to our customers for the privilege and the opportunity to serve you during this time. To
our investors and analysts participating in this call, we appreciate you and your continued interest in and
support of CDW. Collin and I look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

Operator
Thank you, everyone, for joining. That now concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

