CDW Corporation NasdaqGS:CDW
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.05

2.13

3.90

1.85

7.70

8.36

Revenue  (mm)

5323.49

5300.00

(0.44 %)

5079.72

20387.39

21525.66

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 3:58 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.51

1.53

1.80

2.05

1.82

1.74

2.02

2.13

20.53 %

13.73 %

12.22 %

3.90 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Albert Joseph Miralles
Senior VP & CFO

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Kevin White

ANALYSTS

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, everyone, and welcome to the CDW Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. My name is Bethany, and I'll
be coordinating this call for you today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand the call over to your host
Kevin White, Director of Investor Relations. Kevin, over to you.

Kevin White

Thank you, Bethany. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today to review our third quarter results are
Chris Leahy, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Al Miralles, Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter
earnings release was distributed this morning and is available on our website, investor.cdw.com, along
with supplemental slides that you can use to follow along during the call.

I'd like to remind you that certain comments made in this presentation are considered forward-looking
statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information
concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in the earnings release and the Form 8-K we
furnished to the SEC today and in the company's other filings with the SEC.

CDW assumes no obligation to update the information presented during the webcast. Our presentation
also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP
operating income margin, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share. All non-GAAP
measures have been reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in accordance with SEC
rules.

You'll find reconciliation charts in the slides for today's webcast and in our earnings release and Form 8-K
we furnished to the SEC today. Please note that all references to growth rates or dollar amount increases
in our remarks today are versus comparable period in 2020, unless otherwise indicated.

In addition, all references to growth rates for hardware, software and services today represent U.S. net
sales only and do not include the results from CDW U.K. or Canada. Replay of this webcast will be posted
to our website later today.

I also want to remind you that the conference call is property of CDW and may not be recorded or
rebroadcast without specific written permission from the company. With that, let me turn the call over to
Chris.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin today with an overview of third quarter results and
drivers of performance. Al will take you then through a more detailed look at our financials as well as our
capital allocation strategy and outlook. We'll move quickly through our prepared remarks as we always try
to do to ensure we have plenty of time for questions.

But before I get started, I do want to pause for a moment to honor the life and legacy of our former CEO,
Tom Richards, who passed away last week after a valiant fight with cancer. I suspect most of you on this
call have likely met Tom in person. I'm certain that everyone on this call has been impacted by Tom. He
was a fierce competitor and equally a kind human being.

Tom had a lot of what we like to call it CDW Tomism, simple ways of getting to the essence of something
in a way that's stuck. One of my personal favorites is when Tom used to say at CDW, we take what we do
seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. That's the essence of who we are. That is our CDW
culture, captured so simply and amplified so strongly by Tom Richards.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Tom also had an unexpected way of signing off on our earnings call, usually with a right comment about
an upcoming holiday like Halloween or Mother's Day or even Valentine's Day. As a result, we always ended
these calls on a high note and with a chuckle.

Tom knew his audience well. In honor of Tom, I'd like to kick off this earnings call with the tagline he
penned on every communication to a coworker. Tom always signed off with "You make a difference,"
literally injecting into each coworker, Tom's personal belief in them and their important impact. On behalf
of all of our coworkers around the globe, our customers and our partners, our communities and our
investors, I would like to say thank you to Tom, you made a difference.

Let me turn now to Q3 performance. Once again, CDW posted strong top line growth and profitability.
Overall demand was strong and the teams did a great job addressing customer needs. For the quarter, we
delivered record net sales of $5.3 billion, 11.4% higher than last year and up 10.7% in constant currency.

Non-GAAP operating income of $435 million, up 12.6% and non-GAAP net income per share of $2.13,
15.4% higher than last year on a reported basis and up 15.8% in constant currency.

Our ability to deliver this strong top line and profitability was the result of 3 key drivers: our balanced
portfolio of customer end markets, the breadth of our product and solutions portfolio and our ongoing
execution against our 3-part strategy, which is focused on taking share and investing in the solutions and
capabilities our customers need and want.

Let me walk through each one of these and share some detail about how they contributed to our
performance. First, our balanced portfolio of customer end markets. As you know, we have 5 U.S. sales
channels: corporate; small business; health care; government, which includes federal and state and local
customers; and education with K-12 and higher ed.

We also have our U.K. and Canadian operations, each serving public and commercial customers. All of
these operations represent meaningful businesses in their own right. Often different factors impact these
diverse customer end markets. And this quarter, we saw that play out as our commercial business in the
U.S., our small and corporate channels and our international operations posted significant double-digit
increases, while our U.S. public's business posted a mid-single-digit decline.

From a macro perspective, supply remains under pressure this quarter. Demand outpaced supply and lead
times extended, particularly in several solutions areas. The team continued to leverage our distribution
centers, extensive logistics capabilities, deep vendor partner relationships and strong balance sheet
and liquidity position to navigate the supply environment. They did an exceptional job working with our
partners to stay on top of availability status.

Our sellers and technical specialists also worked with customers and whenever possible, found alternative
available product and built alternative solutions. These efforts helped mitigate some of the pressure and
our backlog increase was consistent with last quarter. The tight supply environment continued to impact
prices, which our teams were generally able to pass along.

Let's take a deeper look at third quarter customer end market performance. Commercial customer
priorities remain the same as in the second quarter, digital transformation, security and hybrid and cloud
solutions. Customers continue to prioritize investments to enable the future and add resiliency to their
operations to strengthen and secure infrastructure platform and end points.

Within this backdrop, Corporate increased 25% and customer demand remains strong. While many
customers delayed return to office, they continued to prepare as well as invest to facilitate hybrid work.
This drove ongoing strong double-digit increases in transactions, propelled by notebook, audiovisual and
desktop. At the same time, digital transformation remained a top priority. While buying sentiment was
clearly there, in many cases, the product was not.

Writings were strong, but with extended lead time backlog built during the quarter. Lack of product
availability, particularly in NetComm and storage muted corporate solutions growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Small business also delivered another exceptional quarter of growth, increasing almost 40%. The team
continued to help customers with remote enablement, security and video, driving strong growth across
both transactional and solutions categories.

As we have shared previously, small business customers tend to be more flexible in their technology
requirements. So while they did see some impact from supply constraints, small business did not
experience as much as Corporate, a great example of the power of diverse end markets.

You also see the power of our diverse end markets and our public performance. Net sales for our
government channel decreased 33%. Federal declined double digits, in large part due to the overlapping
of our Device-as-a-Service solution for the U.S. Census Bureau and other client device programs that were
particularly strong last year.

Security remains robust, with net sales up more than 30%. The gears of Washington were slower than
typical at federal year-end, and we had contracting delays in several large contracts. This is not unusual.
Given the magnitude of federal contracts, timing can influence performance. You've heard us talk about
Federal's lumpy nature in the past. This will unwind, and we expect to see a reversal back to growth in the
first half of 2022.

State and local posted a mid-single-digit decline. Stimulus funding remained largely unallocated to the
local level. This is because access to the multiyear American Rescue Plan Act funding with deadlines in
2024 led to greater focus on multiyear budget planning.

At the same time, state and local customers were focused on digesting last year's meaningful stimulus-
funded IT investments. We continue to work with our customers, but given the complexity of the various
funding opportunities and multiyear phasing, we do not expect to see projects moving ahead meaningfully
until early 2022.

Education increased by 2%. Higher Ed delivered high single-digit growth, driven by ongoing focus on
campus connectivity and enhancing the dorm room experience with double-digit growth in both security
software and servers.

The K-12 team did an excellent job and matched last year's record net sales coming in flat on top of last
year's 30%-plus growth. This was consistent with the expectations we shared on our year-end 2020 call,
where we looked for strong nonseasonal first half performance to be followed by a deceleration in the
second half.

Chromebook availability continued to improve during the quarter and client devices increased low single
digits on top of last year's stimulus equity and access-driven growth. Overall, transactions increased low
single digits on top of last year's strong double-digit growth. Solutions declined driven by a double-digit
decline in net comp, largely reflecting supply challenges.

We continue to expect above historical net sales against some very tough unseasonal fourth quarter
compares. Healthcare posted a 31% increase despite the second wave of COVID, staff shortages and
limited ICU bed availability during the quarter. Some projects that have been sidelined did resume. This
was particularly the case in security and health care remains a target for cybercrime.

Our security experts continue to guide hospital systems to find the best solutions that protect their
sensitive data and security sales increased strong double digits.

Other, which represents our U.K. and Canadian operations, increased over 30% on a reported basis. Both
the U.K. and Canada delivered mid-20% growth in local currency. Customer priorities in both markets
remain the same as the U.S. digital transformation, security and hybrid and cloud solutions, as do their
investments to enable the future and add resiliency to their operations.

Both operations experienced increased back orders. Clearly, the 11%-plus sales growth we delivered
demonstrates the power of the first driver of our performance, our balanced portfolio of customer end
markets. It also demonstrates the power of the second driver of our performance this quarter, the breadth
of our product and solutions portfolio, which you can see in our major category performance.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Transactions increased low double digits, driven by client device growth in video. Solutions were flat with
double-digit increases in servers and collaboration tools, offset by declines in NetComm and Enterprise
Storage.

Drilling further down into key solutions categories, cloud customer spend once again increased strong
double digits. We saw robust growth across all 3 top cloud workloads: security, Infrastructure-as-a-Service
and Productivity. We expect strong customer demand for cloud solutions to continue, and we are well
positioned to deliver.

And once again, given its ongoing importance to our customers, our security practice delivered excellent
results. Customer spend was up strong double digits. Our teams continue to guide customers on their
security posture, assess their environment, design the best approach and deploy and manage the
solutions throughout its life cycle.

Overall, for the quarter, we delivered double-digit growth in hardware, low single-digit growth in software
and strong double-digit growth in services. Software net sales increased low single digits. Strong double-
digit increase in security software, database software and backup and recovery were partially offset by
declines in network management software, storage and telephony-related software.

As I have shared before, services are fundamental to our go-to-market approach and a key enabler of
our value proposition. This quarter's nearly 30% growth was a product of both organic performance and
inorganic contribution and was driven by both professional and managed services.

And this leads to the final driver of our performance in the quarter, the impact of investments we are
making in our 3-part strategy for growth. As you know, in October, we announced our planned acquisition
of Sirius Computer Solutions.

When we announced the acquisition, I shared how it deepens and adds scale to our services capabilities,
capabilities that will ensure we remain the trusted technology adviser to our customers as they accelerate
their digital transformation.

Notice I said deepens Sirius' additive to our existing capabilities, capabilities we have built through both
organic and inorganic investments, capabilities that enable us to serve customers as their trusted adviser,
whether in a physical, digital or cloud-based environment in the U.S. and internationally.

Why so many investments in services capabilities? Simply put, services are becoming an increasingly
larger component of total e-customer IT spend. For CDW, services position us to enable the whole
solution, increase our engagement with customers and stickiness, and provide insights into opportunities
to further help our customers across the full IT life cycle.

Today, IT leaders are accountable for both running the business and using technology to transform the
business and deliver strategic outcomes to both run the business and transform it, leaders need to invest
resources where they can have the greatest impact and do so with the greatest speed.

Services are critical to making this happen. To address this need, we have built engineering services
capability that span the full stack and full life cycle. Our technical organization has grown to more than
3,700 presales specialists and engineers.

Today, we can deliver complex digital transformation solutions from code to cloud and data center to
database and deliver them quickly. Let me share an example of how our services team is helping a global
online home retailer to transform their business for their next wave of growth, a transformation that was
hindered by legacy technology.

To accelerate their transformation, our customer opted for a combination of public cloud technologies
and new cloud native pattern. This would create the agility they needed essentially an on-demand
environment. A great idea about accelerating cloud technology requires specialized expertise that is
inefficient to keep on staff, and that is where CDW came in.

First, we leveraged our cloud managed services and offloaded some of the cloud projects from the
customer to CDW. Then we pulled in our Digital Velocity Talent orchestration services or DVT. DVT

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

orchestration supplies customers with talent to work inside the customer's existing teams, talent that is
becoming more and more vital in today's environment.

Digital Velocity Talent orchestration delivers highly vetted resources, whether already employed by CDW or
sourced by us. CDW Services enabled the solution, but it did so much more. As you can imagine, this level
of high-touch integration creates customer loyalty with ongoing relationships on the ground and continued
exchange between CDW and the customer, ultimately leading to more business, great for the customer
and great for CDW.

This is an excellent example of our 3-part strategy in action and how M&A enhances our organic
investments to ensure we remain our customers' #1 choice as a trusted adviser. Solving key business
problems for our customers in today's environment requires strong service and solutions capabilities,
capabilities that when combined with our great relationships and competitive advantages of scale, scope
and disciplined execution, enable us to win in the marketplace and deliver sustainable, profitable growth
today and in the future.

And that leads me to our expectations for the balance of the year. We continue to look for growth in 2021
to come in between 9.25% and 10% in constant currency, split roughly between 5% IT market growth and
425 to 500 basis points of CDW market outperformance.

This reflects our expectation that supply constraints do not mitigate any time in the near future. but do
not get materially worse. Remember, these constraints don't just reflect component shortages, but also
labor and logistics challenges. Challenges we do not expect to reverse in the near term, and challenges
that we do not expect to resolve as a flush rather gradually.

As far as wildcards, in addition to the fluid supply situation and the potential for another wave of COVID,
given the slowdown in third quarter GDP growth, we will keep a watchful eye out for any slowdown in the
economy.

As we do, we will continue to do what we do best, leverage our competitive advantages to help
our customers address their IT priorities and achieve their strategic objectives and out-execute our
competition.

I hope you can tell from my comments that this quarter's performance reinforced our confidence that we
have the right strategy in place, a strategy that serves us well when contrasted with macro or customer-
specific challenges and positions us for sustainable growth, a strategy designed to continue our evolution
as the leading IT solutions provider, and most importantly, a strategy that delivers profitable growth and
returns to shareholders.

This confidence underpins today's action by our Board to increase our quarterly cash dividend by 25%. I
know many of you may be wondering what we expect for next year. We are in the middle of our planning
process. And as we always do, we'll provide our outlook for 2022 on our year-end conference call.

And with that, let me turn it over to Al, who will share more detail on our financial performance. Al?

Albert Joseph Miralles
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'll start my prepared remarks with more detail on the third
quarter, move to capital allocation priorities and then finish up with the 2021 outlook.

Turning to our third quarter P&L on Slide 8. Consolidated net sales were $5.3 billion, up 11.4% on a
reported and an average daily sales basis. On a constant currency average daily sales basis, consolidated
net sales grew 10.7%. Net sales and channels most impacted by COVID-19 last year, Corporate, Small
Business and International continue to rebound, posting strong double-digit growth in the quarter and
delivering sales above 2019 levels.

This quarter's growth also benefited from strong double-digit performance in health care, but was
tempered by a slowdown in education and decline in government. On the supply side, overall backlog
increased several hundred million dollars in the quarter and continues to be elevated year-over-year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

The team did a great job leveraging CDW's competitive advantages so the backlog did not increase even
more. Gross profit for the quarter was $915 million, an increase of 10.8% on a reported basis. Gross
margin was 17.3%, down approximately 10 basis points versus last year. This is primarily driven by lower
product margin, partially offset by an increase in the mix of net service contract revenue, primarily in
Software-as-a-Service in addition to strong Professional and Managed Services performance.

Turning to SG&A on Slide 9. Non-GAAP SG&A increased 9.2%. Increase is primarily driven by payroll costs
including sales compensation, which moves gross profit growth, and performance-based compensation
consistent with higher attainment against financial goals.

Finally, it reflects investments in the business, including increased coworker counts focused on execution
of our strategy. Coworker count at the end of the third quarter was 11,098, up 432 from the second
quarter and 1,118 over prior year. The increase in coworker count reflects organic and inorganic
investments to support high-growth solution areas and our own digital transformation.

GAAP operating income was $386 million, up 21.6%. Non-GAAP operating income, which better reflects
operating performance, was $435 million, up 12.6%. And non-GAAP operating income margin was 8.2%.

Moving to Slide 10. Interest expense was $36 million, down 9.4%. The decrease was primarily due to
savings from last year's refinancing. Our GAAP effective tax rate, shown on Slide 11, was 23.9%. To get
to our non-GAAP effective tax rate, we adjust taxes consistent with non-GAAP net income add-backs, as
shown on Slide 12.

For the quarter, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 25.3%, up 200 basis points versus last year's rate,
primarily due to a onetime impact of state and foreign tax benefits recognized in the prior year.

As you can see on Slide 13, with second quarter weighted average diluted shares outstanding of $139
million, GAAP net income per share was $1.91, up 43.2%. Our non-GAAP net income was $298 million in
the quarter, up 12.3%. And non-GAAP net income per share was $2.13, up 16.4% from last year.

Turning to year-to-date results on Slides 14 through 19. Net sales were $15 billion, an increase of 13.1%
on a reported basis and 13.7% on an average daily sales basis. We had 1 fewer selling day year-to-date in
2021, which will be made up in Q4, and we have 1 extra selling day compared to the prior year.

On a constant currency average daily sales basis, year-to-date consolidated net sales were 12.6% higher
than the prior year. Gross profit was $2.6 billion, up 11.3% and gross profit margin was 17%, down
approximately 20 basis points year-over-year.

Operating income was roughly $1.1 billion and non-GAAP operating income was $1.2 billion, up 18.7%.
Net income was $773 million and non-GAAP net income was $834 million, up 20.7%. Non-GAAP net
income per share was $5.89, up 23.5%.

Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 20. At September 30, cash and cash equivalents were $245 million
and net debt was $3.8 billion. Liquidity remains strong with cash plus revolver availability of approximately
$1.4 billion.

Year-to-date free cash flow was $341 million, as shown on Slide 21. This is lighter than last year's record
$1.2 billion of free cash flow, which benefited from timing and onetime items.

Year-to-date, we saw some of the timing reverse as we mixed out of vendors with extended payment
terms. Additionally, working capital increased to support our strong year-to-date growth, and we
continue to make strategic investments in inventory to support our customers through this choppy supply
environment.

Moving to Slide 22. The 3-month average cash conversion cycle was 25 days, up 9 days from last year's
third quarter. Increase was primarily driven by mixing out of vendors with longer payment cycles, in
addition, to holding customer-driven stocking positions and the timing of receipts and shipments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Turning to capital allocation on Slide 23. Our 2021 priorities remain the same. First, increase the dividend
in line with non-GAAP net income, including today's 25% increase to the dividend. The increased annual
dividend of $2 is approximately 25% of trailing 12-month non-GAAP net income through September.

The Q4 2021 dividend demonstrates our confidence in the earnings power and cash flow generation of the
business and marks the eighth consecutive year of increases since our initial public offering in 2013.

Our dividend has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 36% from its initial level. We will continue to
target a 25% payout ratio going forward, growing the dividend in line with earnings.

Second, we ensure we have the right capital structure in place with a targeted net leverage ratio of 2.5x to
3x. We ended the third quarter at 2.3x.

Third, supplement organic growth for strategic acquisitions, Sirius, which we announced on October 18
and our recent Focal Point and Amplified IT acquisitions are great examples.

And fourth, we return excess cash after dividends and M&A to shareholders through share repurchases.
During the quarter, we continued to deploy cash consistent with our capital allocation priorities, returning
$505 million to shareholders, including $55 million of dividends and $450 million of share repurchases at
an average price of approximately $188 per share.

We continue to expect to return approximately $1.7 billion to shareholders for the full year 2021, including
$1.5 billion in share repurchases with the balance from dividends.

Going forward, we continue to execute against our capital allocation priorities as we have done since
2014. In 2022, post closing of the Sirius acquisition, we expect to have an initial net leverage ratio of
approximately 3.3x. While our capital allocation priorities will remain the same, we will shift our objectives
to focus on paying the dividend and reducing debt.

As a result of this focus, we'll put a lower priority on M&A and share repurchases until our net leverage is
in our target range of 2.5x to 3x, which we expect to achieve by the end of 2022. We continue to expect
to close the Sirius acquisition in December, and we intend to share additional thoughts on the financial
impacts of consolidating Sirius into CDW on our fourth quarter call.

Moving to the outlook for 2021 on Slide 24. Supply and product lead times remain fluid, making it
challenging to comprehensively forecast with a high degree of confidence. On the demand side, we
continue to see strong activity and momentum, particularly with both U.S. and international commercial
customers.

On the supply side, visibility remains a challenge. Constraints continue to notebooks, desktops, video,
NetComm and data center categories, resulting in longer lead times and a higher backlog. With the
exception of Chromebooks, the supply environment has not improved since our last earnings call; we do
not expect it to improve in the near future.

With that context for full year 2021, we continue to expect the U.S. IT market to grow approximately 5%
and our net sales to grow 425 to 500 basis points faster than the U.S. IT market in constant currency. This
assumes a consistent supply chain environment and impact to our backlog.

We feel good about the health of the business, and we continue to navigate the fluid supply environment.
We continue to expect currency to contribute an approximately 80 basis points of the full year net sales
growth, assuming exchange rates of $1.38 to the British pound and $0.80 to the Canadian dollar.

Moving down the P&L. We now expect non-GAAP operating income margin to be in the high 7% range for
full year 2021. As you've heard us say, we believe now is the time to invest in the business and expect
investments made in the fourth quarter to drive an operating margin, which will deliver our full year
outlook.

Putting it all together, we now expect non-GAAP constant currency earnings per share growth in the
high teens. call it, 18% plus or minus 25 basis points. Currency is expected to contribute an additional

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

70 basis points to earnings per share growth. Additional modeling thoughts for annual depreciation and
amortization, interest expense and the non-GAAP effective tax rate can be found on Slide 25.

For free cash flow, our long-term rule of thumb remains unchanged at 3.75% to 4.25% of net sales,
assuming current tax rates. However, given the timing impacts that contributed 2020's significant over
delivery and ongoing customer-driven stocking positions as well as the time of receipts and shipments,
we expect 2021 free cash flow to come in slightly below the low end of the range. Additional modeling
thoughts on the components of free cash flow including capital expenditures and the cash conversion cycle
can also be found on Slide 25.
That concludes the financial summary. As we always do, we will provide updated views on the macro
environment and our business on our future earnings calls. And with that, I'll ask the operator to open up
for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] First question comes from Adam Tindle at Raymond James.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Chris, I wanted to start on Sirius to see if you had some early feedback from customers now that the
announcement has been out? And specifically wondering if those Sirius enterprise customers are perhaps
willing to breach the conversation on utilizing CDW's transactional portfolio that Sirius didn't have?

And conversely, the CDW mid-market customers more interested in Sirius's services portfolio. So kind of a
qualitative view from the customer perspective on potential revenue synergies in this deal.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thanks for the question. And you know, we're in a little bit of a quiet period here as we go through the
various regulatory approvals. That said, one of the areas that we focus very quickly was feedback. And I
would just tell you, it's been really, really positive on both fronts.

So our customers at CDW are delighted about the acquisition and really looking forward to the combined
entity and the capabilities that they help bolster CDW given their reputation in the market and the quality
of their services.

And the reciprocal is true as well. I talked to Joe Mertens late in the day of the announcement, and he
made his way through a lot of customers as had their frontline sellers. And it was, for the most part, all
positive. So again, we think that as I said the word before a home run deal, and we're going to make it
work really well, and our customers seem to be excited. Our partners equally are thrilled. It's exactly what
they were looking for us to do and they're thrilled.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Right. And I think that aspect of home run deal has some investors wondering a little bit more on Sirius
recent performance. The purchase price was very attractive, all-cash-in nature, and there was some
skepticism on what's been going on with the business in 2021.

I know you gave us color based on 2020, but maybe you could help dispel any of that concern by talking
about what you've seen out of Sirius performance in 2021?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Well, look, they're doing just fine and their customers like us in areas like federal, which we talked about
today, are enterprise customers. And as you know, that can be a lumpy business. So when we did our
diligence and looked at the pipeline and the types of programs they're running with customers, they were
having a similar impact that we were having with regard to our larger customers.

Some things being delayed, some things being planned, not yet rolled out necessarily, particularly in terms
of delays going back to the office, et cetera. But I would tell you that we feel very confident, Adam, in
the health of their business and the prospects of the business, in the pipeline for the business and in the
opportunities for Sirius and CDW as a combined entity.

Operator

The next question comes from Shannon Cross at Cross Research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I wanted to dig a bit more into backlog composition. If you're seeing any order cancellations? Or how it
developed over the quarter, maybe linearity just to get an idea of how sustainable and sticky do you think
the backlog will be?

Albert Joseph Miralles
Senior VP & CFO

Shannon, this is Al. So a couple of things that I would note. So going into the quarter, we maybe would
have expected that there'd be a bit of a kind of a modest view of backlog. I'd say overall for the quarter, it
was a bit more than modest. And let's call it, in terms of just all characteristics similar to Q2, and a couple
of variants or components that maybe looked a little different.

And I think Chris touched on this in the prepared remarks is that we saw a bit more of an effect from a
solutions perspective and that would included notably net common storage. Notwithstanding that similar
to Q2, and look, I would just note the all things considered, the team did an exceptional job navigating
through that and delivering on the results.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

And okay. So -- but you don't -- you're not seeing double orders, you're not worried about any kind of loss
of backlog?

Albert Joseph Miralles
Senior VP & CFO

We are not. I would just note that -- look, I think there's a component in the backlog that there's likely
some pull forward, right? It's been a tenuous environment. And so there are customers that I think
probably have a perspective that knowing that this doesn't have a clear end date maybe get in front of
some of their projects, and so there's probably a component that's pulled forward.

We're not feeling the effects or seeing the effects of either double bookings or order cancellations.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Okay. And then just a quick question on Chris, maybe how are you thinking about inflation? And clearly,
you can pass through higher product cost. But I just sort of, in general, as you go through your budgeting
and planning for 2022, are you thinking more transitory? Or are you sort of planning for some of these
cost increases to be here for the long term?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Shannon, you'll hear more about our planning next year. As we think about it, look, it feels like the
perspective out there is maybe a little worse than transitory. And so we will just keep our eye on the
economy and how this could impact in particular different segments of our business. For example, I think
about Small Business, they are really doing a terrific job right now, but we're keeping a very close eye
on that segment of the market to understand how the economy might be impacting them, where their
optimism is, their ability to hire, et cetera.

So as we always do, we'll keep an eye on it. It feels a little worse than transitory. But again, we think that
technology is an A1 priority, and our customers will continue to invest in technology. if, in fact, it becomes
a little more expensive, we think they'll keep the priority there.

And look, if we can keep the economy coming out of the pandemic with the momentum we seem to be
building and positive nature in the economy, we're feeling pretty good.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Operator

The next question comes from Ruplu Bhattacharya of Bank of America.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Chris, I wanted to ask about the education market. In 3Q '20, 4Q '20, you had $2 billion quarters. And
again, this year in June and September, you've again had $2 billion quarters. So there's a year-on-year
headwind from the Mississippi Department of Education project that you had in December.

So how should we think about -- can you give us your thoughts on this end market going into 4Q? I mean
how do you balance -- I mean, what are your thoughts on the stimulus package and the benefit you can
get there versus the year-on-year headwinds you've had from a stronger year ago quarter?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thanks for reminding the team of the great performance. They will appreciate that. Look, we called this
out earlier in the year, and I mentioned it again in our prepared -- my prepared remarks, but it's really
been unseasonal, and we expected to see the first half of this year be quite strong as it has been, but we
have -- we are lapping a big back half of the year. So we would expect to still continue to see, I'll call it,
solid performance and it's a bit unseasonal because at the end of the year.

But it's going to decelerate in our view, and it will be difficult to overcome the level of growth that we
saw last year. That said Ruplu, it's the stimulus funding, for example, the Emergency Connectivity Act is
yet another source of funds for education institutions to be able to fortify their classrooms in the hybrid
environment.

The one thing with that funding is schools are able to use it for orders that are placed. So we're working
our way through what if that money relates to orders that have been placed, but we're confident that
there's a large portion that are additive to the base.

And again, the team, as they always do, has done a phenomenal job helping our K-12 customers work
through that funding. So as you've heard me say before, I feel very confident in education over the long
term. It is a growth area. The education market has inflection points, and we have always been ahead
of those inflection points, whether it's how the classroom itself changes, whether it's going to hybrid,
whatever those are, we are usually there.

And I'll tell you, Amplified IT, which we just added, is taking us to yet another leg of growth for K-12 with
their cloud-enabled capabilities and their IP developed technology that they offer for classrooms. So tough
half year, but the team is doing very well in long-term growth area.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. Maybe for my follow-up, if I can ask Al about operating margins. So you had another good quarter,
another quarter of above 8% operating margin, and you're guiding an increase for the full year to high 7s.
If we just look at core CDW and not consider Sirius right now, which is accretive to the company.

But if we just look at core CDW, do you think that having a high 7s operating margin is a sustainable level
going forward? What are the puts and takes that we need to keep in mind?

Albert Joseph Miralles
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Ruplu. So I think you just hit it at the end there. Look, there are lots of
puts and takes in any given quarter. And I'll just start, if you just put aside the supply chain environment,
right? Mix does really matter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

So if we think about components what's transactional, what's solutional from a mix perspective, that
matters. Channel mix matters. All those things have an impact, I'll say, to start on your gross margin. And
obviously, then the kind of the drop down from an operating margin perspective.

So let's just keep that in minds. And again, kind of supply chain will matter as well. In the case of this
particular quarter and maybe as an example, so on a sequential basis, our gross profit margin increased
from the prior quarter, right?

And some moving parts there in terms of mix there, that is a little bit less public mix from a channel
perspective, and then you've got transactional solution. And then very notably, Ruplu, I would just note
the fact that your 100% gross margin items will have an impact. In this quarter, our 100% gross margin
items grew faster than our net sales. So that's going to have an impact as well.

And so again, all of that steeped in focus on gross margin. Then finally, if we walk that down to operating
margin, it's been just a matter of the -- at what pace is our non-GAAP SG&A spend happening? In the
case of this quarter, I would say our non-GAAP SG&A spend lags some of that growth in gross profit. And
so we dropped more to the operating margin for the quarter.

And when you look to our outlook, relative to what that operating margin was for this quarter, we're giving
an outlook of high 7s. And that reflects that we would expect in the fourth quarter that spend is going to
pick back up and it's going to balance us back out to a high 7s on the operating margin.

As you look forward, look, I think you get a good sense for the strategy and the movement in where we're
going longer term in terms of mixing into services and mixing into 100% gross margin, all those mix
components will matter as we go forward.

Operator

The next question on the line comes from Jim Suva at Citigroup.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Probably a question for Chris. But when we think about stimulus, the timing of it, the political nature of it
is a little bit hard to pinpoint. But then when we layer in the supply chain challenges and deal with schools
and local governments and smaller-sized governments and municipalities who may not be as tech savvy
as the Fortune 50 or 500.

Can you talk a little bit about the visibility? Are they starting to place orders or starting to say, "Hey, if this
gets approved and if we get this amount, here's what I want." Because it seems like with the long lead
times, if they say they want to implement something in the summer for education, we're getting to a point
of window where you won't be able to procure the items. So any talk or color on the discussions you're
having around these topics?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jim, there's a lot packed in there, stimulus across many different segments. So let me start with
education, which is I think where you were going there. Yes, it's complicated, right? We've got the supply
ecosystem that is -- has got some impacts to it right now. So we're trying to manage through all of that.

Here's what I'd say about K-12. You know we have a lot of experience understanding funding, stimulus
funding and other types of funding for educational institutions. So we sit side-by-side with our customers
to make sure they understand both where the dollars can be used for what products in particular or for
what outcomes because sometimes outcome based, and what the deadlines are and what those deadlines
mean?

Do you have to have the product in-house? Do you have to have the product order placed? So there's a lot
of navigating that's going on, and I feel highly confident that the team is doing a phenomenal job with our
customers and that our K-12 customers are not going to lose out on any funding. That's really clear.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

In the state and local space where we've got stimulus funding coming down, it's been a bit complicated
because the funding packages, there were 3 of them, as we've talked about before. The CARES Act
package, for example, had a deadline at the end of the coming year, that was from March of last year.

The end of last year, it was -- there was nothing for states and locals in the stimulus package. And then in
March, there was a hefty amount. But as we all know, when it comes to state and local, it's about budget
cycles, and it's about funding deadlines.

So the spending that's taken place in 2021 is primarily from the CARES package with a deadline this
year. What we're seeing now is, I don't want to call it slowing down, but I'm going to say a moderating in
planning and state and local governments now have the funding where they don't have to spend until the
end of 2024.

And so they are now looking at a multiyear approach. Pretty unusual this multiyear approach, but that's
what they're doing. And we're helping them with it. There's a lot of complexity. It's very solution-based in
my view, in terms of what customers are trying to do. So we don't really expect that to meaningfully come
to fruition until early next year.

But there's just a lot of tentacles, and they're all different based on the stimulus package and on the
actual market that we're talking to. But again, I would just reiterate that this is something we do. It's
frankly a core capability like working with partners. It's a core capability to understand in the federal state
and local education, health care spaces, where the funding is, what it means, what the deadlines are and
how to use it and then to basically walk our customers through it. So I know that was a long answer, I
hope it was helpful.

Operator

The next question on the line comes from Katy Huberty at Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just given the backlog commentary, can you talk about the gap between net sales growth and orders or
writing growth in 3Q and maybe how that compared to the second quarter? Then I have a follow-up.

Albert Joseph Miralles
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Katy, this is Al. Look, we won't quote the exact delta there, but I think it's safe to say that we
continue to see strong written demand and that continues to show up. And that's part of what bolsters our
confidence. Certainly, shipments have lagged that. And again, I'll go back to my comment, I would say
the delta there and the mix looks like the second quarter did and that would be consistent across products
with the one caveat that as we mentioned, Solutions was a little bit stronger or a little worse than it was in
Q2.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And then Al maybe a follow-up for you. The ending cash balance of $245 million is lower than your
typical buffer. Can you just talk about the drivers of cash outflow in the quarter and the financing needs
near term to rebuild that buffer and also to fund the Sirius acquisition?

Albert Joseph Miralles
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Sure. So first, on the Sirius acquisition. I think we mentioned on the previous call, we have
committed financing in place. So we expect that we are going to finance the acquisition fully.

From a cash balance perspective, I think, Katy, if you compare it to where we were at the end of the
year and maybe a year ago, certainly, we look lower. And a couple of things there. One, we had a debt
refinancing or financing, I should say, in 2021. So that bolstered that cash position.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And then notably, for 2021, we've used a fair amount of cash for the existing acquisitions we've had as
well as share repurchases. So I think the combination of where we sit from a cash balance on our revolver
availability perspective, we feel quite good with where we stand and then we feel quite good about our
ability to create and generate free cash flow in 2022.

Operator

The next question comes from Matthew Sheerin at Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Chris, I wanted to just ask about the strong cloud growth that you're seeing, particularly Infrastructure-
as-a-Service. And I'm wondering if some of that is positively impacted by the fact that customers maybe
are moving or accelerating towards the cloud because of the product in infrastructure, on-prem product
shortages? Are you seeing any of that in terms of customers saying, "Yes, maybe now is the time to move
because we don't want to wait?"

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Matt, it's a great question. We've been asking ourselves that as well and talking to customers about
it, given the kind of pervasive and persistent nature of the supply chain and the fact that it continues
to extend, I would say -- I would characterize it this way: customers are rethinking and considering
accelerating some movement to cloud and potentially rearchitecting some of their solutions in more -- in a
public cloud-like environment versus, for example, on-prem cloud.

But what I wouldn't characterize it as is just a wholesale shift. Customers are still very strategic in how
they think about both flexibility, obviously, and scalability, but also cost. And if you combine all of those
things together, they're still looking for the absolute best solution and, therefore, not just doing the
wholesale shift.

So I guess the answer would be: we are having those conversations, we are seeing some decisions made
around accelerating to public cloud, but I wouldn't say that it's with and wholesale, if that helps.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then on the PC demand that you're seeing, which it sounds like that continues to be
strong. You've talked about shortages, particularly on the commercial side. What are your thoughts there
in terms of the PC cycle? And are you seeing any early signs of adoption of Win 10? And do you see that
as a driver going forward?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Well, look, I wouldn't say that I've seen necessarily early adoption just yet. But as is always the case,
there will be early adopters, and there will be later adopters, and they will be our customers. So we'll help
them through that.

You all are familiar with the end of life for Win 10 and the timing for Win 11 around the 2024-2025
time period. So it will be a driver. It's not been a driver yet. I think PCs generally, you've heard me say,
I continue to believe in PCs. I think that we have more PC density now. We are going to see sort of
replacement cycles of PCs for a couple of reasons, wear and tear, but also the technology improves at a
faster pace and client devices are more and more important to the productivity of the people using them.

You also have use cases that are expanding. And the hybrid work model obviously is really driving PC
usage. So we will -- we feel good about PC growth and Win 11 will certainly be a driver of that at some
point over probably a couple of year period.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

The next question comes from Samik Chatterjee at JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Chris, I just wanted to start off and go back to your comments, you mentioned this a couple of
times now about monitoring the SMB segment for economic activity just given the increase in cases, et
cetera. And you mentioned you haven't seen any sizable impact yet, but is there something more on
a regional basis when you look at across the U.S. or maybe in some international markets on a more
regional kind of specific basis you're seeing any changes in activity from your customers where maybe
there is a stronger correlation to how cases are trending? Any insights on that? And I have a follow-up,
please.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. Here's what I would say about the current environment. We're watching it, as is everybody, and
we're cautious about it. And we put it in the category of wildcard because I don't know that -- anybody
knows what's going to happen. But we all also know there's been more momentum around vaccination
availability at lower ages, antivirals, the rate of vaccine, particularly when we think of our locations, the
U.K. and Canada, the U.S. is a little lower, but that's obviously diverse geographically.

All of that said, I'll tell you the sentiment of our customers is, we're moving forward. We're thinking and
investing for getting back to kind of a robust environment and economy, and we're thinking forward. So I
think a little bit unlike going into last year's winter months where the cautiousness, I would say, was on a
really high level.

We're just feeling customers saying, we got to invest. And so if we're not going to be going back to work
until early next year or work from anywhere, we've got to invest. And that is, I would say, ubiquitous
across the markets that we serve.

So we -- in 2020, we talked about the unevenness and the impact of certain geos, certain industries, et
cetera, I just feel like the tone has really changed to the platform of we got to get back, we got to get
back, we got to build for the future. So that's what we're seeing.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. A quick follow-up. I think you're clearly indicating that the operating margin in 3Q doesn't repeat in
4Q and you have incremental spend coming through. How much of that is, as you mentioned, some of the
catch-up on SG&A versus what you outlined as is the right time to spend? And I'm just trying to think of
what portion of that incremental spend should I be annualizing for the next year?

Albert Joseph Miralles
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks, Samik. So look, in the fourth quarter, we'll give more guidance with respect to what that
looks like for 2022 and reflective of our combination with Sirius, right? So -- but let me just focus my
comments on fourth quarter. I would say the non-GAAP SG&A spend is just an unevenness or a timing
effect of that spend in Q3 that probably lagged a bit.

In Q4, we'd expect that to pick up. There's probably a component there that as we think about the Sirius
combination, we're thinking more broadly about what that combination looks like and how does that
ultimately impact our investment spend?

That being said, we're going to continue forward in Q4 with the efforts that we've been focused on and
notably our own digital transformation as well as to continue to invest in the high-growth solutions and
services areas.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

The final question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Chris, I'm just kind of thinking here through the investments that companies are making in technology
and based on the supply chain shortages that they are. Is there a willingness of your customers to move
to another solution set or a hardware solution set that can be fulfilled by the end of the year? Because
the thinking is a lot of these companies have IT budget, they want to spend anyway, and there's always a
project to wish that they want to do.

Are people willing to convert to other projects in order to spend that money? Or are they holding on until
the products are available?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's a great question. And I'd say it really depends frequently on the customer set. So small
businesses have always been more nimble and less kind of tied to particular requirements. And we have
seen success there. And I think in my prepared remarks, we indicated the supply chain, while they were
impacted, supply chain constraints didn't impact them as much as in corporate because we could help
them find alternatives.

When you get to larger organizations, it becomes harder because those organizations have specific
requirements. And they really don't want to shift off of them. It creates more work, frankly, within the
organization. What we've seen there, and I think Al mentioned it is, we have worked with our customers
to get in line earlier.

So a lot of customers have been working very hard to get their orders in earlier than they typically would
in hopes that they will get -- get the product by year-end. All that said, anywhere that there are, I'll say,
mission -- less than mission-critical type technology that we can help them find alternative whether it's a
brand, whether it is the cloud, whether it's something else that they can be using, you can bet we're doing
it.

But you're absolutely right, there's going to be a lot of pressure as we go into the back end of the year to
get that product out, and we expect we'll be able to help them do it.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Got you. And as a follow-up here. In terms of the shortages that you're experiencing, are you finding that
those shortages over this quarter, I guess, over the previous quarters, are they consistent with specific
product set or solution sets? Or is it really kind of like a game of whack-a-mole where, I guess, fixed in
one area, but a new product source comes up in another area?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Well, there's -- I said this before, you've got the kind of supply chain ecosystem. And so you've got -- you
have capacity, you got components. You've got logistics, you've got labor, you've got all of this impacting
the ability to get product.

And it has kind of shifted through the course of the year. So we've had on the transactional side, notebook
and video and monitors and things like that, that have been constrained. Chromebooks were very much
constrained, okay? Chromebook has started to ease up a little.

That's planning a good 13 months ago to get to that point by the OEMs. What we saw the shift this year in
this past quarter and a little before was solutions product now being more constrained. And we mentioned
NetComm, in particular and Storage in particular.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

So that is a problem when things are moving around, particularly when what customers need are
comprehensive and holistic solutions, not just key parts. So whack-a-mole is a good word or a good term
for it.

Operator

We have no further questions registered on the line. So I'll hand the call back to Chris Leahy to conclude
the call.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Bethany, thank you. I want to recognize the incredible dedication of our coworkers around the globe
and their extraordinary commitment to serving our customers, our partners and all of CDW stakeholders
and thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to serve you. And to our investors and
analysts participating in this call, we appreciate you and your continued interest in and support of CDW,
and we look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Have a good day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

