Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. NYSE:CMG
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 22, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.40

0.40

Revenue  (mm)

1340.22

1364.74

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2020 7:00 AM GMT

0.00

1.83

3.00

9.85

19.44

1468.65

5758.18

6662.98

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.22

2.76

2.68

0.40

3.82

2.86

3.08

0.40

18.63 %

3.62 %

14.93 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ashish Kohli
Head of Investor Relations

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jake Rowland Bartlett
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Katherine Irene Fogertey
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Chipotle Mexican Grill Second Quarter 2020 Results Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Ashish Kohli, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Ashish Kohli
Head of Investor Relations

Hello, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings call. By now, you should have access
to our earnings press release. If not, it may be found on our Investor Relations website at ir.chipotle.com.

I will begin by reminding you that certain statements and projections made in this presentation about
our future business and financial results constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are
based on management's current business and market expectations, and our actual results could differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Please see the risk factors contained in
our annual report on Form 10-K and in our Form 10-Qs for a discussion of risks that may cause our actual
results to vary from these forward-looking statements.

Our discussion today will include non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP measures can be
found via the link included on the presentation page within the Investor Relations section of our website.

We will start today's call with prepared remarks from Brian Niccol, our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer; and Jack Hartung, Chief Financial Officer, after which we will take your questions. Our entire
executive leadership team is available during the Q&A session.

And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Ashish, and good afternoon, everyone. Since our last earnings call, the world has continued to
face unprecedented challenges with regard to health, economic and social issues. However, I'm so proud
of our employees, those in the field managing and running our restaurants, our support center staff who
are working remotely, as well as our supply partners for coming together to continue to provide our safe,
delicious, high-quality food made from real ingredients. As a result, Chipotle is successfully delivering
on its commitment to help cultivate a better world for our employees, guests, farmers, communities and
shareholders.

Today, I want to focus my discussion on 3 key topics: first, our efforts to take care of our people and
guests as restaurants reopen for in-room dining; second, provide details on our improving comp trends;
and third, highlight how we've built an operating model that's designed to generate strong performance in
a wide variety of environments such that we can win today while we create a bright future.

As I've mentioned previously, the health and well-being of our employees and guests has always been and
will continue to be our top priority. Given our strong financial position, we are able to make investments in
our people and the Chipotle business, which are not only helping us manage through this crisis but set us
up for a strong recovery and future success.

Our top priorities for the rest of the year include safely running our restaurants and reopening dining
rooms, using best practices to support alternate restaurant support center working arrangements,
ensuring supply chain consistency and strengthening our digital ecosystem. Within our restaurants,
we have taken a number of steps to enhance our robust food safety and wellness protocols, including
the creation of the steward role, which is focused on sanitization in high-touch and high-traffic areas;
providing masks for all employees; and having a tamper-evident packaging seal for all digital orders.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

We are also delighted to see many of our guests doing their part by wearing masks, socially distancing
and, where appropriate, leaving instructions in our app and online to request contactless deliveries and
carryout. These initiatives give our employees and guests confidence that Chipotle remains steadfast in
our commitment to keeping them safe especially now that the dining rooms are starting to reopen.

As of last week, about 30 restaurants remain fully closed, and these are mainly inside malls and shopping
centers. We began to open dine-in capabilities in the middle of May and currently have about 85% of our
restaurants offering limited in-restaurant and/or patio dining, with the remaining being open for to-go
services, which includes delivery, order-ahead and pickup, and coming into the restaurant and ordering a
meal that is taken then off-premise. Encouragingly, since sales troughed in late March, we've been able
to retain 70% to 80% of our digital sales gains while recovering 40% to 50% of our in-store sales. This
supports our thesis that digital tends to be highly sticky and was a key factor in helping improve our sales
performance as the quarter progressed.

Our Q2 comp was down 9.8%, which includes a 1.9% headwind from closed restaurants. Our restaurant-
level margins were 12.2%, and adjusted diluted EPS was $0.40, down 90% year-over-year. In terms
of monthly comp cadence, April was down 24%, with May being down 7% and then June showing
further progress to finish up 2%. July comps continue to improve and are up 6.4% month-to-date,
including about a 1.4% positive impact from the July 4 weekend and about a 2.7% negative impact due to
underperforming restaurants in the Northeast and international markets as well as restaurant closures due
to COVID-19. And keep in mind, we are comparing against a nearly 10% positive comp in July of 2019.

Overall, these trends highlight that despite these unprecedented conditions, our 5 key strategies continue
to resonate with guests and position us for success in the near term as well as giving us more confidence
in doubling our restaurant base while ultimately expanding AUVs and margins above $2.5 million and
25%, respectively.

Let me spend the rest of my time providing a brief update on each of these strategies, which are: making
the brand visible and loved; creating innovations, utilizing a stage-gate process; leveraging our digital
make line to expand access and convenience; engaging with customers through our loyalty program; and
running successful restaurants with a strong culture that provides great food, hospitality, throughput and
economics.

To begin with, our marketing team has been remarkably agile and proactive during the crisis by quickly
pivoting from traditional television advertising to creative social and digital media to help keep the
Chipotle brand relevant and drive awareness of our digital capabilities, whether it be Healthcare Heroes
to support frontline workers, Lifestyle Bowls to keep people healthy while working from home or virtual
events such as proms, concerts, e-gaming tournaments and the Virtual Farmers' Market. These initiatives
are helping support our customers, suppliers and communities in the time of need. These efforts continue
to drive awareness, expand access and grow sales by driving culture, driving difference and ultimately
driving a purchase.

In conjunction with marketing, our stage-gate process is a key enabler to develop innovation that
leads food culture and meets guests' requests. Over the last 18 months, Lifestyle Bowls, carne asada,
Supergreens salad mix and Queso Blanco were all successfully validated by this process. Despite less
marketing support than initially planned, our new queso, which uses 13 real ingredients and has just the
right spice level and texture, has been a hit with guests. Our current attach rate of high teens is roughly
70% higher than with the previous queso. The latest innovation to make it through the stage-gate process
and upgrading an existing item is a suite of Tractor Beverages. These are organic, non-GMO, less sugary
and align well with our Food with Integrity ethos. We received terrific customer feedback and expect these
to help improve our drink incidence moving forward.

While COVID, of course, has delayed testing of menu items over the past few months, the pipeline of
potential new options continues to build. Now that regions are starting to reopen, we anticipate being able
to test new items again, which will allow us to deliver on our goal of rolling out 1 to 2 new menu items
on average per year. To give you a couple of examples, we recently launched a pilot to test cilantro-lime
cauliflower rice and began offering quesadillas as a digital-only entrée, which we believe can overcome the
throughput challenge presented on the front line. These menu items are in various markets where we are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

gaining valuable guest and operational feedback. We will update you on our progress of all potential new
menu items as they move through our stage-gate process.

Next, our digital platform has been a big beneficiary of the current environment. Quarter 2 digital
sales grew 216% year-over-year to $829 million, which is by far our highest-ever quarterly level and
represented 61% of sales. Working from home, driving increased digital awareness via advertising, new
delivery partnerships with Uber Eats and Grubhub as well as expanding our digital capabilities into Canada
are attracting new customers and helping reduce friction while increasing convenient access.

Notably, partnering with all of the major third-party delivery aggregators has led to an increase in
orders, a reduction in delivery time and cancellations and an improvement in overall customer ratings.
As you know, all digital orders from Chipotle are fulfilled via our digital kitchens, which are comprised
of a dedicated make line and operated by a special team in nearly all Chipotle locations. Recent digital
investments such as Pepper, our Concierge Bot on Facebook Messenger, group ordering and complete
customization are further optimizing a seamless ordering experience for our guests.

Even with in-restaurant dining opening back up, we continue to see strong digital sales momentum in July
with a mix of nearly 50%. Breaking this down further shows that a little more than half is coming from
order-ahead and pickup transactions while the remainder is coming from delivery. Both channels continue
to perform well, but we are pleased that order-ahead is now our fastest grower due partly to being less
promotional on delivery, partly to more customers realizing the value of a pickup transaction as there are
no delivery fees and, to a lesser extent, more Chipotlanes. With free delivery promotions likely to be less
frequent moving forward and us pivoting more aggressively towards Chipotlanes, we are optimistic that
the order-ahead transaction will continue to be a big driver of future growth, which should benefit both
sales and margins.

Another element that has seen a meaningful acceleration over the past few months is our rewards
program, which now has nearly 15 million enrolled members. What an amazing accomplishment
considering this program was launched only 15 months ago. The rate of enrollment has roughly doubled
during the COVID crisis as customers flock to Chipotle's digital ordering channels. Today, the question I
hear most frequently is, "How are we going to benefit from this?" Interestingly, even in the early stages of
utilizing the customer data, we are seeing a significantly higher frequency of transactions from members
versus nonmembers. It's early days, but we are starting to leverage this growing installed base with
personalized promotions to incent behaviors, especially considering more than 70% of current digital
orders are from our members. We're also using this tool to help make our digital platform stickier by
reengaging customers if their usage drops.

As we continue to enhance our CRM journeys, we are seeing incremental transactions across all frequency
bands, not only as a result of the offers but also from our brand, safety and purpose-driven messaging.
We will continue to leverage our data over the second half of this year and expect loyalty to become a
bigger tailwind over time as our installed base expands and we increase our level of sophistication with
this large base of consumers.

Driving more people to Chipotle is only part of the equation. The other key is to ensure great restaurant
operations so that guests have an enjoyable experience and continue to come back. As I visit our
restaurants, it's apparent that the investments we are making in our people are paying off as our food
tastes great, employee retention continues to stabilize and service levels are improving. Not only is this
benefiting us currently, but these factors should position us well to drive higher throughput post-COVID as
in-restaurant demand returns to a more normal level.

What has always attracted me to Chipotle and what I believe is a key point of differentiation is our unique
purpose of cultivating a better world and a culture that has always been committed to fostering a diverse,
inclusive and safe environment where everyone can belong and have the opportunity to build personal and
professional success and make a positive difference in their family and communities. This isn't always easy
especially given the unrest and uncertainty at the moment, but we must do what is right even when it's
hard. More recently, Chipotle has taken several actions to help drive out inequality and injustice, including
listening sessions with our employees, financial contributions to organizations advocating against systemic
racism and forming a multicultural employee research group. The bottom line is that we're all in this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

together. And when we do our part, we can make a difference to our employees, our food, our business
practices and in our communities.

Before I conclude, I want to publicly welcome our 2 new directors, Mary Winston and Gregg Engles. Both
bring excellent experience to our Board and will be valuable assets for Chipotle.

Finally, I want to thank all of our employees for delivering excellent guest experiences and supporting our
restaurants and each other. Their belief in our purpose, commitment to living our values and hard work
is what's pulled us through what we hope is the worst of the COVID crisis. By channeling our energy into
programs and initiatives that help us become a stronger team, innovate and grow our business, I believe
we will finish 2020 with good momentum and be well positioned for the long run.

With that, here's Jack to walk you through the financials.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, and good afternoon, everyone. Before discussing our second quarter results, I also must
recognize and thank our incredible teams. I've personally been inspired to watch everyone come together
to face our current challenges, embracing new ways of working and decisively taking action to safely serve
our guests in the face of unprecedented conditions. From our operators doing a tremendous job managing
the restaurants and providing guests a delicious customized meal, our supply chain diligently working with
our partners to ensure there are no major disruptions and our support teams and development teams
working virtually to keep the business moving forward, I could not be prouder to be part of this team.

Looking at our Q2 performance, while the comp was down 9.8% for the quarter, it improved sequentially
every month. We're pleased to see this progress continue into July. Relative to the pre-COVID
environment, in-store ordering currently is down around 37%, while order-ahead is up 140% and delivery
is up 125%. We're also encouraged by the fact that there is a higher incidence of new customers, the
majority coming via the digital platform, making their second purchase in the same month and spending
more than before. This is another example of our digital access being sticky, resulting in our July-to-date
digital mix being nearly 50% of sales.

Restaurant-level margin for the quarter of 12.2% was negatively impacted by a significant number of
investments, including promotion to acquire digital customers, through bonuses and assistance pay, along
with costs related to COVID as well as higher supply chain expenses, most notably the spike in beef prices
that have since eased somewhat since the peak in May.

During the quarter, marketing and promo costs were elevated at 5% of sales due to free delivery. With this
promotion behind us, we expect marketing spend to normalize during the second half of 2020 towards our
typical target of 3%. While the investments in our people to acquire and to acquire digital customers put
pressure on our margins in the quarter, we're confident that these were the right investments to make and
will make our brand and our culture much stronger over time.

If you consider the month of June, where our comps turned slightly positive and we're trending a little
over $2.2 million AUV run rate, restaurant-level margin was roughly 20%. The gap relative to the
theoretical 22% margin we would expect at the sales level is primarily the impact of higher delivery mix
and partially the result of the temporary costs I just mentioned, including higher beef costs. Similar to
what many of our peers are already doing, we're about to experiment with delivery menu prices as a way
to potentially help offset this headwind and fully capture the margins expected at this volume.

As Brian mentioned, we believe our powerful and durable economic model remains very much intact.
In fact, our performance through the COVID crisis, particularly the strength of our digital business, is
giving us confidence in hitting the $2.5 million AUV mark earlier than we previously expected. We continue
to expect margins of around 25% at that sales level. At same time, we're aware that the uncertainty
surrounding the coronavirus pandemic makes it difficult to predict the near-term and medium-term
impact. And therefore, we are not providing fiscal 2020 comp guidance.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

That being said, Q3 margins and EPS will likely remain bumpy as we continue to make further investments
in our people, our business and our communities. Specific to the margin, we expect it to be in the high
teens based on continued price volatility in a few ingredients, including avocados as we transition from
Peruvian to Mexican fruit, as well as higher labor costs given the reopening of our dining rooms. However,
we see no major COVID-related market regression in the fall. We expect our sales to continue building,
which could lead to Q4 being the first quarter where margins and earnings begin to normalize. And this
should help set us up for a successful 2021.

We ended Q2 with $935 million in cash, restricted cash and short-term investments and no debt, which
gives us a strong balance sheet along with a $600 million untapped credit facility with which to continue to
navigate the prices. Our team remains focused on reducing nonessential controllable costs and judiciously
spending on return-generating projects to preserve liquidity.

I'm pleased to report that we generated positive free cash flow in the second quarter despite essentially a
normal level of growth CapEx investment, which we believe is the right thing to do and will pay off in the
long term. Furthermore, assuming the comp improvement we are seeing continues, that gives us greater
confidence in our potential to generate positive cash flow for the rest of this year, which will help support
ongoing strategic investments. While we didn't buy back any stock in Q2 in order to preserve cash and we
likely won't over the foreseeable future, we are open to revisiting the program and returning excess cash
to shareholders once the environment stabilizes.

During the second quarter, we're delighted to have opened 37 new restaurants with 21 having a
Chipotlane. We recently announced a milestone with the opening of our 100th Chipotlane. And these
formats continue to perform very well and have a higher overall digital mix and, in recent weeks, is
approaching 60%, with about 2/3 being from the higher-margin order-ahead and pickup. Also, if you look
at the sale there of the Chipotlane cohort, of the 13 Chipotlane that are in our comp base and therefore
open well before COVID, sales were over 10% higher than the non-Chipotlane comp restaurants from the
same opening period, while the more recent openings during COVID are actually 30% higher. We recently
relocated 3 restaurants who added Chipotlane, and we remodeled 3 more, and all are seeing higher
sales so far. These great results are fueling our desire to open more than 60% of new restaurants with
a Chipotlane this year with the goal of exceeding 70% in 2021. Opening more Chipotlanes will enhance
customer access and convenience as well as increase new restaurant sales, margins and returns.

Given factors out of our control, there was a pause in new ground breaks during April, but we started
construction again as soon as regions began reopening. While we continue to build new units currently
and expect to have a sequentially higher number of openings in Q3, there remains uncertainty around a
potential spike in COVID cases in the fall, which makes it difficult to offer 2020 new restaurant opening
guidance at this time. However, we remain confident in the long-term opportunity to more than double
the number of Chipotle restaurants in the U.S. And in fact, our strong financial position, along with less
competition for high-quality sites as other businesses pull back, is allowing us to build a robust new unit
development pipeline. As a result, we expect to see an acceleration in the number of new units opened in
2021.

In closing, despite uncertainty about the near-term impact of COVID, we're very excited about our future
given the strength of our brand, our talented employees, a solid liquidity position and the resiliency of our
economic model.
And with that, we're happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Tarantino with Baird.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Congratulations on turning the business so quickly. Brian, I have a question about some of the new
customers that you think you've acquired since the start of the pandemic. I was wondering if you could
perhaps give us a sense of how big of a contribution to sales that new customer layer has brought?
And then secondly, I guess what is your tactic or plan to try to keep those folks in the fold as you move
forward?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Yes. Thanks, David. So the bulk of our digital customers that we've gained, as we mentioned in our
comments, a lot of them are new customers to the business. And obviously, since dining rooms have not
reopened, they have yet to experience the business -- or I should say dining has reopened fully, right?
They've yet to experience the business from that access point.

The good news is because so many of these new customers came through our digital business, the bulk
of them also signed up for our rewards program. And so we've created these journeys that are targeted
to new customers, existing customers, whether they're light, medium or heavy. And what we're seeing
already with these journeys is we do have the ability to influence behaviors, whether it's getting another
occasion or getting them to add on to an occasion that they're already doing with us.

So what I would tell you is a lot of the digital growth came from new customers. The thing that's nice
about that is they're in our rewards program, a lot of them. And what we're seeing already is really great
progress on using the data to then influence their behavior going forward.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Got it. Makes sense. And maybe I'll try a slightly different angle, but I think you mentioned your dine-in
business or traffic was down 37% or running down 37%. First, can you clarify, was that for the quarter or
for the -- I guess, the quarter-to-date period in July? And then I guess what, I guess, percentage of that
number do you think is people that maybe you have shifted into the digital channel versus not?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I mean one of the things to keep in mind, David, is our entrées per transaction are significantly up.
So we've not seen -- as you think about our sales performance, we still have kind of the same gap that
we historically have had on, call it, check and the number of entrées, if you use entrées as a transaction
proxy. And so what we're definitely seeing is people are slowly but surely returning to the dining room.
But the bulk of what we're seeing is all the huge gains are in, I would say, more entrées per transaction
coming from our digital business.

So the in-store ordering, obviously, we only have reclaimed about 40% to 50% of that business. And a
lot of the opportunity still will be reclaiming that in-store business as people get more confidence to come
back into the restaurants. But at the same token, what we're seeing is a nice increase on entrées per
transaction order with the digital business. So I think some of the customers that have shifted from in-
store to digital, what we've seen is their tickets have gotten bigger because they're ordering as groups.
So that helps explain why we're down in the dining room because you just don't have the same occasions

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

that you used to have with people driving to work and having that lunch individual occasion. But we are
picking up the entrées, I think, through our digital business is the way to think about it.

So I think we mentioned in the script, right, order-ahead is up like 140%, delivery is up 125%. And then
obviously, as we continue to get the dining rooms operating closer to full capacity, I think we'll continue to
make progress on the transactions that occur in the restaurant as well.

Operator

The next question is from Peter Saleh with BTIG.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the Queso Blanco. I think you guys had indicated that you saw a pretty substantial
high-teens attach mix with that. Can you just talk about what you did differently there and how you can
apply some of those learnings to maybe some of the new products you plan to launch over the course of
the year?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. Well, for starters, the Queso Blanco, I think, was a huge improvement over the prior queso.
And then I think what the team did a really nice job of doing was doing the marketing to those that were
already queso users as well as people that may have tried it in the past but have not purchased it in a
long time. And so I think the team did a great job of using our data to do very targeted marketing. And
then the advertising, I think, that they ran on a more broadscale basis did a nice job of bringing into life
what was different about this queso.

And look, the learnings that we've gotten with using our data to drive attachment, I think is something
we'll be able to use with beverages. We'll continue to use, frankly, with all sorts of programs coming down
the pike. So we feel really good about how Queso Blanco has performed. And I'm also really proud of what
we've learned in how we can use this database to better inform customers what's available and what's
right for them so that we get a better attachment in each ticket.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Very helpful. Just a question on the development going forward, I think in the past, one of the governors
on development and growing faster has been just finding enough people. I think the environment was
such that it was tough to find enough employees. Do you feel like that has changed for you? I know capital
is not an issue. It sounds like real estate is not the issue. So do you have any restraints on finding enough
people to go faster on the development side?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

No. I would say it's 2 things on the people. One was having access to hire the additional people, and then
two was having, I think, the people, culture and capabilities in place that when we brought these people
on, they quickly could be trained and learn the Chipotle way of executing our business.

And I think Scott and our HR leaders, Marissa, and all the folks in the field have done a phenomenal job of
doing a really good job of recruiting the right people. And then when we recruit them, we're able to train
them so that they're ready to go to open a new restaurant or take over a restaurant in the event we need
to move an apprentice or a manager to a new restaurant.

So we're feeling like we've got all the components to really continue to have success with opening new
restaurants, access to really good people, the right people capability and the operating model for these
people to get trained and ready to roll. And then as you mentioned, the returns continue to be really,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

really strong because we're able to have access to really good real estate, and then we've got all the
different access points, whether it's Chipotlane to just a traditional Chipotle.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

All right. Congrats on the quarter.

Operator

The next question is from Katherine Fogertey with Goldman Sachs.

Katherine Irene Fogertey
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. The quesadilla being offered as a digital-only item in test, can you walk through maybe the
learnings of prior stage-gate tests, maybe what you saw with carne asada when you launched it initially
as digital-only, that give you confidence that this digital-only strategy will work? And kind of in that same
vein, are there other items or even other dayparts now that you are committed to kind of digital-only
offerings that might fit well here? Has that expanded or changed the potential for menu innovation going
forward?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes. So one of the things that's been a nice benefit of all the growth in our
digital business is we now have scale. We're doing over $1 million of business off this digital make line,
right? And we've got some restaurants doing well beyond that. And what we have found is we can have
success providing digital-only menu items.

So we started -- we kind of dipped our toe in the water when we did Lifestyle Bowls, and we've kept that
going. And what we've seen early days is people are willing to do the app/digital experience in order
to have access to a quesadilla. And we feel really good about what we've seen in the early days of the
test that we've got going. Obviously, we want to finish the test out. But what I would tell you is the
things we've learned in the stage-gate process was just that, which is a huge improvement over making
a quesadilla on the front line with our new approach. But once we started to get meaningful scale, we
realized we don't even need to put that challenge in front of our operators on the front line because we
can run it through this digital business, and everybody gets a better experience. The team member has a
better experience in the restaurant. The customer gets a better experience from a speed and having the
product ready to go when they show up. And then the product itself, I think you might have heard me talk
about this, with our digital business, you kind of make your reservation for when you're going to get your
quesadilla. I mean it is -- Chipotle's food is really good, and this quesadilla is really good. But when it's
really hot and it's right there when you reserve your time, it's extraordinary.

So we feel like it's hitting on all the marks you would want: better operational experience, better
experience for the customer, arguably better food experience. And then operationally, it plays really well
in our throughput initiative so that folks in the front line can really continue to stay focused on speed, and
then our digital make line is really focused on being on time and accurate.

So we're feeling really bullish. The good news is this does open the door for additional innovation. And
Chris and the team are working through what are things we could be doing that are dedicated to the
digital make line. And you'll see us continue to test those in our stage-gate process while we still do things
like cauliflower rice, which, frankly, are going to be both on the frontline and the digital make line.

So we're feeling very optimistic about what our ability is going to be, to your point, to open kind of that
innovation spectrum using the digital make line, whether it's dayparts or menu, while we can protect the
integrity of our throughput model on that front line.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

The next question is from Nicole Miller with Piper Sandler.

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Could you dig in a little bit to direct and indirect? So I understand digital order-ahead is up 140%,
deliveries up 125%. If you isolate delivery, how able are you to keep the consumers coming directly to
your app? And I imagine, clearly, that changes from month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, but how do you
keep that in balance, please?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. So right now, it's pretty evenly split between marketplace and our own app experience. And the
thing that I think you've seen us done is over time, we can run very targeted efforts within our app into
our rewards customers to incentivize them to stay within our app for that delivery occasion.

The thing we also like about our -- frankly, our delivery app execution is we can control more the variables
on delivery fees as well as menu prices so that we can also incentivize behaviors towards our app as well.
So -- and then obviously, the big differentiator is you continue to get rewards points when you do delivery
through our app versus using a third party.

So we're feeling really good about the growth that we've seen in our white-label business and continues
to be an access point that we're going to continue to drive because it does still appear to be a unique
occasion.

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

That's very helpful. I'll just ask the second and last question. And admittedly, it's as much about Chipotle
as it is trying to understand the consumer behavior at a very high level. When you think about July,
there's many reasons for your rebound. I just want to understand, what would you be willing to tell us
about week-to-week or region to region? So in big restaurant geographies, there's less mobility. I know
California would be the most obvious.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Right.

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I'm very curious to understand if the customer maybe doesn't go back into a dining room, that's
understood. But I'm wondering if that drives them more and more to Chipotlane or a drive-through in
general and more and more to digital.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I mean look, what we've seen, Nicole, is the regions that opened the earliest, I would say we've made
the most gains in comp. And the thing that has been really promising is the digital business has remained
sticky even while we've seen dining room business make a comeback, okay?

And I think we've mentioned this, our Chipotlanes, we just now have 100 of them or just over 100.
We have seen that Chipotlane business stay robust and outperform our system. And I think there is a
consumer behavior where even if they want -- even if they're going into the dining room, they're still
taking it for takeout. They're not sitting down and eating, at least what we're seeing to date. It's come in,
get your food and go for the most part. And digital is still, I think, perceived as even more convenient than
coming in, building it and then going. So I think you're going to continue to see that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

And obviously, California rolled back some of the in-dining room experience, so we quickly pivoted to just
relying more heavily on our order-ahead business, which, fortunately, Chipotle has those access points
where we can pivot depending on what happens state by state, municipality by municipality.

So I'm hoping that we don't have to go backwards before we can go forward on this proposition. But I
think we're positioned nicely to be able to weather whatever way we need to bop in order to get through
the next couple of months.

Operator

The next question is from Sara Senatore with Bernstein.

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I wanted to just follow up on -- ask questions about the delivery, the decision to kind of pull back on
promotions and anything you might be seeing there early on. Just -- is the easiest way to think about it
that now order-ahead is growing 20 percentage points faster than delivery, and that's how we should think
about the elasticity? Or is that not really the full weight of that? And are you seeing those sales shift to
order-ahead? So kind of from your lowest-margin sales to your highest margin. Just any kind of color.

And on that front, the implication is that, that should be helpful for margins. So I was just trying to sort
of square that with Jack's guidance for kind of high teens versus the 20% run rate that we saw when you
were kind of spending heavily behind delivery. So just anything on the top line and then how to think
about the implications for the margin.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So hey, Jack, why don't I start, and then I'll hand it over to you? Does that sound good?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Perfect, yes.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Okay. So obviously, one of the things that occurred as soon as -- if we kind of rewind on the quarter,
right, everything moved to off-premise. And you had a huge just shift to delivery that over time, as we
got people into delivery and into the digital business, they learned about the other access mode of order-
ahead and pickup.

And so what I think people have discovered is, "You know what, from a value proposition standpoint, I can
skip the delivery fee, I can skip some of the waiting if I order ahead." So we've heard from our consumers
as -- if you look at the qualitative side of this, hey, look, the convenience of ordering ahead and picking
up was something they discovered as a result of bringing them into our business through the delivery
channel, which I think is kind of surprising. I don't think people would realize that people would join the
Chipotle digital system because they came in through the delivery occasion, we brought them into the
system, and then we gave them the experience of the order-ahead.

And what's been nice is we've seen that there are occasions where people want the convenience of
delivery because I can't get to a Chipotle, but they also really value the ability to order ahead and go pick
it up because it, frankly, puts them even in more control of the convenience that they want. And look, they
can avoid some fees, right? They don't have to pay delivery fees, service fees or what have you when you
look at whether it's marketplace or white label. And so what we pivoted to now is we did put in the dollar
delivery fee versus being free the whole time. And I do think some people view, is it worth paying the
delivery fee? Or should I go ahead and just hop in my car and pick it up? And luckily for us, we've made it
very convenient for people to make that trade-off.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

With that said, the delivery occasion appears to be a very unique occasion that when people want to do
it, they're willing to pay the delivery fee or the added price associated with delivery. So we see them as
working really well together. But over time, we obviously want to migrate that delivery business to not just
be an acquisition tool but to also be an occasion where we don't mind the trade-off between delivery or
order-ahead over time.

And I think that's what Jack was alluding to in his comments. So Jack, I'll hand it over to you.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes, Sara, so when you look at -- I talked about June being a pretty clean month, our
margin was 20%, I think that gives an idea that when we normalize the P&L, we can bounce back. We're
only 12% during the quarter, but the first couple of months of the quarter had big investments in terms of
free delivery. We did start charging the dollar delivery. So we went from 0 to $1 in June, and that helped
contribute to the higher margin during that period.

There's no question that our margin potential, as we experiment with and we figure out which levers
to pull with between delivery fees and the menu price with delivery, that we think there's more upward
potential with that margin going from 20% and getting back to more like a 22% when we're at a $2.2
million volume.

But we're going to experiment in Q3. So I would call Q3 more of a learning quarter, not a recovery of
the margin quarter. That's why I signaled that Q4 could be the first quarter that we actually see a more
normalization of that -- of our overall margins. So we'll learn in Q3. We'll figure out what to do in Q4. And
then also, Q3 is going to be hit by avocados. We have to do that transition back to Mexican avocados, and
we're looking at potentially higher prices. We're still picking up some of the higher-price beef. Even though
beef has begun to normalize, that's going to hit us as well.

So I just want the expectations in Q3 to be there will be some bounce back from the 12%, but it's
not going to stay at that 20%. And then we're going to -- looking ahead to Q4 and the next year, and
everything that we're seeing, we have confidence that our margin potential is as intact as it's ever been.

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Okay. Great. I just -- if I can ask one housekeeping. You said that there's a 2.7% negative impact to comp
from the Northeast and international. Are we right in thinking the Northeast is about 20% of your stores
and maybe a bit more than that in sales? Is that sort of the order of magnitude?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

It's in -- I would say, Sara, it's in that maybe 15% to 20%. It's 1 of 8 regions. And so it obviously was hit
the hardest. So I'd have to go back and check, 20% might be a little on the high side.

Operator

The next question is from John Glass with Morgan Stanley.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to just go back to delivery as well. How incremental has the -- adding the extra incremental
third-party delivery providers been to comp? How do you measure that? Are they all providing the white-
label delivery service, you're just using the one, DoorDash, for that service and really just relying on the
marketplace?

And Brian, I just want to also make sure I understood. You're saying 50% of sales in June are delivery,
half of -- 50% are digital. Half of that is delivery, so 25% of your sales now is delivery, is that right? And
what would that have compared to, say, pre-COVID?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So let me unpack that. To answer your first question, we use all the major aggregators for the third-
party delivery. We are only using DoorDash for our in-app white-label delivery. And what we have seen is
as we brought on Grubhub and Uber Eats, and we obviously already had Postmates with DoorDash, each
time we brought on people, we have seen incremental customers come into the business for the delivery
channel. Specifically, we're watching this from delivery transactions, and it's pretty consistent. I think
we've heard over and over again and from what we've done our analysis on, there's 20% to 30% overlap
with some of the big players. So we definitely have seen a nice uptick in our delivery business.

Then to answer your question on our digital business, think of the digital business as roughly 50% of
sales, and half of that or a little more than half is order-ahead. And then within that other half that right
now is delivery, think of that as another like, call it, 60-40 split of marketplace and white label is kind of
the way to think about it. So -- and we've seen nice growth, I think, as we highlighted, in both the order-
ahead business and the delivery business.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And then as a follow-up, you talked about the dine-in business being down. How many -- what percentage
of your store base is in urban cores that rely on that lunch business that probably doesn't exist in much
lower fashion? How much headwind is that? And how much therefore could that come back as we go back
to work over the next 6, whatever months?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think, John, I think it's around 150, maybe a few more restaurants where they're in those really, call
it, the dense urban setting. But I think in general, dining rooms will benefit as that lunch occasion comes
back with people going back to work in a more normal pattern versus the heavy skew right now, which is
the work-from-home environment.

Operator

The next question is from Jake Bartlett with SunTrust.

Jake Rowland Bartlett
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Great. My first is to try to -- I want to better understand the performance of stores when they open dining
rooms. How much of an overall lift that is? And then you mentioned that 85% of the stores have dining
room or patio. Can you break that down to tell us what percentage have the dining rooms open just alone
right now?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. So the last part of that is pretty -- 70% are dining rooms, and then there's like 15% that are
patio only, okay?

And then your question on when the dining room opens, what type of lift do we see? It's a gradual build
back. What we have seen to date on average is we've recaptured about 40% to 50% of that dining room
business, but it's a gradual thing. It's like every week goes by, I think consumer psyche starts to build
with the idea of going back into the dining room. Again, the bulk of that is people end up still taking it off-
premise to eat versus actually sitting down in the dining room because remember, even when we have
these dining rooms open, in some cases, we only have 25% of our seats available. So it's very limited
seating to sit in the dining room.

Jake Rowland Bartlett

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And just to understand that better, having such a kind of -- it seems like there's a minimal impact
of people sitting. So what's the big change in terms of the consumer behavior when, when you open up
the dining room, you've already had people able to come in and order by standing in line? So I guess I'm a
little confused as to why it would change the sales so much, yet it doesn't seem like the actual dining in is
very material.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think it has more to do with the consumer psychology of going to restaurants versus doing it all
from home or in your car, okay? Like -- and even -- I think I might have shared this with some of you in
prior meetings, as I've gone into the restaurants and talk to folks that are in the restaurant, a lot of them
are like, "Oh, thank heavens, you guys are open for me to sit down because I'm just tired of eating in my
car, I'm tired of eating at home." There is a consumer psychology to the idea that more things are open,
and therefore, I'm more mobile and I'm out and about. So that's what our research shows. And as you
talk to consumers, that's the feedback we get.

Jake Rowland Bartlett
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then real quick, just on pricing. And I was hoping you could provide what -- I don't think you
have, what traffic and overall check growth was. And we also found some menu pricing recently taken in
markets like California. If you could maybe confirm that and just talk about your strategy for taking menu
price this year. I know in years past, it's been kind of concentrated over a month or 2. Any color on your
strategy for taking price this year?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. So we've been very limited in our pricing because of just, I think, the nature of the consumer
psychology right now. But one thing we have done from a pricing standpoint is we've gotten very strategic
with our partner at Fishbowl. And there are places like California where minimum wage moved, and
accordingly, we did some pricing action to go along with some of the minimum wage movement. So that
might be what you're picking up.

But it's very -- and even that is not market-wide. It's very still strategically executed on a restaurant-
by-restaurant basis. But I think that's what you're referencing, is you probably saw some of the pricing
moves in conjunction with recent minimum wage movement that were pretty significant minimum wage
movements.

Jake Rowland Bartlett
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Great. And then just the traffic and the check?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

We don't break that out. Go ahead, Jack, sorry.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I think Brian alluded to it earlier. The transaction has changed. The group size has changed
significantly both because people have moved to digital and digital is a higher group size. And then even
within the order in the restaurant, the group size has changed. And I think that's because instead of the
person working and going out to lunch, maybe with a group, but they're all paying themselves, now it's
going to the restaurant and then ordering for the family.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

So I think a better way to look at it is when we had the 9.8% negative comp during the quarter, if you
look at just entrées, because an entrée kind of lines up with a person, entrées were down about 15%. And
what that suggests is there's a 5% effective lift in the check. And that would have come from a couple of
points from menu prices. We also saw a bigger incidence of steak. People are buying steak more, and that
is a higher-priced item. And then the attachment with queso. So I think that's the best way to think about
it.

And I think as we go from a negative 10 into a positive comp situation, it's going to be a similar gap where
people are still buying steak more, they're still buying queso, and we still have the small menu price. So
I think you're going to still see a kind of 3%, 4%, 5% gap between our sales and our transaction. But I
think that's probably the best way to think about it.

Operator

The next question is from Andrew Charles with Cowen.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Jack, I have a 2-part question for you. Now that you're at 100 Chipotlane locations, I'm curious what the
early read has been on cannibalization or if you prefer sales transfer relative to what you see typically
when you open a traditional store near an existing store.

And then my follow-up is just now that you have line of sight to development plans through 2021 and
perhaps, at this point, even visibility into 2022 although not finalized, are you able to extrapolate out
or express your desire for what mix of stores Chipotlane will represent when you reach that milestone
5,000th U.S. location?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Andrew, thanks for the question. We're not seeing anything unusual in terms of impact when we open
up a Chipotlane versus another restaurant. I mean you might see the impact that we expect to be a little
higher, a little lower. It might be higher, but the volume is higher. The volume in the Chipotlane is higher.
So nothing unusual or nothing concerning there whatsoever.

We do have internally what we'd like to see over a, call it, a 3- to 5-year period. And it's not ready for
us to disclose yet. But we're looking at individual markets, some of our oldest markets, and looking
at we may not be opening up a lot of restaurants in our Denver, our Kansas City, some of the earliest
markets. But we do have old restaurants there. We can look at relocations and rebuilds. In fact, in my
prepared comments, I mentioned that we did 3 remodels and added a Chipotlane and 3 relocations added
a Chipotlane. And the way I would think about that is we're doing some early tests, call it, running it
through the stage gate to see how these restaurants perform. And as they perform well and the first 6
that we've done have come out of the box with higher sales, we're going to look to add more relocations,
more remodels so that we can bring more Chipotlane, not just through new stores but through these other
approaches as well.

And the good news is, in this environment, our landlords are more willing to work with us to do a remodel.
And if they're not willing to work with us on a remodel, there's a site across the street that we'll take a
look at as well. So we think the opportunity to move more Chipotlane over the next 3 to 5 years is pretty
encouraging.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Jack, I also just have one bookkeeping question. What I have is, can you speak to labor costs that -- you
were 28.2%. The implied labor dollars per store actually declined 90 basis points. It's obviously a very
impressive dynamic when considering the investments that were made in supplementing team member
wages as well as manager bonuses. But can you speak to some of the tailwinds in the quarter to help
better understand what is temporary and what is enduring within that favorable labor expense?
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Well, listen, our labor as a percentage of sales was up, and it was up because we had the assistance
bonus and we have some discretionary bonuses for our managers. But we had some stores that were
closed for a while. We had lower sales. And so the labor hours we will schedule with lower sales is going to
go down, and that might be why you're seeing a just lower absolute number. When you look at just as a
percentage of sales, about 2/3 of the increase as a percentage of sales was from the bonus and assistance
pay. About 1/3 of it is because of deleverage.

Going forward -- and the other piece that's in there, we have some labor efficiencies. Scott and his team
out in the field did a really good job navigating, making sure we had the right number of people show up.
Early on, that was hard to get the stores staffed. Our stores were staffed. They were efficient. When you
see volumes move up and down, it's very hard to staff the store as well, but they did a great job. And I
think part of that is also we expected and we saw some efficiencies with the digital make line as well.

So now in terms of, Andrew, what carries forward, in terms of those efficiencies, some of that depends
on how much of the business stays digital. If 50% of the sales stay digital or somewhere in that ballpark,
let's say even 40%, some of those efficiencies will pass through. Too early to put a number on it yet, but
I think our teams did a great job. And to do an average of $1 million and, in some cases, Brian alluded to
it, $2 million and even greater on that digital make line with far fewer labor just gives us a lot of optimism
about what we can do in terms of sales and what we can do in terms of driving margin as well.

Operator

Next question is from Lauren Silberman with Crédit Suisse.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I wanted to follow up on the commentary regarding the June AUV run rate of $2.2 million and 20%
restaurant margins. The 200 basis point differential from the framework, is it primarily driven by delivery
costs? Or are there any other costs to consider? And then is there any offsetting benefit from a shift to the
more margin-accretive order-ahead occasions?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

The biggest piece is delivery for sure. There is some other pressure. Beef was a little bit of pressure. Our
customers buying more beef was a little pressure. And we're selling fewer drinks. And so drinks are very
accretive to margins, and we're selling fewer of them. So there's other things that were in there. But by
far, the biggest piece, the piece that we can act on is the delivery piece. We know that if delivery stays
at this current level, that the higher delivery fees is going to be a permanent impact on our margins. And
that's why we're going to do some experimentation in Q3.

The other pieces are going to work their way out. We do think that, especially with Tractor Beverages,
we're going to sell more beverages. We suspect that there will be some shift back away from beef to other
menu items. If not, we'll need to understand that a little bit more. But there are a number of things, but
by far, the delivery fees was the biggest piece.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. And then with regards to the loyalty program, now it's 15 million members, one of the fastest, if
not the fastest in restaurant history. What do you think is driving the outsized adoption of Chipotle? Is it
faster than you originally expected? And then just thinking about the composition of the loyalty program
members, what portion is light, medium and heavy users?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Yes. So obviously, the adoption of the rewards program has exceeded our expectations, and it's gone
really well. And obviously, the fact that so many people switch to our delivery and digital business over the
last couple of months really enabled us to get people to engage in the rewards program.

The thing that has been really refreshing is a lot of folks that have joined our rewards program have
been new users or light users. And so we're already using these customer journeys to start influencing
behaviors so that we can have them be a more frequent customer. And I think that's going to prove to
be a nice tailwind for us in the future because I don't think we're done at 15 million. I think 15 million is
going to become 20 million and so on and so forth. And as every day goes by, we learn more and more on
how to use that data to better influence light, medium and heavy users' behavior.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Any color on, I guess, the magnitude of light, medium versus heavy users within the program?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

We haven't broken that out. So what I can tell you is we're really pleased with the mix that we're seeing of
light, medium and heavy users.

Operator

The next question is from Chris Carril with RBC Capital Markets.

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So I wanted to ask about how you're thinking about store formats going forward. So clearly, the current
environment is validating the opportunity with Chipotlanes. But are you rethinking at all any other aspects
of the restaurant perhaps around how much in-restaurant seating is necessary going forward? And do you
think there's an opportunity to drive new restaurant returns even higher by contemplating these, like,
different formats?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Well, what I will definitely tell you is we are testing different formats, whether it's a restaurant that is a
Chipotlane-only to a restaurant that's all order-ahead with the Chipotlane access point. So we're going to
test various formats because our goal is to have a suite of assets that we can then put into a trade area to
maximize Chipotle sales out of that trade area.

So the good news is we're seeing these access points all to be truly viable. And I feel like we've got
terrific flexibility in what we want to build. Whether it's in-line, traditional Chipotles all the way to the
freestanding Chipotlane, we've got a lot of flexibility in between those 2, call it, bookends.

So -- and we're going to continue to experiment with what are the sites we can put Chipotle in. And that
maybe historically, we would have said, no, we can't put a Chipotle there, but now we can because we've
got this different execution and also the scale of our digital business, which supports the additional access
points.

Jack, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

No, I couldn't agree more, Brian. I think this pull forward of the digital business is already allowing us to
look in additional trade areas. And you can flex the investment and you can flex the size and the access
points within the restaurant. And so -- but we're going to be thoughtful, like we've done with anything,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

and take a stage-gate-type approach. So you'll see some different formats come out, and then when they
do well, you'll see more of them.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian
Niccol for any closing remarks.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

All right. Thank you. And thank you, everybody, for taking the time to listen and ask questions. Obviously,
we are very proud of all of our employees, the way that they have managed the business, the way that
they've taken high, high importance on the safety of themselves and their customers. Very fortunate to
be a part of this company and leading this company of so many talented leaders, so many talented people
that are so committed to Chipotle's purpose, and really honored to be where we are with the Chipotle
business.

Obviously, we're very proud of the investments we've made in digital and how that has played out
for us over the last couple of months. I'm very optimistic about how the Chipotle business, with now
the combination of a very robust digital business, combined with great culinary, great speed and just
tremendous value, is going to play out in the future. And we're very optimistic about what the future holds
both for the health and well-being of everybody in this country and then obviously the health and well-
being of Chipotle, both the people that work in it and the business that we're going to lead going forward.

So thank you for taking the time, and look forward to speaking with you all soon. Take care. Bye.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

