Colgate-Palmolive Company NYSE:CL
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, January 29, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.76

0.77

1.32

0.77

3.06

3.06

0.00

3.26

4154.03

4324.00

4.09

4132.32

16311.61

16471.00

0.98

16953.32

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-29-2021 1:22 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.73

0.69

0.70

0.76

0.75

0.74

0.79

0.77

2.74 %

7.25 %

12.86 %

1.32 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John Faucher
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

William Bates Chappell
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. For
opening remarks, I will turn the conference over to the Chief Investor Relations Officer, John Faucher.
Please go ahead, John.

John Faucher
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Thanks, Shannon. Good morning, and welcome to our 2020 fourth quarter and year-end earnings release
conference call. This is John Faucher, Chief Investor Relations Officer.

Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from
these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC,
including our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's
website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these
statements.

This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those
identified in Tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP
financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website.

Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and
Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. I will provide commentary on our Q4 and full year performance as well
as our 2021 guidance, before turning it over to Noel for his thoughts on how we are planning to sustain
our growth momentum into 2021. We will then open it up for Q&A. [Operator Instructions]

We finished 2020 in a very strong fashion with our highest level of quarterly organic sales growth in over
10 years and our highest annual organic sales growth since the depths of the financial crisis. Importantly,
we continue to deliver balanced growth, which we think is the key to sustainable strong performance. For
both the quarter and the year, we delivered both volume and pricing growth; organic growth in all 4 of
our categories: Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition; and organic sales growth in every
division, with both emerging markets and developed markets performing well. Our strategy to deliver
more impactful premium innovation is still in its early stages, but we believe the results are beginning to
show.

Importantly, this growth is driving our income statement. We delivered strong gross margin expansion
for both the quarter and the year, which allowed us to deliver profitable growth despite significant
investments for future growth and the headwinds from foreign exchange. Our net sales grew 7.5% in the
quarter. Organic sales growth of 8.5% was driven by 5% organic volume growth and a 3.5% increase in
pricing.

The impact of acquisitions added an additional 100 basis points to volume growth, while foreign exchange
was a 2% headwind. In the fourth quarter, our gross profit margin was 61.1% on both a GAAP basis,
where we were up 100 basis points year-over-year, and a base business basis, where we were up 90 basis
points.

For the fourth quarter, pricing was 130 basis points favorable to gross margin, while raw materials were
a 320 basis point headwind, driven by increases in the cost of raw materials like fats and oils and the
transactional impact from foreign exchange. Productivity was a 280 basis point benefit.

On a GAAP basis, our SG&A was up 260 basis points as a percent to sales for the fourth quarter and 100
basis points for the full year. On a base business basis, in the fourth quarter, our SG&A was up 310 basis
points on a percent to sales basis. This was primarily driven by a 210 basis point increase in advertising
to sales as we drove strong activation on brand building, innovation and e-commerce. Our SG&A ratio

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

was also impacted by increased logistics costs, primarily in the U.S. and investments behind growth in
innovation.

For the full year, on a base business basis, our SG&A ratio was up 150 basis points, driven primarily by a
100 basis point increase in advertising to sales and increased logistics costs. For the fourth quarter, on a
GAAP basis, our operating profit was up 4% year-over-year, while it was up 3% on a base business basis.
Our EPS was flat on a GAAP basis and up 5% on a base business basis.

For the full year, our EPS growth was 14% on a GAAP basis and 8% on a base business basis. We
delivered 18% growth in free cash flow for the full year. As we discussed at the beginning of 2020, we
used some of the free cash flow to pay down debt primarily related to the Florida transaction, with the
balance used for dividends and share repurchases.

A few comments on our divisional performance. North America delivered 10% net sales and 8.5% organic
sales growth in the quarter, driven by premium innovation and increased consumption in categories
impacted by the COVID pandemic. We also benefited from a rebound in performance by our Skin Health
businesses in the quarter. Our e-commerce business in North America finished the year strongly, with
sales in the fourth quarter more than double last year's sales. North America saw significant increases
in brand support behind the hum by Colgate electric brush, the Colgate Optic White Overnight Teeth
Whitening Pen, our Toothpaste business and Irish Spring.

Latin America net sales were down low single digits, as double-digit organic sales growth was more than
offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange. The strong organic sales growth performance was
broad-based as we delivered organic sales growth in every hub for both the quarter and the year. Oral
Care innovation has been a key growth driver, with Colgate Total Tartar Control, Luminous White Charcoal
and our natural extracts line, all driving incremental growth.

Europe delivered double-digit net sales growth in the quarter. Organic sales growth of 4.5% was driven by
volume growth across all 3 segments: Oral Care, Personal Care and Home Care; and in every hub. Strong
Oral Care volume growth on the Colgate and Almex brands was accompanied by significant brand-building
investment in traditional media and digital. We were also encouraged by a return to organic growth for
Filorga, where strong China growth more than offset weakness in the travel retail channel.

We delivered 7% net sales and 5% organic sales growth in Asia Pacific, led by volume growth across our
biggest hubs: Greater China, India, the Philippines and South Pacific. In India and China, our growth
strategies are driving improved toothpaste performance through Colgate Miracle Repair in China, Colgate
[ Bed Shocking ] in India and our relaunched Colgate Anti-cavity business across the division. Our
Personal Care and Home Care businesses also benefited from COVID-related demand in the South Pacific
region.

Africa/Eurasia net sales declined 1.5% due to significant foreign exchange headwinds as the division
delivered organic sales growth across all 3 categories and in every hub. Toothpaste organic sales growth
was led by Colgate Herbal, Colgate Max Fresh and Colgate Total. Marinol also delivered strong growth as
we look to gain share in the pharmacy channel.

Hill's finished the year with another quarter of strong net sales and organic sales growth despite continued
difficult comparisons. Organic sales growth was again led by the U.S. with e-commerce up significantly,
but Europe also delivered double-digit growth. Encouragingly, we are seeing a reacceleration in our
Prescription Diet business as that channel traffic continues to improve.

And now for guidance. We expect organic sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long-term target range.
Using current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a low single-digit benefit for the year although
we expect currencies to remain volatile. We expect net sales to be up 4% to 7%.

We expect our gross profit margin to be up year-over-year in 2021, despite difficult comparisons given our
performance in 2020, increases in raw materials and the continuing uncertainty associated with COVID.
Advertising is also expected to be up on a percent of sales basis, although less so than in 2020. Our tax
rate is expected to be between 23.5% to 24.5% on both a GAAP and base business basis. We point out

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

that our guidance range does not account for any changes in U.S. corporate tax rates given the recent
change in administration.

On a GAAP basis, we expect earnings per share growth in the low to mid-single digits. On a base
business basis, we expect earnings per share growth in the mid- to high single digits. Obviously, this is
a wider range than what we normally provide, which we think is prudent given what we consider to be a
heightened level of uncertainty as we plan out the year.

There are several factors that could impact where we fall within this wider range. First, COVID-related
consumption. In the categories where consumption has risen during the pandemic, primarily liquid hand
soap, dish soap and cleaners, we are expecting lower rates of growth or even declines year-over-year in
2021 depending on the market.

However, we expect overall consumption in these categories to remain elevated versus 2019 levels. Also,
particularly in emerging markets, movements in foreign exchange could impact our ability to take pricing.
We are optimistic about our pricing plans for 2021 and believe they are appropriate given recent raw
material trends, the competitive environment and foreign exchange.

Raw materials. We have budgeted for increased raw material costs, but we do highlight that many raw
material prices are accelerating faster than anticipated. If this continues, it could put pressure on gross
margin expansion, depending on our ability to take pricing or drive additional productivity.

Finally, logistics. We have seen a further rise in logistics costs over the past few quarters, particularly in
the U.S., but also related to shipping containers in Asia. We expect these costs to remain elevated in the
near term, but to moderate later in the year.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Noel.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Like me, I hope you and your families are safe and healthy,
and you share some sense of optimism that we can return to a more normal existence over the course of
this year. I want to welcome Stan Sutula to the first Colgate-Palmolive earnings call. Stan joined us back
in November, as we announced. And obviously we're deeply excited to have him here. He's hit the ground
running already.

As I reflected on 2020, I'm so proud of the Colgate people around the world and what they've
accomplished. Our first quarter call, I discussed 3 topics related to how we plan to manage through
the crisis. These 3 topics were: staying true to our values and purpose and helping us navigate a very
difficult environment, adapting our strategies were necessary and executing with agility; and importantly,
managing through the crisis with an eye towards the future.

On the first topic, we've implemented programs to keep our employees safe and healthy while keeping our
supply chain and our laboratories up and running and delivering record output from our facilities and our
R&D organization. Nothing is more important than the safety and health of Colgate people, and we will
continue in 2021 to keep them as our first priority.

We worked with the World Health Organization this year and local hospitals to distribute free health and
hygiene products to people all over the world to help stop the spread of COVID and enable people to live
healthier lives, programs that Colgate people are deeply proud of.

In the second area, we continue to execute on our growth mindset strategy to drive sustainable, profitable
growth through more impactful premium innovation, which you'll hear more about at CAGNY; increasing
our brand building, globally; and executing against our digital transformation.

And as John laid out, we did this all while delivering strong and balanced growth in organic net sales, net
sales, operating profit, earnings per share and free cash flow. We're were able to achieve those results
despite many operating challenges we confronted and a sizable negative impact from foreign exchange.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

But most importantly, while we've been delivering on 2020 results, we have been very focused on
positioning ourselves for growth in 2021 and beyond by taking advantage of our momentum, and that was
the third topic, managing through this crisis with an eye towards the future.

So now I'll provide some thoughts on why I believe what we did last year leaves us well positioned to
continue our growth journey in 2021 and beyond. There are 3 reasons.

The first is that as an organization, we have truly changed how we think about growth. As a company with
leading brands, we have to be focused on driving category growth, and we can drive this growth in many
ways. Of course, we can increase the number of people buying our products. We can increase the price
that people are willing to pay for our products, and we can increase the frequency of how often people use
our products. So we have strengthened existing tools and importantly built new capabilities to drive this
growth.

For example, on Hill's, we're reaching a much larger group of consumers through increased advertising
to broaden our reach and improving our digital targeting so we can raise brand awareness and household
penetration on what is truly a differentiated brand. Think about this as finding the right person with the
right message at the right time. It's not just spending more but spending smarter.

In Latin America, we have used revenue growth management tools to drive value with price/mix
improvement in a very difficult operating environment. For instance, our share of the premium segment
in toothpaste in Brazil has expanded by 3 points in the last 2 years, all driven by tactful and strategic
revenue growth management.

As I discussed at the Barclays Conference, we have disrupted our innovation processes to focus on
breakthrough and transformational innovation, which will enable us to increase the frequency of how
people use our products and purchase our products. Superior performance, new forms, delivery systems
and innovation for new channels all allow us to expand our availability to the consumer so they can choose
our products more frequently. And given the Colgate brand has the highest household penetration of any
consumer brand in the world, we have a unique ability to leverage our presence into faster growth.

The second reason is that we're developing a balanced view of how we deliver profitable growth. We know
that in order to deliver a TSR that is in the top tier of our peer group, we can't just grow the top line. We
need to deliver profitable growth. You can see this in our 2020 results, where we delivered 8% earnings
per share growth despite negative foreign exchange, while increasing brand building and investing in
capabilities across the entire organization.

We're doing this by pulling on all the levers, premium innovation, revenue growth management, funding
the growth, discipline on overheads and laser-focused on all cost elements throughout the income
statement. Looking forward, we have to do more than offset the expected increases in raw material
costs and logistics and in other areas so that we can continue to invest in this -- in the transformational
capabilities that were deployed, and that we'll rely on pairing growth and productivity more effectively.

The third reason is we're making the necessary transformation to our culture to unleash the true potential
of Colgate people. As anyone who has come here from the outside can tell you, the desire of Colgate
people to win is unmatched. In 2020, we took several steps to accelerate the rate of change to build an
organization for future growth.

To that end, we made real progress on e-commerce where we have brought in more external talent while
upskilling existing talent across the enterprise; launched more online specific innovation like the Optic
White Pen, the Miracle Repair serum; and invested broadly behind enhanced digital capabilities. And
all of this paid off in more than 50% online growth in the fourth quarter, and we'll exit the year with e-
commerce at a double-digit run rate as a percentage of total sales.

And lastly, it's building out the right team. You need to provide the right tools to them the right technology
to digitally transform the organization. We continue to invest in systems to enable this transformation.
Like our transition to SAP S/4HANA, it's giving us better system speed, far better reporting, streamlined
processes and simplified transactions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

We've developed our cloud capabilities, which is giving us far more agility, speed and capability building
our ability now to develop applications much faster and realize the value of those applications much faster.
And with our partners, building support for our data and our analytics journey ahead.

We also recently rolled out a new global system with our Colgate Business Planning process. You will
remember that was called CBP, that will significantly reduce the process time require while providing
greater opportunity for our teams to do analytics, particularly in the commercial area and particularly
around revenue growth management.

So to sum it up, while I look back at 2020 as a year where our company battled through uncertainty
to deliver really strong results, I will also look back at a year where we elevated our performance and
capabilities and positioned ourselves to deliver sustainable, profitable growth into the future.
And with that, I'll be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan
Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So you -- you've been able to realize some pretty significant pricing in the last few quarters of 2020. You
mentioned optimism on pricing for 2021, also mentioned the rising raw material environment, clearly.
So just wanted to understand the balance between pricing and volume in your 3% to 5% organic sales
growth outlook. How much pricing you're assuming? And perhaps you can touch on your ability to take
further pricing in emerging markets in a weaker dollar environment, and given the state of the consumer.
And then in the U.S., the promotional environment also relative to 2020. And the gist of the question
is sort of, yes, look, it's a robust organic sales growth outlook relative to last year. So just trying to
understand what gives you confidence versus a tough comparison and how pricing plays into that.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Dara. Let me come back again, I guess, overarching in terms of strategy for us because
it plays into obviously, our ability to deliver sustained profitable growth, which is a balance between
volume and price. And obviously you can look at the details with volume and price across all divisions and
categories. It certainly suggests that the underlying momentum and strategy seem to be working. But let
me come back and reiterate some of the focus areas that have built that momentum this year.

Obviously the refocus and orientation around premium innovation, just aside from recovering some of the
transactional elements that move through foreign exchange, we've been very focused on getting premium
innovation in the market. We've been very focused on delivering revenue growth management discipline
and teaching our commercial teams to execute that differently.

We've addressed adjacencies in certain markets, which tend to give us more margin and value in the
categories as well. We've talked about our core strategy, which likewise in some of our big businesses
around the world, great superior technology going into the market, allowing us to take more value as we
move up. And obviously the discipline that we've historically had around just taking pricing to recover
foreign exchange transaction. And you've seen that, particularly in the back half of this year. And so we'll
have good flow-through of that as we see an environment that you talked about with increasing raw
material prices, particularly over the last couple of months.

So again, it's our ability to deliver balanced growth, getting the pricing where we need to, but making sure
that the innovation is there to continue to drive both volume and price. And we see it both in emerging as
well as developed markets across the board.

Relative to your question on the promotional environment. Certainly, we've seen a slightly more benign
promotional environment through the year. Obviously, we had some low points. But if you take the back
half, just as an example, in Toothpaste, we're looking now at running -- the category's running at about
28% to sales on promotion.

Pre-COVID, it was running 31%, 32%. So it's back to where it was kind of previously. And my sense is
there's discipline in the market. We'll see what happens post-COVID as consumers move back in the
stores and foot traffic increases and retailers decide to dial up the promotion piece. But right now, it's
more disciplined. And we'll continue to manage that going forward. But again, I think it comes back to
the core strategies of innovation, how we're thinking about premium, core and adjacencies. And then the
other piece of this is a lot of good work around revenue growth management across the world. That's
allowing us to get better balance and better quality pricing in the marketplace.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Sorry, just making sure, and I apologize for the problem. I was just -- my question is more on shipment
against consumption. So if you look at the fourth quarter and how it flows through in the first and perhaps
the second quarter, I understand what some of the -- when we look at Nielsen, especially in the U.S., we
can't basically see how shipment against consumption is being in pet food and all the other categories. So
as we look in into 2021, how we should be thinking as you see your outlook for volumes?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. 2 aspects there. I think behind the question is kind of where our inventories relative to the trade and
consumers. Certainly, following the pantry load that we saw in the first quarter, we saw those inventories
come out in the subsequent quarters, second, third and in the fourth. And trade inventories obviously, I
think, are well in line. A little discontinuity in the fourth quarter and into January. I think as the retailers
came out of the Christmas season, they overloaded in some commodity categories, and they're looking to
balance it across the board.

But by and large, we're where we wanted to be. The replenishment of some of the high-demand
categories is basically there, and we think we're in a good place relative to where we stand. We still have
some opportunities in categories like the liquid hand soap and dish, given the heightened demand. But
overall, inventories are not in a place that has any concern to us.

I think what's interesting -- another point behind your question is obviously that our consumption or our
shipments are running ahead of some of the market share trends we see around the world. And that,
again, comes back to the point that we've talked about before that our focus has been in driving top line
organic growth, getting to where consumers are shopping.

And the high growth that we've seen obviously in e-commerce and other channels that are nontracked is
obviously in our shipment numbers and not necessarily reflected in the consumption numbers, given that
the nontracked are growing at a significant multiple to the track channels today.

So by and large, I think the strategies of continuing to drive balanced top line growth across the growing
channels is certainly delivering the acceleration that you've seen in the back half of this year, which has
obviously been underpinned by strong advertising support and brand building.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

No. I wanted to ask you a question about self-diagnostics and self-care. I mean these are increasing
trends, especially as the population ages, COVID has put kind of a highlight on that. And so I just wanted
to get a sense kind of how -- given Colgate's credentials and science and a strong brand name, is this
an area that you think you can kind of explore and create a new pillar of growth? And then just kind of
piggybacking off of that, how would you do that? Would it be through M&A? Or could you do it through
organic means?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Interesting question, Nik. I mean, strategically, when you start looking at some of the behavior
changes that we've seen in categories like oral health and skin health. Let me start with oral health, where
we obviously have a very strong relationship with the professional community and understanding how

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

they've begun to embrace telehealth. And what's interesting is go back 2 years, and telehealth was very
much nonexistent.

And obviously COVID has accelerated trends necessary. And the ability to look at monitoring systems
and how those relationships between the dental practitioners and consumers are elevated is a space
that we think very, very interesting. Let's take the new product that we've launched online this year, the
hum electric toothbrush, which gives you diagnostics live through a consumer app on exactly how you're
brushing your teeth and areas of improvement.

And we see that as an ongoing trend relative to connecting and building education at home. And you can
start to piece it together, long-term, how you then connect that with the profession in terms of a fully
integrated end-to-end process.

Likewise, in skin health, the same thing. We're starting to see obviously telehealth expand there. We're
seeing do-it-yourself procedures being done more at home. The consumers are much more open to taking
part in things like skin peel as an example, where we've launched a new entry-level skin peel through
PCA that we -- that allows us to do more do it at home at -- versus having to come to the derm office.
Obviously for the more sophisticated procedures, we continue to partner with consumers to get them into
the professional to do that.

So there's certainly a trend there. We've got people working on that and an opportunity to continue to
elevate our partnerships and obviously bring new growth opportunities to the business as we think about
connecting both the profession with the consumer with integrated devices.

Operator

And our next question will come from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Want to just get a little bit more detail into the key puts and takes to get to the 3% to 5% organic sales
target. Obviously volume versus pricing contribution to the top line given that promotion should continue
to normalize, and obviously FX turning to a contribution. And then just a little bit of a view in terms of
growth by product segment, Oral Care versus Personal Care and Home Care and Hill's. I'm just trying to
get a better sense of your level of visibility and where the flex points might be given how much the current
environment's evolving.

And then as you think about what spending is already in the base, particularly for SG&A versus what
you're planning for 2021, where do you think the areas are for potential upside and downside?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

So let's talk a little bit more on the categories. Obviously, the uncertainty we have in the categories is
exactly when the -- you'll see the categories normalize relative to some of the accelerated consumption
you've seen, particularly in COVID-related categories like liquid hand soap, like dish liquid.

And our assumptions and plans as we built the 2021 budget, where that we would see those begin to
normalize in the back half of 2021, albeit at a lower level than we saw growth rates versus 2020, but
slightly above the, '19 level. So we still expect that we'll see some opportunities for growth in the first half
and then normalizing more in the back half versus '19.

So that's -- but again, it depends very much, Olivia, on where you are in the world. As you probably
well know, the COVID growth in consumption has been very much driven by the developed markets,
particularly North America, to a certain extent, some markets in Europe, which had some pantry loading in
the first quarter, and Australia.

You have not seen that in emerging markets. In fact, if you take Africa, to a certain extent, Asia, the
Middle East, you've seen categories, quite frankly, languish and not nearly as robust as you've seen in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

the emerging markets, which I think makes our emerging market growth particularly pleasing given the
balance that we've seen both in price and volume across our big emerging markets and the growth that's
come behind that, which has been terrific.

So again, balanced growth through the first half of the year, we'll see things normalize, and that's built
into the current consensus as we -- as John laid out.

In terms of advertising. Again, strategic for us this year. We talked about it from the first quarter on that
we were going to invest behind the brands. The increased momentum that we've seen in the business
has allowed us to broaden our spending across more categories, but particularly focused on where
we're seeing significant growth in the category. So let's take the Hill's business, which constituted a big
percentage of the advertising increase on the year-end in the fourth quarter.

And you've obviously seen the continued very strong performance on that business. And that's a business
with a more or less 10% awareness and low brand penetration. So the runway ahead of that business, we
believe, continues to be very strong, and we will continue to obviously put the investment where we're
getting the return on that.

And likewise, in the North America business, we obviously put more money into some of the premium
innovations that we've launched in the back half, the Whitening Pen, the Super Premium Optic White
Renewal Toothpaste, some of the work that we're doing on hum online and being much more targeted in
that space.

So again, the advertising has been very focused, broad in the sense of allowing us to go after certain
categories around the world that we had not been supporting where we saw some good opportunities,
particularly in adjacencies. So we're quite pleased with our ability strategically to get more investment
behind the brands given the health of the P&L.

Operator

And our next question will come from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Congratulations on the strong results this year. Noel, I want to spend some time on your emerging
markets business, so specifically around category growth and market share momentum and then kind of
tie that into your outlook for the year. So obviously really strong performance, and that's been part of the
story here, driving the solid results in the back half of the year. Pricing has remained a strong contributor.
Everyone kind of understands that with respect to inflation and FX headwinds that the company has been
coping with. But I think what's noteworthy is that volume has been quite resilient in the back half of the
year, in a way that it wasn't, even despite the fact you're lapping tougher year-over-year comparisons.
So I was hoping you could spend a moment, is this sort of the rising tide is raising all boats? Have you
observed an acceleration in your categories, perhaps owing to increased consumer mobility related to the
pandemic? Or are you seeing very tangible signs of encouraging market share momentum, owing to some
of the strategic shifts in spending and investment that you discussed earlier in the call? And if you could
just sort of tie that. And also at a high level, what is the company embedding in its 2021 outlook related to
emerging markets?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. A lot packed in that question. Let me try to get to emerging categories. What's particularly pleasing
on our performance this year is that, as I mentioned to Olivia, we've seen a slowdown in some of the
categories in emerging markets this year, relative to the comparison on developed. And a lot of the good
volume growth we've driven in those markets is, again, comes back to the strategy, more premium
innovation where we are underindexed.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

You heard me mention Brazil, where we've increased 3 points in super-premium toothpaste. ASPs are up
about 12% in all quality growth in the Brazilian market. Now we've given up a little bit of share at the
low end of the price points where we've seen some of our competitors driving a lot of volume at low price
points. But the quality of our share and the profitability of our share if that market is far better than it was
given the focus on premium innovation.

The other point that's driving good volume growth in emerging markets again is our core, focusing on
core in Asia, a big part of our toothpaste business in those markets where we've seen obviously a sluggish
market growth. Our shipments ahead of consumption, which is, I think, a track channel issue. Again,
driven by good core innovation, taking pricing, bringing superior value to the consumer and leveraging
some big parts of our business across a couple of markets.

And the third would be the adjacency strategy that we've had in emerging markets, whether that's in
Africa, whether that's in Latin America, looking at adjacencies that we can get good margin accretion and
to have high growth rates. Skin and facial products in Latin America as an example behind our Protex
brand have performed very, very well, particularly in markets like Brazil. So again, the strategies that
we've been deploying across innovation, particularly core premium and adjacencies that played out.

The other piece of this is while depending on where you are, the emerging growth of e-commerce has
been quite important for us, both in developing markets as well as the developed markets. If you take
the growth that we've seen in emerging, e-commerce is still a low percentage of the total ACV in Latin
America and in Africa. Obviously in Asia, the inverse.

It's a significant growth in the category right now, and we've had terrific performance across our Asian
business, particularly in China, behind some of the unique innovation that we put in the market. We'll see
how e-commerce continues to perform as foot traffic increases. But if you take the China piece specifically,
where we've been very focused on driving our online and digital capabilities, we've seen our market shares
in e-commerce grow nicely in 2020 based on the strategies that we've been deploying.

So overall, I think we've been looking at the channel growth in the right way. We've been looking at the
portfolio strategy from an innovation standpoint in the right way. Now as COVID gets behind us, you would
hope that we'll start to see a reacceleration of the categories in emerging markets in the back half of
2021. And obviously they've been a little bit sluggish given, I think, some of the issues with the mobility
in those markets and the significant increase in the virus, particularly in markets like Latin America and in
certain markets of Africa. So the belief is that in the back half, we'll see that start to stabilize and we'll see
markets return, which will give us obviously an increased opportunity to continue to drive volume.

Operator

And our next question will come from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

My question actually had to do with India because I saw the numbers that came out of that division
yesterday. And it -- obviously the exception that we actually get to see numbers for a specific country for
you. And I know it's small, but the thing that struck me was top line growth was good but not great, but
margin expansion was huge, off the charts. And gross margin, I think, in India is now north of 70%. And
I just wanted to ask about it in the context, Noel, of your focus on balanced growth. And again, India is
a small market, but when I think about kind of some of your other big emerging market businesses, that
should be faster growers over the long term, I think, to help you meet your long-term growth algorithm.
At what point do you say, "Wow, a 70% gross margin in an emerging market businesses is too high." Are
there other countries where margins have really been exploding like that? It just struck me as kind of
a surprise in the numbers, and I wondered if there was something more to it in terms of how you think
about balancing top line versus bottom line growth kind of over the longer term.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Yes. Thanks, Wendy. Listen, India is a very important market for us. We were very pleased with the
rebound in the growth that we saw in the back half of 2020, given some of the COVID issues experienced
in the first quarter leading to lockdowns at the back end of that quarter and into the second quarter,
generating 7% organic in the third and just shy of 10% organic in the fourth, we think, is a terrific
performance.

Again, coming back to the strategy. India is very focused, likewise, given the strong Oral Care business
we have on premiumizing that marketplace. And we've launched premium SKUs in the Vedshakti, which is
our new Naturals position. We continue to improve on the learning we're seeing coming out of the Naturals
segment, which is an important growth opportunity for us.

We've launched new adjacencies, new pulling oil mouth sprays in the market with antibacterial benefits,
which have been terrific. So we're looking at ways to continue to premiumize that business and move
pricing up at the same time, which you've seen.

I talked about it just earlier, the core renovations that we've had. A big part of the India business is
their core anti-cavity business, and we've had a significant relaunch underway for the better part of the
year now on the core anti-cavity business, which allowed us to get pricing up as well as drive significant
superiority into that product, in terms of a consumer benefit.

And the third would be the revenue growth management aspects that we're starting to deploy with a lot
more discipline and learning. And we've got more work to do certainly in emerging markets, but we've
seen great response from the teams getting behind opportunities to look at our promotional spend,
specifically price-size architecture and looking for opportunities to drive more margin into the business. So
overall, I think that the focus there is good top line growth. You've seen it in the organic. And strategically,
we think we've got some opportunities to continue to accelerate there. The comparisons get a little bit
easier in the first half or obviously had difficult comps more in the back half given what I just stated. But
we think the strategy is working and the investment that we're putting into that market, as you saw from
the release yesterday, is delivering.

Operator

And our next question will come from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I think you mentioned that your Toothpaste is running maybe 300, 400 basis points below historicals
from a promotional standpoint. You're probably seeing even lower promotional levels in Home Care
categories. And I guess -- and maybe I'm reading too much into it, but it sounded to me like you think
that these lower promo levels can potentially hold going into 2021 and maybe even beyond. So I guess
just maybe for 2021, but also just higher level, did you learn something in 2020 about how much
promotion is actually needed to drive growth in your categories? And do you think that these lower levels
of promotion can potentially sustain longer term?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thank you. Again, based on how retailers are looking and how we're partnering with retailers to grow
category growth, I mean, we're looking to optimize category value, and we have a lot more time to spend
analyzing how promotion effectiveness is delivering that. Certainly, as foot traffic has come down, some of
the retailers haven't pushed more aggressive promotions. But as I mentioned, the promotional levels are
slightly below where they were historically, 3 points. And my sense is post-COVID, you might see those
return to normalization back to the levels that we had historically. But that will be determined.

This is an emerging market issue more than anything. And the developing -- excuse me, developed
market issue. In the developing part of the world or in emerging markets, we haven't seen substantive
changes there relative to what we've seen historically. So I think what retailers and both manufacturers
are looking for how do we continue to drive growth in the categories. Everyone is recognizing that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

innovation is the catalyst to do that. And obviously as things have normalized more around COVID and the
demand issues in some of those categories, they're looking to get back to strategic growth opportunities
longer term.

And that's where the innovation comes into play, and we'll continue to bring that to them. So we're being
disciplined on it. The revenue growth management is having some impact on that, obviously, where we're
starting to pull away from promotions that don't deliver quality into the category, deliver quality into the
P&L for us or our retailers. And you've seen some of that obviously in that number that I mentioned. But
by and large, we'll probably see things normalize in the back half of the year. We've planned for that. But
again, our focus right now is on bringing real value to the categories through premium innovation and
relaunching our core businesses in certain parts of the world, which drives real value to the category.

Operator

And our next question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Welcome, Stan. At the risk of being chastised by Mr. Faucher later today, I'm going to try to sneak in 2
quick questions, one tactical and one bigger picture. First, on tactical. You mentioned a December retail
load. You mentioned the comps so -- it was [ to the ] first quarter of pantry stock and expectation of a
bit more back half-weighted EM growth story. Should we be braced for a more sluggish start to the year?
That's the tactical question. And bigger picture, e-com growth, you talked about it a few times. Can you
quantify what it is as a percentage of your sales today? How it compares to where you were before? And
how, if at all, you're reimagining your marketing and media approach in the wake of the shift?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. I think the tactical question is where do we see categories evolving first half versus second half
2021. And I think you're going to see -- obviously we saw some of the sluggishness in December in the
categories. You've heard that from others who have announced. And that's, quite frankly, not unexpected.

I mean I think when you see the ongoing way of unemployment, the delays in stimulus but more
importantly, moving into the holiday season. And again, I'm talking U.S. here, moving into the holiday
season, people obviously prioritizing their consumption against other necessities at that time.

January, the categories have started to come back slightly. But so we're not terribly concerned. The
behavior changes that we've seen in the categories, whether it's liquid hand soap, or dish liquid cleaners,
I think, are there to stay for a while, Jason. We'll see those at least -- from a liquid hand standpoint,
stay there for the medium, long term. Obviously as people move back into offices and move away from
home, you'll see the impact on dish liquids and APCs. But remember, those 3 categories aren't a significant
percentage of our overall sales. So we'll see the categories, I think, sustain higher levels in 2019, probably
slightly lower than '20 as we stated in the first half and then normalize in the back half.

Coming to e-commerce. Again, a very deliberate focus for us. As I mentioned in my comments, one,
bringing in talent from the outside, training and developing our commercial organization to understand
how to execute a lot more flawlessly in e-commerce. And it requires a lot more effort to do that. And
the sophistication of dealing effectively in e-commerce is very different. And as if you look at the
sophistication that we brought to the indirect trade over the last 15 to 20 years, it's that same level of
focus that we're bringing to the online world now, both from a digital standpoint and from an e-commerce
standpoint.

The growth was over 50% in the fourth quarter. Obviously as John mentioned, we exited the year with e-
commerce at a double-digit percentage of our total sales in the company. And you've seen strategically in
the key markets where we have focused and where e-commerce has become more prevalent, i.e. China,
the U.S. and Hill's. You've seen us obviously driving share, getting the right innovation into that channel,
understanding the analytics and learning from that and building on that momentum.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

So we see that as a continued growth opportunity, but we're going to be where consumers are shopping.
And we'll see those shifts as we go throughout the year. But the important part for us is that our share is
still slightly below our general market share in e-commerce where we get share, which is not very many
places. So we'd know direction, and we still have more upside growth to be had there.

Operator

And our next question will come from Bill Chappell with Truist Securities.

William Bates Chappell
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

If you look back at 2020, just trying to understand, especially for the pet business and -- or for Hill's as
well as the total business, kind of what type of comparison do you think -- I mean, in terms of -- it seems
like on the Oral Care, any stockpiling that was done in March and April was kind of de-loaded in the later
months. And so on a full year basis, the comps aren't really that different. Is that fair? And then on pet,
I don't have a good idea just because vet centers were closed. So didn't know if you felt like the business
ran at full capacity throughout the year at f5% capacity. Just trying to understand, as we're looking at the
growth for 2021, what comps you really see?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Let me take the Toothpaste one first. As I mentioned, broadly, the categories were sluggish in
the first half, started to come back a little bit in the back half of the year. And as we accelerated our
innovation pace and our advertising, we saw, obviously, our shipments accelerate in the back half on Oral
Care, particularly in Toothpaste -- and Toothpaste. So as we look to comp that next year, we'll see how
the behavior come -- transpires in the first half of this year. The key is we've got strong innovation, as I
mentioned, both coming out of 2020 as well as a first half innovation pipeline that we think is good. So
we'll see what happens.

But again, the message here is that understanding the behavior shifts is obviously extraordinarily difficult
and very different from market to market around the world. Obviously, the U.S., being an important part
of our toothpaste business, we've seen sluggishness there; strong pipeline, as you talked about, Pantry
in Q1, but we saw that come out, and we're starting to see a more balanced approach and more normal
approach in terms of consumption moving forward. But our focus is to accelerate that category with the
innovation that we're bringing.

Hill's, obviously the comps were difficult last year. We comped those with strong growth this year. So if I
come back to the Hill's strategy, again, it's about how do we continue to deliver solid category growth for
our partners. And we're doing that with obviously the premiumization of the category. We're bringing great
new products into the segment. We were pleased to see the Prescription Diet business start to come back,
which I think is a representative of a couple of aspects on that business, which is one, we're seeing people
return back to veterinarians and the Prescription Diet business benefiting from that. Our Hill's to Home
initiative has certainly helped that. Obviously the balanced growth we're seeing across geographies, more
so than just the U.S., which has been terrific, a strong performance in Europe this year, again, both on the
base business as well as Prescription Diet. So we see that obviously moving forward into 2021.

The comps are difficult, to be sure. But again, remember, this is a business with really low brand
awareness and low brand penetration and a great, great product offering. So as we get the balance right
in terms of our digital spending, focused on those growth opportunities that we see and the innovation
that we're bringing both in the prescription on the Science Diet side, we see, obviously, the ability to
continue to lap those comparisons that we've had this year. And the category continues to be strong at
between 3% and 5% growth depending on where you are in the world. And obviously, the new channels
that we're experiencing growth, specifically e-commerce, continued to deliver on that.

So again, I think the right level of premiumization, the right channel focus, the right focus on continuing
to invest in a business, which you'll see in 2021 to drive brand awareness and bringing science-based

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

nutrition to the category, which I think is positioned well based on how consumers are behaving. So our
comps are tough, and we realize that, but we think we've got good plans in place for 2021.

Operator

And our next question will come from Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

It wasn't that long ago, I guess, we were talking about local brands in many of these emerging markets
taking share. And it sounds like those share losses have abated. But also, if maybe you can provide some
context on what's happen competitively in some of those markets? Do they make it through -- are they
just as competitive as they were? Did they make it through the pandemic? Obviously you just talked about
how trends in many of those markets have slowed and a whole set of other complexities where perhaps
you were able to survive in a much better position than them. So if you could just give some context on
what's happening in some of those major markets, that would be helpful.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Listen, you've heard it, I think, from others, there's been a return to big brands over the course
of COVID. And obviously the importance of health and hygiene and trust played into that resurgence.
And ultimately, as consumers move back in to stores and you get the benefit of displays, you will see
perhaps some of the local brands reorient themselves and get some benefit of that. But if you look at
the online world, obviously, the big players have really figured out how to target more effectively, how to
spend in the right mediums, which was historically a space that the local brands and some of the insurgent
brands were taking. And so over time, local brands will always be a threat. But I think as you've seen
through COVID, a resurgence to big brands, trust and reputation and obviously, as we continue to bring
a strong innovation pipeline to reward those consumers who have come into the franchise and continue
to deliver against their expectations, we feel good about the movements moving forward. But I would say
we'd never want to count local brands out. We continue to keep them very much at the forefront of our
strategies and look at them very, very carefully in terms of how they're orienting themselves locally based
on the insights required to win. And we feel like the innovation structure that we put in place around the
world, in terms of our focus on H1, H2 and H3 and being more local or required, will hopefully address
those increasing challenges that we'll see as foot traffic increases in the back half.

Operator

And our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I'd love to hear a little bit more around your expected gross margin drivers into '21, obviously, off the very
strong 2020. Can you pull apart those puts and takes that John started talking about at the beginning
any further? And I guess, my real question underneath that is John had laid out a couple of caveats, raw
materials inflation and others, as potentially pressuring gross profit progression as the year progresses.
But it didn't sound like you were -- you expected those will be severe enough to actually turn gross
margins negative year-over-year, but more simply just govern the expansion. I guess is that the right
read? Or does the lower end of your EPS guidance range actually allow for a scenario where gross margins
face some actual contraction if some of those uncertainties break the long line?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Steve. So again, let me walk through perhaps the margin roll forward on the quarter and the
year. Obviously we delivered -- coming out of the third quarter with a 60.2 margin, we delivered 130 of
pricing benefit to the margin, funding the growth was 280 basis points. And you saw the acceleration in
raw materials give us a headwind of 320 on the quarter, but ultimately, we were able to deliver 90 gross

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

margin points of growth in the quarter. And on the year, it was 130 with headwinds of around 230 on the
year. So I think the important aspect here is good back half pricing that we generated across all of our
markets. And that back half will obviously roll through to help compensate some of the increases that we'll
see in 2021.

Now that being said, raw materials are running slightly ahead of what we anticipated for the year in 2021.
So we need to ensure obviously that we get that pricing to hold, which we will do our best to do. We need
to continue to bring premium innovation into the market. We need to continue to focus on the strong
funding the growth and the productivity that we have in the P&L to ensure that if raw materials grow even
further, we're able to compensate that in the market. So the volatility we've seen on raw materials over
the years, again, it puts us in a place to reorient our focus around getting the innovation in the market,
getting the productivity in the revenue growth management initiative -- initiated.

But I think the good story that we have, at least we're in a position where we took strong back half
advertising -- excuse me, strong back half pricing in order to help us deliver a flow-through of that into
the first half. But again, that's based on the current rates that we're seeing. We'll see how that behaves
over the next couple of months. So we're mindful of that. We feel good about our ability to deliver the
gross margin expansion, but based on the current input cost that we have and the current spot rates that
we're seeing on foreign exchange.

Operator

And our next question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was curious about M&A and actually more specifically, the strategy with regard to Premium Skin.
Because with your core and organic strategies, investments working presumably so well and building
momentum from here with all the advertising support and innovation you've got. I was just curious about
the role that Premium Skin will play going forward. I think at the time to me when you started building
that out, it felt a little bit like trying to look for another leg to the stool as things were a bit slower in the
core business. And I was just wondering how that fits together looking forward again with the success
you're having on the core.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Listen, skin continues to be a really exciting category for us long term. You look at
the demographics globally, you look at the economics of that category and you look at where we have
made careful choices on where to compete, particularly around professional skin health. So we like the
dynamics of the category strategically.

Obviously post the acquisitions, we ran into a significant headwind related to COVID, particularly with
foot traffic stopping and derm offices. Foot traffic basically coming to a halt in spas; foot traffic, obviously
related to travel retail coming to a halt in 2020. So we started to see -- importantly, in the fourth quarter
this year, we started to see growth back in those categories, which is terrific. We spent the year, Lauren
-- and this is a real benefit, I think, to the quality of the performance we had this year. We spent the year
investing behind those businesses.

We weren't taking costs out. We were looking to optimize the cost. We were looking to build more
capabilities in those businesses. So we had the benefit of spending behind those brands and capabilities
to set ourselves up for obviously what we would expect to see a return to growth in those categories,
particularly coming out of COVID likely in the back half. But as John mentioned, we saw some growth of
those businesses in the fourth quarter, which was terrific. And we think we've set ourselves up relative to
seeing those businesses deliver good, sustainable growth for us longer term.

And it continues to be a real strategic growth opportunity for us in the long run, hence, the reason why
we decided to invest in those specific areas that we think give us a unique opportunity to add value to and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

drive incremental growth in the longer term. But again, businesses that were severely impacted based on
COVID, but again, giving us the opportunity to truly understand and build capabilities that we think long
term, those categories will perform quite well.

Operator

And our next question will come from Robert Ottenstein from Evercore.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. I was wondering if you could drill down on the China Oral Care business. You've made a lot of
improvements with Darlie and in e-commerce, both with Colgate and Darlie. So maybe an update of where
you are with that. And then if I remember right, the challenge was getting Colgate going on the brick-and-
mortar channel. So maybe an update on all those issues.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Yes. Again, this was a complete relook at our strategy in China over the last year. As we alluded to,
we expected performance in 2019 to improve in the back half based on those strategies, which it did. We
obviously had the significant impact from COVID in the first and second quarters in China, which impacted
the business. And we've seen the business obviously respond quite well in the back half of this year and in
line with the expectations that we have.

Our particular focus was around building our go-to-market out differently, specifically with relates to how
we want to think about innovation in the online world, which has now become a pretty significant part
of that business in China. And pleasingly, we have seen shares grow nicely in online. Again, I think, a
testament to a reorientation behind premium innovation. And it's interesting index for you. Pre-COVID or
pre -- the relaunch strategy in China, our indexes were running around 80% in the online world versus
the category, so 20% below the category. Coming out of COVID and into the fourth quarter, our indexes
are now running north of 110% to the category on average. So again, clear, focused orientation around
premiumizing our business, delivering online premium innovation like the Miracle Repair Line, like some
of the focus that we've done in electric toothbrushes, have allowed us to really drive the pricing in that
category, which has driven incremental value share.

Now the brick-and-mortar continues to be a bit soft on the Colgate side, quite strong on the Darlie side.
Again, the Colgate side is again the significant changes we've made in some of our go-to-market that's
taking a little bit more time and obviously impacted by the fact that foot traffic in China was down quite
significantly, particularly in hypers and supers as consumers moved online as a result of both behavior
change and COVID.

So overall, pleased with the progress that we're making in China, pleased with the go-to-market changes
that are starting to take hold and encouraged by the early signs of growth momentum in e-commerce and
our ability to deliver product innovation digitally in a more effective way.

Operator

And our final question will come from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I guess I wanted to ask you maybe a bigger picture question to end here. So overall EBIT margin is
down a bit in recent years. I think you ended 2020 around where you were in 2012 or so, but sales have
obviously accelerated. So how do you think about the give and take here? Can EBIT margin go back to
where it was kind of pre-2019? And if so, how do you think about contribution by line item? Your gross
margin? Can that expand realistically from here, SG&A? Is ad spend, which is now above where it was a
couple of years ago at the right level, is it too high, too low? If you could just kind of give some bigger
picture thoughts there, that would be helpful, please.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. First of all, growing operating margin long term starts with obviously delivering sustained top line
growth. And that's been our focus, and revenue is the best creator of operating leverage. Secondly, we
have many levers that we use to drive growth, and you've heard me talk about quite a few of those today.

Obviously the premiumization efforts, which drive more leverage through the P&L; our revenue growth
management efforts, which translate right through the P&L as well. You saw the examples I talked about
in big markets like Brazil, which is certainly bearing fruit; the Personal Care and Home Care leverage that
we've seen, obviously, in those categories; and as we expect Oral Care to reaccelerate will drive more
leverage through the P&L. Obviously funding the growth in productivity a real focus for us; great funding
the growth in the back half of 2020; a real dialed up orientation behind some opportunities, particularly
around our supply chain; and looking at our supply chain differently to drive more efficiency of that
moving forward, which we think will translate into more leverage.

The real cause of that of your point there was obviously an acceleration in our spending and the increased
logistics costs, which impacted a bit on the leverage. And those logistics costs, we hope, will subside in
the back half. We're looking at wage continue to optimize our warehousing and trade services around the
world and very focused on finding opportunities to be more efficient there.

But the key driver of it is, again, investing for the long-term health of this business and putting advertising
into categories and key geographies where we're seeing real return on growth, as I mentioned,
particularly Hill's the U.S., China and as well as India. So overall, we'll see that leverage come through,
but our focus right now is dropping -- delivering operating margin growth through the top line and
continue to accelerate gross margins to allow us to spend behind the business. So overall, it's about
growth, and we'll see that leverage come through as we continue to deliver that.

Operator

Thank you. And at this time, we'll turn the conference over to Mr. Wallace and presenters for any final or
closing remarks.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks. Again, a strong quarter, pleasing to see. Obviously the broad-based growth we had on the
business and very pleased around the capability building and how we're thinking about the business and
the changes that we made throughout 2020.

But again, to all Colgate people who are really behind the success, thank you for your commitment to
our values and our purpose. Thank you for everything that you've done. I'm deeply grateful for your
commitment to the business and always optimistic that the way we work together, we're going to continue
to build a healthier future for all. So thanks, everyone. Stay safe, and we'll talk to you soon.

Operator
That does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

