Constellation Brands, Inc. NYSE:STZ
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 08, 2020 3:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.84

2.14

Revenue  (mm)

1949.28

1999.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-08-2020 1:24 PM GMT

16.30

2.57

1.78

8.57

9.17

1798.93

8177.80

7924.57

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.75

2.06

2.62

1.84

1.84

2.21

2.72

2.14

5.14 %

7.28 %

3.82 %

16.30 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David Klein;Chief Financial
Officer

Patty Yahn-Urlaub
Vice President of Investor
Relations

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Amit Sharma
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

William Joseph Kirk
MKM Partners LLC, Research
Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Constellation Brands Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Patty Yahn-Urlaub, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

Patty Yahn-Urlaub
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Liz. Good morning, and welcome to Constellation's third quarter 2020 conference call. I'm here
this morning with Bill Newlands, our CEO; and David Klein, our CFO.

As a reminder, reconciliations between the most directly comparable GAAP measure and any non-GAAP
financial measures discussed on this call are included in our news release or otherwise available on the
company's website at www.cbrands.com. Please also refer to the news release and Constellation's SEC
filings for risk factors, which may impact forward-looking statements we make on this call.

Before turning the call over to Bill, similar to prior quarters, I would like to ask that we limit everyone to
one question per person, which will help us to end our call on time. Thanks in advance, and now here's
Bill.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Patty. Good morning, and happy New Year to everyone. I certainly hope you enjoyed the
holidays and had the opportunity to include some of our awesome Constellation products in your
celebrations with your family and friends.

The end of every year is a time of reflection for me, and this year is no exception. As I reflect on 2019, I'm
reminded that we're not only ending a certain fiscal year, but a dynamic decade at Constellation Brands.
Since 2010, Constellation has been on an incredible journey, marked by strong financial performance and
notable business milestones. Over the last 10 years, we've significantly increased the value of our stock
and produced double-digit growth in sales, operating income and operating cash flow. As a matter of fact,
the closing price of Constellation stock on December 31, 2009, was just more than $15. Fast forward to
December 31, 2019, we closed at almost $190. This incredible increase of more than 1,000% over the last
10 years made Constellation the best-performing stock in the S&P 500 consumer staples index during this
time frame.

One of the biggest drivers of our success with a game-changing beer acquisition that was executed
almost half way through the last decade, enabled Constellation to buy the Grupo Modelo brands in the
United States where we successfully built these brands for many years, while positioning ourselves for
this transformational opportunity. At that time, this deal allowed us to double the sales of our company,
diversify our profit stream, significantly enhanced our margin, earnings and free cash flow while providing
new avenues for growth.

Since then, our beer business has made significant contribution to the overall sales, profit and cash flow
results for our business and continues to be a powerhouse for growth as the #1 brewer and seller of
imported beer in the U.S. market.

Calendar 2019 marked the 10th consecutive year of volume growth for Constellation beer business, and
solidified our position as the leader in the high end of the U.S. beer business. These trends were driven by
Corona Extra, Modelo Especial's explosive growth and our successful innovation initiatives. In 2010, the
Modelo Especial brand depleted approximately 35 million cases and then went on to achieve double-digit

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

growth in every single year of the past decade, finishing 2019 at more than 140 million cases, and there's
more to come.

In our most recent third quarter, this powerhouse brand posted depletion growth of almost 15% with
double-digit growth in 46 of the 50 states, while solidifying its position as the #4 beer brand in the U.S.
market. Corona Extra, which is the #7 beer brand in the U.S. beer category, grew from approximately 90
million cases in 2010 to more than 110 million cases in 2019, and is one of the few top-selling brands in
the U.S. to grow this past decade.

From a quarterly perspective, the Corona brand family grew nearly 7% in IRI channels, driven by the
continued strength of our Corona Premier and Corona Refresca innovations as well as the renewed growth
of Corona Extra. Corona Premier continues to gain distribution, especially in the on-premise and delivered
double-digit depletion growth in 35 of the 50 states during the quarter. Corona Refresca was a top 10
growth contributor to the U.S. high-end beer category during the third quarter.

And finally, let's not forget Pacifico, which achieved double-digit depletion growth of nearly 16% and
remained a top share gainer within the U.S. import segment. We're excited also about our plans for the
launch of Corona Hard Seltzer this spring, which will help to further strengthen our position as the leader
in the high-end of the U.S. beer segment.

Our launch strategy includes the largest ever single brand investment for our portfolio of more than 100 --
excuse me, more than $40 million in marketing to support this intro. We've already started to take orders
from distributors and have received incredibly positive feedback from retailers who are excited about the
prospects of Hard Seltzer and have already incorporated our newest portfolio addition into their shelf set
programming plans for the spring selling season.

As we've discussed, Corona Hard Seltzer will be introduced in 4 flavors, including tropical lime, mango,
cherry and blackberry lime. Corona carries unbelievably strong brand equity as the #1 most loved brand
among both Hispanic and total population drinkers aged 21 to 54, and that's why we've decided to put the
Corona brand name on our new Seltzer. And of course, the refreshment characteristics of Seltzer perfectly
matches with Corona's refreshment DNA.

There's been a lot of debate about the Seltzer trend and where Seltzers are sourcing their growth within
the total beverage alcohol category. Our research shows that Seltzer is taking share across the board
from beer, wine and spirits. While a significant amount of this growth is sourced from the beer category,
it is primarily coming from domestic premiums, crafts, and FMBs with minimal interaction of Seltzer
consumption with imported brands. In addition, we're seeing increased overall consumption from those
Seltzer drinkers and new consumers who are entering the TBA space through their interaction with
Seltzers.

As an aside, the trends that you've seen for Constellation's beer business and this week's 4-week IRI
data covering the month of December are related to our recent annual price increase, specifically in
the California market, which briefly decreases features and promotions. The [Audio Gap] of these price
increases are normal and particularly short term in nature. Overall, we closed out the month of December
with depletion growth of our beer business in the high single-digit range of our year-to-date trends.

Moving now to Wine & Spirits. I'm pleased that we've been able to execute a revised agreement with
Gallo, which paves the way for accelerated growth and margin performance for our Wine & Spirit business
going forward. In addition, we believe it addresses the FTC concerns by excluding the sparkling wine,
brandy, dessert wines and concentrate categories from the original transaction.

We're already actively pursuing other opportunities to divest most, if not all brands, in these categories as
we believe this is the best path to optimize our portfolio going forward.

To be clear, the FTC needs to provide final approval of our revised agreement with Gallo once we have
finalized all transactions, including the proposed divestitures, which we expect to occur by our fiscal year-
end.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

We have also entered into a separate but related agreement with Gallo to divest our Nobilo Wine brand.
This fits with Gallo's portfolio strategy and allows them to expand in the New Zealand wine category
without affecting our long-term goals and strategy for our opportunity in the New Zealand wine category
in the U.S. at the greater than $11 price point. This transaction is expected to close in the first half of
fiscal '21.

Despite the delay in timing and revisions to the transaction, I'd like to remind everyone that we have
benefited from almost an entire year of additional cash flow from a divested brands by the time the
transaction closes, which has contributed to our debt reduction and share buyback activities. During the
last decade, our team has created significant value by transforming and simplifying our Wine & Spirits
portfolio through the rationalization and divestiture of assets in an effort to premiumize the business,
which is the right strategy to enhance our Wine & Spirit growth and financial profile going forward. This
premiumization strategy is taking hold in the marketplace as our power brands continue to outpace our
competitors and take market share at the price points that matter in the higher end. In fact, our power
brands at the greater than $11 retail price point grew nearly 9% in IRI channels during the third quarter,
including brands like Meiomi, which has more than doubled its volume with a CAGR of nearly 30% since its
acquisition in 2015.

Kim Crawford, which is another gem within our power brand portfolio, was the #1 selling wine online.com
this past year and has consistently outperformed its competitors, posting a 20% volume CAGR in IRI
channels over the last decade.

As we progress through fiscal '20, we continue to show steady upward progression and revenue trends
for our power brands and expect mid-single-digit sales growth to this collection of brands in the fourth
quarter. Innovation and new product development are also critical to our success for the remainder of the
year, and we feel we are well positioned to drive these initiatives to the finish line.

We've already had great success with the launch of Robert Mondavi Private Selection Buttery Chardonnay
and Woodbridge ready-to-drink packs, which, while gaining traction across all channels, is doing especially
well in the convenience channel, a channel growing at 2x the rate of the total U.S. wine market.

Both Woodbridge and Robert Mondavi Private Selection, which represent the most significant volume
within the Robert Mondavi brand franchise are outperforming in their respective price segments, driven by
marketing investments that we've recently made.

We recently extended our highly successful Bourbon Barrel-Aged program with the introduction of RMPS,
Rye Barrel Aged Red Blend. As a reminder, we've sold more than 1 million cases of Barrel-Aged products
since the inception of this program nearly 2 years ago, which helped to revive the Robert Mondavi
Private Selection brand while also becoming the foundation for some of our other successful Barrel-Aged
innovations like Cooper & Thief.

We're also building on success of wine in a can, where consumers are seeking products that are
convenient, ready-to-drink and sold in an environmentally friendly packaging. These trends have helped
to fuel the growth of Crafters Union, which is the #1 growth driver in can line over the last 12 weeks. We
plan to build on the momentum of this brand with the launch of Crafters Union Bubbles during the fourth
quarter.

Later this month, we will be releasing The Prisoner

Unshackled, the newest addition to the Prisoner collection of brands in Cabernet, Red Blend and Rosé. We
expect these brands to strengthen our ability to compete at the fast-growing $25 retail price point.

On the spirits front, SVEDKA Vodka continues to significantly outpace the vodka category in IRI channels,
driven by increased distribution within our core portfolio as well as the more recent introduction of the
Rosé flavor. During the quarter, one of our most successful venture investments, Nelson's Green Brier,
launched its first Tennessee whiskey product. This Tennessee whiskey is based on Charles Nelson's original
recipe dating back to 1860, and it's the first time it's been bottled since Prohibition shutdown of distillery
in 1909. This is another milestone for Nelson's Green Brier as they continue to innovate and leverage the
success they've already achieved.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

Overall, our U.S. Wine & Spirits business has executed changes that have resulted in a sharpened focus on
consumer-preferred trends related to premiumization, innovation and brand building. As a result, we have
benefited from ongoing consumer trade-up trends, positive mix and great consumer response to our new
product introductions in the marketplace.

Before moving on to Canopy Growth, I'd like to remind everyone that the core business activities I just
highlighted are driving an increase in our EPS guidance for fiscal '20.

Now a few comments about our investment in Canopy Growth, which continues to have the leading
market share in Canada and to be the leader in global cannabis sales. We remain bullish on the Canadian
cannabis market as the conversion of the illicit market to the legal market continues to strengthen. Per
statistics Canada, in 2018, 23% of cannabis consumers obtained cannabis from the legal market. While
in 2019, that number significantly improved to almost 50%. In addition, retail store sales have increased
significantly in every province during the last 12 months. We expect further retail sales increases as
products like baked, edibles and beverages flow through the retail stores in Canada, now Direct 2.0
products have been released. We couldn't be more excited to see these products in the marketplace as
Canopy now will have the ability to showcase their best-in-class brands and intellectual property.

We are also excited to see the progress the Ontario government has made to satisfy the demand of
consumers by agreeing to allow more retail store openings beginning in early March.

During Canopy's second quarter, they established leading recreational market share across Canada,
including a noteworthy share of over 35% in Alberta, Canada's most developed provincial recreational
market.

In the U.S. in early December, the Canopy team introduced First and Free, a line of branded hemp-derived
CBD products. These products are offered in a variety of formats, including softgels, oil drops and creams,
and are currently available for sale via e-commerce on the First and Free website. Overall, we're pleased
with the progress of the Canopy team and what they've accomplished in the last few months.

As most of you know, in less than a week, my colleague, David Klein, will assume the role of CEO at
Canopy Growth, where I believe he will bring more focus and discipline to that business in executing their
strategic priorities.

We have also appointed Garth Hankinson as Constellation's new CFO, who will help lead our company
through its next phase of growth. David has been a significant contributor to our organization during his
time here. His accomplishments at Constellation are numerous, and I wish him great success at Canopy,
where I will continue to collaborate with him through our Canopy Board interactions. During his time
at Constellation, David built an incredibly talented finance organization, which is why we're expecting a
seamless transition to Garth as he assumes his new role.

Garth brings a wealth of experience to this critical leadership position, most recently serving as Senior
Vice President for our corporate development activities, where he's led the company's efforts in financial
planning, reporting and analysis as well as mergers, acquisitions and our venture initiatives. Many of you
will have the opportunity to meet Garth in the coming weeks, and I would like to publicly congratulate him
and welcome him to our executive management team.

In closing, we've accomplished a great deal on this exciting journey through the last decade. But I'm
equally excited and optimistic about the next 10 years as well. We have a great product portfolio in a
terrific industry. We have the right strategy and an energized management team in place to execute our
vision for the future.

I'd like to reiterate 2 key takeaways from today's discussion: number one, with every step we take, we
are positioning Constellation for sustained long-term success as we continue to premiumize the portfolio,
a strategy which has paid huge dividends over the years. I'm confident in continuation of strong results for
our beer business and the excellent prospects for our Wine & Spirits business going forward. Number two,
our powerful cash generation capability and our desire to quickly delever and return $4.5 billion in cash
to shareholders makes Constellation a compelling investment for the future. We remain steadfast in this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

commitment, and I believe our significant debt reduction to date coupled with our second quarter share
repurchases are a testament to this commitment.

We have a relentless consumer-obsessed focus on brands and categories that are high growth, high
margin, and we're working continuously to build a solid and sustainable foundation of operational
excellence, financial strength and innovation. We plan to execute in these areas throughout the remainder
of the year and well into the coming decade.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to my colleague, David, who will review the financial results of our
third quarter. David?

David Klein;Chief Financial Officer

Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Bill. It's truly been our pleasure working with you and all of
the wonderful people at Constellation. My time as CFO has been exciting as well as personally and
professionally fulfilling.

I'm leaving the company in good hands with Garth as the new CFO. Throughout his 18 years at
Constellation, Garth has been a significant contributor to our premiumization and growth efforts, while
developing an in-depth understanding of the company's business operations and finance activities. Going
forward, we'll continue to collaborate on key initiatives as they relate to Constellation's investment in
Canopy Growth. I'll certainly miss my interactions with our investors and the sell-side analysts who cover
Constellation. Over the years, I valued your ideas, suggestions and feedback, and I thank you for your
ongoing support. I look forward to continuing to interact with many of you in my new role at Canopy
Growth.

Now moving to the financials. In Q3, we continued to produce strong beer operating performance and cash
flow results. Our Wine & Spirits power brand strategy is gaining momentum as marketplace performance
for these brands continues to outpace the overall category. We also recently closed the Black Velvet
transaction, revised the original Wine & Spirits deal with Gallo, including a separate but related agreement
to divest the Nobilo Wine brand and signed an agreement with Kings & Convicts Brewing to the best
Ballast Point.

Before we jump into the financial results, I'd like to provide an update on guidance. We've increased
and narrowed our full year comparable basis diluted EPS range to $9.45 to $9.55. Our increased
guidance range primarily reflects the updated Gallo transactions and related timing as well as strong beer
operating performance. This range excludes Canopy equity earnings, which better reflects the underlying
performance of our core business. We strongly urge investors to focus on this metric as the Canopy equity
earnings impact is noncash.

Our increased FY '20 guidance now assumes the revised Wine & Spirits transaction and the Ballast Point
transaction to close by the end of fiscal '20. We expect the Nobilo transaction to close in the first half of
fiscal '21.

As Bill mentioned, we believe efforts to divest remaining brands from the original transaction, along with
incremental cash flow generated from the delay in timing of the transaction will get us relatively close to
the value outlined in our original divestiture agreement with Gallo. This assumes we realize the full value
of the earn-out. After completing these transformation activities, we believe the Wine & Spirits business
will be positioned to produce mid-single-digit top line growth, while migrating to an operating margin of
30% over time.

Now let's review Q3 performance and our full year outlook in more detail, where I'll generally focus on
comparable basis financial results. Starting with beer. Net sales increased 8% on shipment volume growth
of nearly 7%. The reversal of the year-end fiscal 2019 over-shipment was minimal in Q3 and came in
lower than previously anticipated. We expect the remainder of the shipment timing benefit from fiscal '19
to reverse in Q4.

Depletion volume growth for our import portfolio showed continued strength growing nearly 8%. As Bill
mentioned, this was mostly driven by continued strong performance of Modelo Especial. When including

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

an unfavorable impact from Ballast Point, total beer depletions were up 7.3%. In Q4, we pick up the
additional selling day that we lost in Q2, which will help us achieve high single-digit depletion growth in
Q4.

Beer operating margins increased 200 basis points to 39.3%. Benefits from pricing and COGS were
partially offset by higher marketing and SG&A. COGS benefits were largely driven by FX, a onetime
contractor cost reimbursement and an inventory build ahead of our SAP S/4HANA implementation. The
contractor cost recovery and the inventory build helped us outperform our margin expectations for the
quarter.

I'm pleased to report that the first phase of our SAP S/4HANA implementation for our beer operations in
Mexico was completed ahead of schedule and with excellent execution by the team. This is an important
milestone after more than a year of planning, designing and training for this important initiative. We'll
continue to update you on upcoming milestones of our S/4HANA implementation.

Marketing as a percent of net sales increased 30 basis points to 11%. Marketing spend for the quarter was
slightly below expectations. We expect fiscal '20 marketing as a percent of net sales to be in the 9.5% to
10% range.

For fiscal '20, we now expect net sales growth of 7% to 8%. This includes 1% to 2% of pricing within
our Mexican portfolio. As a result of the planned reversal of fiscal '19 shipment timing benefit, we expect
full year fiscal '20 depletion volume growth to land about 1 percentage point ahead of shipment volume
growth. We also expect fiscal '20 operating income growth of 8% to 9% and our full year operating margin
to be in the range of 39.5% to 40%, which is an improvement compared to the previous year and prior FY
'20 guidance of 39.3%.

As we move toward next year, we're excited about our plans to launch Corona Hard Seltzer at the
beginning of fiscal '21. There will be some investment in production costs as we ramp up production for
this major innovation in addition to the significant marketing investment Bill mentioned earlier.

Moving to Wine & Spirits. Net sales declined 10% on shipments that were down 14%. Depletions declined
6%. Q3 results outperformed our previously communicated expectations, primarily due to a shipment
timing benefit. Our third quarter Wine & Spirits results were somewhat impacted by a shift in Thanksgiving
holiday timing with retailer and distributor replenishment shifting to the fourth quarter. Last year, there
was 1 full week post Thanksgiving to fully replenish. In addition to the shift of the Thanksgiving holiday,
we continue to be impacted by transition activities with distributors and lapped some lower quality sales
incentives and pricing activities that we've decided not to repeat in order to better align with our strategy
for the business going forward.

Wine & Spirits operating margin decreased 80 basis points to 26.2%, as mix benefits were more than
offset by higher COGS and higher SG&A as a percent of net sales. Higher COGS mostly reflect great
cost headwinds. The higher SG&A as a percent of net sales, included marketing investments, driven by
the continued support of the power branch, including new product development initiatives and Meiomi
advertising in the quarter. We now expect fiscal '20 Wine & Spirits net sales and operating income to
decline 8% to 10%. Our updated guidance reflects the revised transaction close assumptions discussed
earlier.

As part of the Wine & Spirits transactions, we remain committed to our $130 million stranded cost
reduction plan, which we now expect to be realized over the fiscal '21 to fiscal '22 time frame. I remain
confident that the Wine & Spirits transformation strategy is working. Power brand performance continues
to benefit from our increased focus and marketing investments. In fiscal '20, we're running a bit short of
our mid-single-digit power brand depletion growth target, largely due to the activities I mentioned earlier.
However, power brands are driving mix benefits and gaining share in IRI channels, and you should expect
to see a sequential improvement in depletion trends in Q4.

When you include these mix benefits, we believe our portfolio post divestitures is on track to achieve our
longer-term targets, including mid-single-digit net sales growth, while migrating to an operating margin of
30%. Fiscal year-to-date corporate expenses came in at $149 million, up slightly versus Q3 year-to-date

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

last year. We now expect full year corporate expenses to approximate $230 million, reflecting an increase
for insurance-related costs, higher incentive compensation and a ramp in IT spend, which includes our
S/4HANA implementation and other digital enablement activities. We expect our SG&A was to decrease by
the end of fiscal '22 once our digital enablement activities are fully implemented when we can eliminate
redundant IT costs and realize the benefits of the new platforms.

In Q3, comparable basis interest expense increased 11%. This primarily reflects additional interest
expense related to the funding of our incremental Canopy Growth investment in fiscal -- in November of
2018. Fiscal '20 interest expense is now expected to approximate $430 million.

Our Q3 comparable basis effective tax rate excluding Canopy equity earnings came in at 17.5% versus
14.1% last year. This increase primarily reflects lower stock-based compensation benefits. We now expect
our full year fiscal '20 comparable effective tax rate, excluding Canopy equity earnings to approximate
18%. The 1 percentage point rate increase versus our guidance is primarily due to the impact of lower
stock-based compensation benefits and higher expense for miscellaneous tax items than we previously
forecasted. I'd like to note that we expect our full year cash tax rate to be in the mid- to high single-digit
range.

Let's move to free cash flow, which we define as net cash provided by operating activities less CapEx. We
generated free cash flow of $1.5 billion for the first 9 months of fiscal '20. This represents an impressive
14% increase. Free cash flow improvement primarily reflects strong operating cash flow and lower CapEx.
We now expect full year CapEx spend of $700 million to $800 million versus our original guidance of $800
million to $900 million. This includes approximately $560 million of CapEx for our Mexico beer operations
expansion, including investments in the Obregon and Mexicali breweries as well as the fifth glass furnace
at the Nava Glass Plant. We expect fiscal '20 operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.2 billion to $2.4
billion, and free cash flow to be in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion.

Now let's discuss several impacts that were excluded from Q3 comparable basis results. Last quarter,
we noted that we expected to recognize a loss in Q3 on the write-down of assets held for sale related to
our transaction with Gallo. The actual write-down of $340 million was largely driven by the $250 million
of contingent consideration associated with the revised transaction price. Accounting rules govern our
election to record the contingent consideration when it's determined to be realizable.

We also recognized $547 million of net income tax benefit resulting from the remeasurement of our
deferred tax assets in connection with tax reform in Switzerland.

Moving to Canopy. The total pretax net gain recognized since our initial Canopy investment in November
2017 is $223 million. In Q3, we recognized the $534 million decrease in the fair value of the Canopy
investment. As a reminder, Constellation's original warrants with Canopy have an exercise price of CAD
12.98 per share and will expire on May 1, 2020, and represent less than $200 million in consideration. In
addition, the Tranche A warrants expire on November 1, 2023. The company will evaluate exercise of each
of these warrants immediately prior to expiration and does not plan to make additional cash contributions
to Canopy beyond the potential exercise of these warrants.

I'd like to close with some comments on capital allocation. First and foremost, as Bill mentioned,
Constellation remains committed to its goal of returning $4.5 billion to shareholders in dividends and share
repurchases over the fiscal '20 to fiscal '22 time frame. I am pleased to report that in Q3, we returned
to our targeted leverage ratio range. This was at the early end of the 12- to 18-month time frame we
committed to when we closed on the Canopy investment. It excludes noncash Canopy related equity
earnings. Continued deleveraging driven by the company's strong cash flow generation capabilities should
provide the flexibility to be opportunistic and increased share repurchases as we move into fiscal '21 and
'22.

As I reflect on my time as CFO of Constellation, I'm proud to have been in this role during a time of
significant value creation. I remain bullish about Constellation's prospects and believe the company has
the right strategy in place to produce top-tier performance for many years to come. I look forward to
creating value for Canopy shareholders, including Constellation in my new role at Canopy Growth.
With that, Bill and I are happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala with Crédit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

David, congratulations. I guess a question on question on Seltzer. It's obviously going to be an incredibly
competitive category for calendar 2020. What's going to make your proposition different? And how are
you thinking about marketing spend and investment, given that it seems like it's really building up to be
a pretty significantly competitive category this summer? And then second, separately, on your deleverage
comments, are you happy to keep the levels at where they are now and everything incremental from here
is a buyback to manage to those levels? Or should we be thinking about it differently?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, I'll take the first half of that. We're very excited about Corona Hard Seltzer, in part just
because of the refreshment DNA that's attached to the Corona brand. We obviously have done a lot of
product testing, a lot of product research to make sure that we have a product that meets or exceeds the
other key players in the marketplace. So we are quite comfortable with the sheer quality of the product
that we're going to bring to the table. And as usual, our crack marketing department will bring outstanding
consumer communications as they always do around our critical brands.

The last thing I would say is, we still believe that there's a lot of upside in the total size of the Seltzer
business. It was roughly 60 million cases in 2019, and we believe there could be a 2 to 3x opportunity
going forward, and we expect to take a significant share of that opportunity. Dave, you want to...

David Klein;Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Kaumil, on the buybacks, our targeted range is 3 to 4x. Our preference would be at the midpoint
of the range. But now that we're back in the range, we'll definitely look to be opportunistic as we move
forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

David, let me second the congratulations on your new opportunity. So the question is really around --
if I can go back to capital allocations. Bill, obviously, a lot of investors for years have been concerned
about Constellation's capital allocation decision. And the last few months have been tough, right, with
Ballast Point, with Canopy value declines. So maybe just kind of give us a state of the union from your
perspective, kind of what you've learned as an organization from Ballast Point in particular? And how you
think about just capital deployment outside of, obviously, the buyback stuff that you guys have already
committed to? Just to give people a sense of kind of how you're thinking about it philosophically as you
kind of go into year 2 of being CEO of the company?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I think one of the things, and David just pointed it out. We remain as committed as we always have
to getting ourselves into the range. And as he said, we're pleased that we have gotten into the top end
of our range earlier than we had anticipated. We have a tremendous amount of opportunity with our core
existing franchises. You have seen, and you will continue to see a relentless focus on the critical categories

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

and brands that we see as high-margin, high-growth opportunities. And we will invest to take significant
share within those. Where we see issues and problems, much like we point out with Ballast Point or the
low end of our wine business, we are prepared to take action to make sure we are focused on where the
consumer is going rather than where they have been, and those are 2 examples of that. I think what
that will do? Well, that will allow us to continue to focus all of our attention on the premiumization play,
both in the beer business and the Wine & Spirits business so that we continue to be the leader. And when
someone sits in this chair 10 years from now, they'll be able to tell the same story that I just told, which is
a great decade of tremendous growth for our company and for our shareholders.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer with Cowen.

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I'd also echo my congrats to you, David. I really look forward to working with you as part of my coverage
of Canopy. So Bill, I just wanted to follow-up on your commentary around the dislocation that you think
Hard Seltzer is driving based on the consumer insights you offered. Do you think it's kind of broad-based
and it's underindexing to imported beer? How are you, say, not asking for guidance for fiscal '21, but
are you expecting that dynamic to shift given the introduction of Corona Hard Seltzer? And perhaps put
it more specifically, how much cannibalization might you guys be expecting in terms of the interaction
between your core Corona offerings and that Hard Seltzer proposition?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Well, the thing that excites us, Viv, about the Corona Seltzer introduction is that, first of all, the category
appears to continue to have real strength. And that there's a lot of growth potential in it. As I said a
moment ago, I think there's probably 2 to 3x where it sits today, which creates tremendous opportunity
for those of us who are going to play in the category. I think our expectation would be that we would have
a similar type of cannibalization profile that we saw around Premier, which is, as you might recall, is in
the 70% to 75% range incremental. So this -- we think this is a great opportunity for us. But I would also
urge all of you on the call to keep in mind. As big and as exciting as this launch will be, Modelo Especial is
likely to be our single biggest grower next year. This continues to be a brand that is absolutely on fire. It
grew 15% in the most recent period, and it had 30-plus consecutive years of double-digit growth. This is a
brand that's going to be and remain a significant foundational play for this company for many, many years
to come.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

David, I wanted to extend my congratulations as well. I wanted to pick up on the beer guidance. So Bill,
you sounded pretty positive despite some of the slowing that we saw in the Nielsen data. I think you
attributed to pricing. But as I look at the midpoint, if my math is right, it implies about 7.5% organic sales
growth. The year-over-year comp is easier. You do get an additional selling day. Can you talk about maybe
what you're seeing in the business? Corona looks a little bit light, Premier looks like it's decelerated a
bit. Is there anything that gives you cause -- a bit of pause here with the base portfolio in terms of some
deceleration? And then given that, as we look at the 7% to 9% longer-term growth that you've expressed
confidence in over the intermediate term and the fact that we had to tweak it modestly lower this year,
should that be at all concerning for investors looking out to next year?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

Sure. No, I think you should be very positive about our expectations around our core business. We were
particularly excited that the Corona Extra business returned and renewed in growth in the third quarter. As
I stated, certainly, the price increases that we took, particularly in the state of California, gave us a very
brief factor that you saw in the most recent IRI data. But we do not expect that to have any impact on our
longer-term trends and the fact, as I alluded to earlier, our December depletion growth profile overall was
in the high single-digit range, which is ahead of our year-to-date trends. So we remain very, very bullish.
And when you think about things like Modelo and Pacifico and the addition of our Seltzer business, I think
you're going to see a continued strong delivery against our business in the range that we had said we
would do, and that we will deliver this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Also wanted to extend my congrats to David. Just 2 quick clarifications on the beer business. Bill, you
mentioned that high single-digit depletion growth in December. I think that included an extra day, though.
So ex the extra day, what type of rate are you trending at? And then, David, you mentioned the contractor
and inventory timing benefited margins in the quarter. Can you give us a sense of how much that was?
And those are more clarifications. So if you give me the benefit of an additional question, you guys did
comment on the fabulous track record of beer volume growth over the last decade and kudos for that.
Obviously, an amazing track record. But if you do look at the year-to-date depletion growth of 7%,
it's below that 9% to 10% pace from the prior few years. I know it's close to what you guys originally
expected. But just at a high level, taking a step back, just curious for your perspective on if the slowdown
this fiscal year, that's just more of a natural maturation as you move to larger case volumes, if we should
expect sort of a gradual slowdown in depletion over time on larger numbers? Or if there were more
discrete issues driving the sequential slowdown this year? And this is not sort of the start of a moderation
trend as you look out longer term?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

So relative to the depletion trends for the fourth quarter, we expect -- fully expect that our depletion
trends for the fourth quarter are going to be in the high single-digit range, much like December presented
itself. Look, we remain extremely bullish about the long-range prospects for our beer business. We are
significantly, significantly outperforming the overall category as well as the high end of the category
as well. And that's before we introduced our sell-through product, which will compete in an area that
admittedly has gotten very big very fast. So this will provide us with, I think, renewed opportunity for
growth, and we're very excited about the prospects for that going into the new fiscal year. Obviously, as
a reminder, we will give fiscal guidance during our next call. So we'll refrain from doing that at this point
in time. But certainly, we're very excited not only about the fourth quarter and finishing our year very
strongly, but for next year as well.

David Klein;Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Dara, on the contractor settlement and even in the S/4HANA kind of production build that we did in
Q3 that gave us a benefit, these are all a few to several million dollars each. And if you think about last
year, as you rewind to last year, I think in Q3, we had an issue with glass production in the quarter. So
we get these impacts every single quarter that are, call it, $3 million to $7 million each. And sometimes
they kind of aggregate in our favor, sometimes they go against us. But if you look at our total operating
margins in, say, FY '18, we're at 39.5%; FY '19, we're at 39.3%. And this year, we're saying we're going
to be between 39.5% to 40%. I think by the time you get to the end of the year, all these little timing nits
go away, and we end up in a pretty consistent margin range in this business, which I'll point out maybe for
the last time is, by far, best-in-class in North American brewing.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

Our next question comes from the line of Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets.

Amit Sharma
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just a couple of questions. One on beer. Bill, you talked about the long-term outlook, and it looks like
you're still confident of high single digit. Can you talk about Modelo in particular, like still growing double
digit, but some people are a little bit concerned about the decel that we saw recently. Can you talk about
what is in the pipeline from a Modelo perspective, as you look to continue this momentum?

And then on wine, David, good to hear, 30% operating margin outlook still intact for that business. Can
you talk about the time line of the stranded costs as they come out post the divestiture of the lower price
brands?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I'd say, and I've said this many times, I think Modelo remains the single largest opportunity for this
company. It is just beginning to crack into the general market. It has had a very, very strong run with
its core Hispanic base and continues to grow with that audience. And as many of you know, we do have
a great tailwind with the growth of the Hispanic consumer in the United States, which will continue to
give us a tailwind for a fair amount of time. But as you know, our advertising and our marketing activities
around Modelo have been expanded to a broader audience and the growth profile within the non-Hispanic
consumer is tremendous. So we see a remaining tremendous upside in Modelo.

Going to your question then about what else? We will be introducing the Modelito product. So a different
size. We have size opportunities. And as you all know, we have done nothing truly to innovate around
Modelo outside of the Chelada business, which has done extremely well for us. So we think Modelo is
going to continue to be a juggernaut well into the next decade and will likely be the single largest growth
product and brand for us going forward.

David Klein;Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And on the topic of stranded costs, it's a bit of the story we told at the beginning of this year, almost
on a 1-year delay, where we're saying it's $130 million stranded cost without getting into specifics that
will be included when we provide guidance next quarter. You can assume that 1/4 to 1/3 of those costs
come out in FY '21, the rest in FY '22 because we have the flow-through through COGS to hit before it
hits our P&L. So like FY '23 will be the first real clean year where we can take a look at that, seeing all the
stranded costs coming up or being out.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. So I was hoping to talk a little bit about the increased marketing spend on Corona, because last
quarter, right, you took the opportunity to say, look, beer profitability is coming in a bit ahead of plan.
We'll put some extra money behind Corona. And clearly, there's been some reaction. But at the same
time, the marketing spends on beer came in a little bit light of plan. So if you can just give us some color
on why the spend was a little bit lighter, kind of plans looking forward? And what in that marketing mix is
particularly -- had a particularly attractive return would be interesting?

David Klein;Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Yes, I'll comment on the kind of timing of spend. It really is -- it's a timing issue. We expect that
we will finish the year, as I said, in the 9.5% to 10% range of net sales. At the same time, we expect that
we will see an uptick in our marketing spend in Q4 this year versus Q4 last year. Some of that having to
do with incremental investment behind our core brands, but also some of it having to do with basically

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

production costs around the Seltzer marketing campaign that Bill outlined earlier. So I think for marketing
for us, it really is just a function of timing as we still are focused on that 9.5% to 10% range.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

A couple of just kind of follow-up clarifications. First, it looks to us that the price mix was about 1.6%. Can
you give us a sense of what that would have been without Ballast Point?

And then second, following up on some of the comments on Corona Seltzer. You made some comments
that it's being well received by retailers. Can you give us a sense of how you see the shelf sets coming
out next year, where Corona Seltzer is going to be positioned on the shelf versus beer versus other White
Claw? And then if you look at the White Claw trends, they've been unbelievable, right? I mean they're
actually increasing share. I think the latest share is something like 67%, up from 60%. What gives you
the confidence that this is actually a Hard Seltzer segment as opposed to a White Claw segment and that
there's room for a lot of new competitors?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So let's talk about the sense and where we expect to see Seltzer. Seltzer is in all likelihood not going
to take space from our core beer franchise. The consumer views it as something different. The retailers
viewing it as something different, whether it's on the shelf or in the cold box. So we think there will be a
distinct differentiation of product location versus just cannibalizing existing shelf space. That's the way it's
been so far, and we believe that will continue.

This -- the answer to your question regarding whether this is a category or a brand, I think we've solved
that answer for ourselves with research. Our consumer and the Seltzer consumer is very interested in
the idea of Corona Hard Seltzer, in part because of what I said earlier, which is the whole refreshment
DNA around the core Corona brand. The strength of Corona in that whole refreshment, relaxation, beach
experience is perfect for this. As we said earlier that the Seltzer consumer has generally been increasing
their overall consumption of the total alcoholic beverage category, which I think speaks well for the
overall category of Seltzers going forward. And the strength of the Corona brand name, together with the
investment that we're going to make against it, we're quite bullish on.

David Klein;Chief Financial Officer

And Robert, on the price mix question, it might be as if we were just looking at imports, it might be 10, 15
basis points, but not -- additional to that, but not much more.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congratulations from me too, David. Maybe coming at the beer outlook from another direction. Just
coming back and coming into calendar '19 at the beer event in Chicago, you guys were pretty adamant
that beer margins would trend flattish, more or less in line with where you finished last year, call it,
39.5%, as you said. But now we're 3 quarters into fiscal '20, beer margins have exceeded expectations,
3 quarters in a row, raising the full year outlook. And arguably, 4Q would seem to have potential upside
embedded in it as well, acknowledging some of the 3Q benefits that could reverse. I guess, as you step
back, does any of that change or go forward-thinking as to where beer margins could ultimately aspire
to, especially without the recent drag from Ballast? I mean is there -- I guess, is there a structural upside

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

to your prior outlook? Or do you attribute the recent strength just to some of those timing nits that you'd
mentioned earlier, David?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

So I'll start with that, and David can add as he would like. During that discussion, one of the things we
were quite clear about relative to our guidance, is there will be some years where things go our way. Costs
are better. FX is better. Certain things just simply are favorable to what we would view as sustainable
long-term proposition around our margin structure. This year has been one of those. And we're certainly
happy to take it. But it's also realistic to recognize that those things can go either way. As I said, this year,
it has gone in our favor, and we continue to work, as you would expect, on our operational footprint to
make sure we are extracting every ounce of opportunity as it relates to cost. But this year, we're on our
way, and we're quite pleased that it has. David, do you want to add anything to that?

David Klein;Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Steve, I would say that we are pleased. I'm convinced we have some of the best operations people
on the planet in order to produce the results that we do on a consistent basis. A note of caution, though,
is that -- and I think we've been clear about this is that when we are in the launch year from a Seltzer
standpoint, we know that we're going to be driving towards the high-end of our marketing spend as a
percent of SG&A range. We also know, as I said in my script, that there are going to be some drag on
gross margins as we come out of the gate on Seltzers. However, we've also said that we believe, over
time, Seltzers don't have to be a drag, and we don't expect them to be a drag over time, right? So I think
you're going to see puts and takes in our business, as Bill outlined, but I'm actually pretty pleased with
the consistency of margins in that -- as I said, 39.5-ish percent range for 3 years in a row.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

And I would just add on to David's comments that much like our beer margin structure is best-in-class,
I think you would expect that our Seltzer margin structure as we get to critical mass will also be best-in-
class versus the competition.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

David, congratulations also on your promotion, and thank you for your work as a CFO of Constellation. So
my question is a follow-up on the comment about increased investment on the Seltzer marketing. Should
we budget part of it already in the fourth quarter and also increasing early first quarter in fiscal 2021,
because I understand the launch is early fiscal year in March -- early March, so relative to the typical
launches or the typical innovation that happens around Cinco de Mayo?

And a clarification, if I will, and shifting gears a little bit for Wine & Spirits. So the entire fourth quarter
Wine & Spirits profit guidance, it's down -- so far, it's down 13% year-to-date. So the full year is down
8% to 10%, which implies that you have an improved performance in the fourth quarter. So if you can
elaborate on that as well?

David Klein;Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So on marketing spend, yes, we expect that our spend will be up on a year-over-year basis in Q4.
And that's the -- you can kind of calculate back to get into that 9.5% to 10% range. As I said, that's most
likely to be a Seltzer production -- marketing production costs. And then we think that the spend will be
a little bit weighted to the first quarter and certainly the first half of the year, while we're just getting the
product on the shelf, we want to make sure that we're driving a lot of consumer activity at that point in
time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bill Kirk with MKM Partners.

William Joseph Kirk
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

So I have a quick question on cannabis. Obviously, you worked with Canopy on the beverage launch up
in Canada and as I understand it, Acreage can bring Canopy's IP technology, including that beverage
technology to the U.S. So I guess my question is, would you want Acreage in the U.S. to start making the
products that you developed with Canopy?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think the best thing that -- so it's not our decision. Let me just be clear about that, it's Acreage's
decision, but to the extent that we develop outstanding products for use in the Canadian market. If
Acreage can bring those to the U.S. and they're comfortable to do so, we think that, that's a home run
all around like throughout our cannabis ecosystem, if you will, that's a benefit to Canopy, that's a benefit
to Acreage and some of our Constellation team has been helpful in making sure that the products are
meeting the expectations of the consumer in the marketplace.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Sean King with UBS.

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

You called out Refresca as a growth driver, but it still looks pretty small in the track channels. Where do
you stand in terms of, I guess, a national rollout strategy? And how do you expect Seltzer to interact with
Refresca, I guess, on the shelf?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We're very pleased with Refresca. It has outperformed what our expectations were. And we're going
to continue to invest behind it to make sure it continues to grow. As I said a little earlier, we don't expect
the shelf interaction to get in the way between our Seltzer and our Refresca businesses. We think they
serve different needs, although admittedly, there is some interaction between an FMB consumer and a
Seltzer consumer. But we think there is room for both of those products in the market, and we're looking
forward to seeing continued acceleration of both the Refresca franchise as well as the Hard Seltzer when it
comes out.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bill Chappell with SunTrust.

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

David, congratulations. Two quick ones. Any kind of guidance on what the peso versus the dollar impacted
beer margins this quarter? Or is that more to come in future quarters? And then also, in terms of kind
of what you talked about marketing spend and following Andrea's question, is this similar when we look
at the first quarter of 2021 to what we saw 18 months ago with the rollout of Premier in terms of kind of
pulling forward marketing, more spending very front-end loaded? Or is it more balanced throughout the
year?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

Yes. So on FX, and again, we get some volatility in FX. And our team, I think, does a nice job of trying to
lock in bumps in the peso, which gives us a little tailwind on -- especially given the volatility between the
USD and the peso over the last couple of years, right? So we think that, in the quarter, that was about
60 basis points of impact on margins. And then -- yes, I think you can think about it a lot like Premier. So
kind of the spread throughout the quarters of the year should look just like the Premier launch.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Like to have a question on Corona Premier and Familiar, specifically regarding Familiar, when looking at
the Nielsen data over the last few periods, we are seeing an accelerated decline. So is it deliberate shows
as it seems, as you keep mentioning it, and now you're anchoring Corona in the refreshment space that
Familiar may not fit and to provide pretty more space for Modelo to grow? And then on Corona Premier,
growth is plateauing. It seems like it's getting to the size of Corona Light. So is there any sense you can
revamp that ramp and reaccelerate the growth? Or are you satisfied with the current performance of
Corona Premier? So those 2 ones.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

So relative to Familiar, Familiar continues to do very well, particularly in the core Hispanic community,
which is where it was originally targeted. So we continue to think that Familiar is going to be an important
part, particularly with the Hispanic consumer and very specific demographics and very specific geographic
regional opportunities.

Relative to Premier, Premier continues to do very nicely and we're excited about it. Obviously, there
has been some impact. The cannibalization that has occurred has been impacting Light, as you would
expect to some degree. But Premier also opens up a bunch of new consumers to our franchise as well
who are looking more for that low carb positioning that Premier presents. So we remain very bullish on
the future for Premier, and we're going to continue to invest against that franchise going forward. And
again, it goes right back to, we are always pleased when more and more consumers spend more and
more dollars against the overall Corona franchise. People believe in this franchise. It is the #1, as I said
before, #1 most trusted brand, with both Hispanic and non-Hispanic consumers, 21 to 54. And that gives
us the chance to continue to leverage new introductions like Refresca, Premier and Hard Seltzer, which is
obviously coming in this coming fiscal year. So we remain very bullish on the overall Corona franchise. And
I think the fact that, that franchise was one of the few growth brand franchises over the course of the last
decade shows the real longevity for that brand.

Operator

I'm showing no further questions in queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Bill Newlands for
closing remarks.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Well, thanks very much. And I guess I'd remiss, David, if I didn't say that all the congratulations you just
received are well-deserved. We're certainly going to miss you on this side, but we'll be happy to get our
37% value-add going forward. Thank you, everyone, for joining our call today.

Before closing, I'd like to reiterate what a powerful decade this has been for Constellation. Our results
over the past 10 years are a testament to the dynamic, strategic efforts made by our strong management
team. Through our current initiatives and priorities, we are positioning this company for sustained long-
term success. And therefore, we are just as excited and optimistic that the next 10 years will continue
the momentum into the fourth quarter as well as a strong finish to this fiscal year. As a reminder, during
our next quarterly call, as I said earlier, we will be providing guidance for the upcoming fiscal year. So
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

thanks, again, everyone, for joining the call. I wish you all a safe, happy and prosperous New Year and
new decade. Thanks, everyone.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 08, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

