Corteva, Inc. NYSE:CTVA
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 04, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

(0.04)

0.04

NM

0.73

1.41

1.50

6.38

1.94

2952.92

3207.00

8.60

4126.76

13986.11

14217.00

1.65

14844.07

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-04-2021 11:46 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.39

1.24

(0.42)

(0.04)

0.59

1.26

(0.39)

0.04

51.28 %

1.61 %

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Jeffrey Rudolph
Executive of Investor Relations

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial
Officer

ANALYSTS

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Kevin William McCarthy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Corteva Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Today's call is being
recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jeff Rudolph. Please go ahead.

Jeffrey Rudolph
Executive of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Corteva's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Our prepared
remarks today will be led by Jim Collins, Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Friedman, Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President and Chief
Commercial Officer; and Rajan Gajaria, Executive Vice President of Business Platforms, will join the live
Q&A session.

We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks during this call, which are posted on
the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this
call, we will make forward-looking statements, which are our expectations for or statements about the
future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and
uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in the comments made
during this conference call and in the Risk Factors sections of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and our other
reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update
any forward-looking statement.

We provide a pro forma basis discussion in our earnings release and slides. Unless otherwise specified,
certain historical financial measures are presented today on a non-GAAP or adjusted basis and exclude
significant items and other charges and net benefits, which can be found in the schedules that accompany
our earnings release. On our Investor Relations website, you can find our earnings press release and our
supplemental financial summary slide deck, which is intended to supplement our prepared remarks for
today's call and provides a reconciliation of differences between reported GAAP and non-GAAP financial
measures. The non-GAAP financial measures provided should not be considered a substitute for the
measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jim.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jeff, and welcome to the participants joining the call today. Starting on Slide 4. As I reflect
on the year, 2020 was a year of profound societal and economic disruptions globally. Despite these
challenges, I'm extremely proud of the continued resiliency of our company. Our global teams have
worked aggressively to keep our employees and customers safe, our supply chains open and our growth
commitments on track. Our progress as a company in managing through the pandemic and other
disruptions over the last year confirms the strength and durability of our strategy.

Underpinning our progress is our strong organic sales growth for the full year, where our teams delivered
gains in both Seed and Crop Protection and across all regions. Transforming our cost structure remains
a priority for Corteva to deliver on our targeted earnings growth. We demonstrated our commitment to
cost reductions in 2020 by managing spending and delivering on our productivity programs. These savings
were mostly offset from headwinds that we had anticipated, such as higher input costs and investments
to support growth in addition to unfavorable currency. Despite these hurdles, we delivered solid operating
EBITDA improvement for the year.

Turning to the balance sheet. We continue to strengthen our financial position as we ended the year with
cash and investments of roughly $3.8 billion. Further, our cash, net of debt, improved by approximately
$1 billion over the prior year as a result of the organization's focus on disciplined capital deployment

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

and strong execution on working capital productivity. The company made progress on returning cash to
shareholders with more than $660 million returned via dividends and share repurchases.

Looking ahead, we see 2021 as a year in which we will accelerate on our path and expect to capitalize
on the significant momentum we have built as the investments we made since 2017 begin to drive
substantial earnings improvement. Our entire team is focused on executing to deliver further value for our
shareholders from a number of in-flight strategic initiatives, including the ramp-up of Enlist, the launch of
Brevant in the U.S. retail channel and the continued advancement of our Crop Protection pipeline following
2020, where we obtained more than 140 registrations globally for new active ingredients and formulations
that we will start selling in 2021.

We recognize that our 2020 performance was not where we need to be in terms of realizing the full
operating leverage from organic growth and productivity programs in our earnings. For 2021, I am
confident that we have made the necessary adjustments and are well positioned to deliver 15% to 20%
operating EBITDA improvement for the year, including more than 200 basis points of margin improvement
as the organization remains focused on executing on our targeted productivity actions.

On capital allocation, you may recall that we discussed last quarter that we plan to accelerate the
completion of our $1 billion share repurchase program by the end of 2021, which was 6 months ahead of
our initial plan. Given our current cash position and outlook for 2021, we expect to complete most of the
repurchases by midyear while maintaining our strong balance sheet and investing for growth. The bottom
line, we view 2021 as a big step forward for Corteva, and I am confident we remain on track and laser-
focused on delivering on our midterm targets.

Turning next to Slide 5 and briefly touching on 2020 performance for the total company. For sales, strong
organic growth in both segments and across all regions led to improved performance compared to our
revised guidance, with double-digit organic growth for the year in both Latin America and Asia Pacific.
Continued penetration of new and differentiated technology drove the increases, including 2% pricing in
our corn and soybean portfolios globally.

On operating EBITDA, we delivered 5% improvement for the year, exceeding our expectations compared
to our revised guidance as organic growth and cost and productivity actions were partially offset by higher
input costs and an unfavorable net currency impact. On currency, net of pricing, results were better
than we had anticipated for the year as teams delivered strong execution on local pricing, coupled with
favorable movement in exchange rates late in the fourth quarter. As a result, despite a 15 basis point
decline in the fourth quarter on the absence of prior year divestitures, we extracted 33 basis points of
margin expansion for the year, establishing a strong foundation for solid growth moving forward.

Shifting the discussion to the market backdrop on Slide 6. While more resilient than some other sectors,
the ag markets faced unexpected impacts resulted from the COVID-related disruptions. Throughout the
year, we observed tremendous volatility, including commodity demand levels, acreage levels and foreign
currency exchange rates. As our business is highly sensitive to these movements, we have closely and
continuously monitored market conditions and remain agile to adjust our actions accordingly.

As we entered the fourth quarter, fundamentals shifted and the outlook began to improve. Commodity
demand has stabilized considerably with constructive trends out of China on grain purchases from the
U.S. This trend, coupled with lower yields for 2020 U.S. crop and uncertainty in Brazil, has led to higher
commodity prices, which also leads to improved outlook on farm income levels, resulting in the highest
levels we've seen in 7 years. Government stimulus payments in the U.S. are also supporting farm income
improvement.

So after 2 straight years of unprecedented impacts from weather and the pandemic, we are pleased
to see signs of a more favorable market environment for 2021. Taking our operational momentum into
consideration, we are encouraged as strengthening ag fundamentals add additional support to our
expectations to further accelerate our strategy and deliver strong growth in 2021.

Now moving to Slide 7 for full year highlights on the top line performance from our teams around
the globe. In North America, we delivered organic sales growth of 4% for the year, powered by high-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

performing technologies like Qrome corn seed, which provides growers an approximate 8- to 10-bushel
per acre yield advantage over comparable products.

In soybeans, as the recovery in planted acres helped volumes, we drove 2% pricing with a yield advantage
lineup and disciplined execution by our teams. We also continue to make progress in accelerating the
ramp-up of our Enlist system. While we entered 2020 expecting Enlist E3 soybeans to represent just 10%
of our soybean volume, we finished the year well ahead of those expectations at approximately 17% of
our volume and on 20% of total U.S. soybean acres. That has helped drive strong early demand for Enlist
herbicides, which delivered $140 million in fourth quarter sales, more than double the prior year period.
The full Enlist system delivered approximately $440 million in sales for the year, and we could not be more
excited about how the system is gaining traction in the market.

In Europe, Middle East and Africa, organic sales grew 8% in 2020 on strong demand for new and
differentiated Crop Protection products, such as Arylex and Rinskor herbicides. Arylex is a product we
are particularly excited about as it progressed through the European regulatory process faster than any
product I can remember in recent years and really exemplifies our advantages in sustainable chemistry
solutions, an area of growing demand where we have highly effective products in the market and in
our pipeline. In Seed, we were able to drive volume and price gains as a result of our route-to-market
expansions in Russia and Ukraine as well as share gains in corn.

While significant currency volatility from the Brazilian real weighed on net sales in Latin America, we
delivered 17% organic growth for the year. Here, we executed on market share gains in both Seed and
Crop Protection and gained meaningful market share in the Brazil safrinha market while we continue to
drive adoption of our novel Crop Protection products. The teams displayed strong execution on managing
the volatility of local currency, which is evident in the $150 million in pricing for currency in Brazil for the
year.

In Asia Pacific, we realized 13% organic sales growth compared to prior year on both volume and price
improvements. This progress is another proof point of continued penetration of our new technology as
we drove the adoption of Rinskor and Arylex herbicides as well as other advantaged products like the
spinosyn insecticide. During the period, we also benefited from strong demand for Seeds in India.

Moving to Slide 8 for a more detailed review of our 2020 operating EBITDA performance. We delivered
strong price/mix benefits of $210 million and volume benefits of $160 million from the continued
penetration of our new and differentiated technology across all regions, representing important progress
on our targets. Through these actions, we delivered $100 million in earnings improvement on the sales
growth of $250 million of new Crop Protection products in 2020. At the same time, we drove Seed share
gains in Europe and Latin America. Seed pricing improved operating EBITDA for the year, led by a 2%
improvement globally for corn and 2% improvement for soybeans in North America.

On cost, we delivered approximately $30 million in net operating EBITDA improvement for the year.
This improvement reflects execution on the $230 million in productivity and cost actions, which were
largely offset by higher input costs and reinvestments to accelerate future growth and profitability. Other
was a headwind for 2020 and predominantly reflects the impact of asset divestitures in 2019. Lastly,
gross currency impact to operating EBITDA was approximately $330 million before pricing and was
predominantly due to the devaluation of the Brazilian real. To offset this headwind, local teams delivered
approximately $150 million in pricing for currency, resulting in a net currency headwind of approximately
$180 million for the year.

Our growth initiatives are taking hold. And we continue to take action to reduce costs and drive
productivity across the organization. Yesterday, we announced a restructuring program that includes
facilities consolidations, footprint efficiencies and headcount reductions. This is part of delivering on our
broader productivity programs. We are confident that we have reached the point where the investments
we have made over the past few years will begin to accelerate earnings growth in 2021 and beyond.

Now I'll turn it over to Greg to provide more detail on our results and the 2021 outlook.

Gregory R. Friedman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Jim. Moving to Slide 9 and a more in-depth look at our performance in the Crop Protection
segment. Organic sales for the fourth quarter grew 21% driven by an 11% improvement in volume and a
10% improvement in price. Robust demand for Enlist herbicides, coupled with fall applications of Optinyte
in North America drove organic sales up 31% over prior year. Strong demand for our new products and
pricing actions to offset currency also led to organic growth of 21% in Latin America and 17% in Asia
Pacific for the quarter. Coupled with our productivity actions, this growth drove an approximate 70 basis
point operating EBITDA margin benefit for the segment in the quarter despite the net impact of asset
divestitures in 2019.

For the full year, organic sales increased 11%, supported by continued growth in new products and in our
differentiated spinosyns insecticide, both up double digits on an organic basis over prior year. This growth
was partially offset by our strategic decision to phase out Chlorpyrifos and ramp-down of selected low-
margin third-party products. Overall, Crop Protection results reflects price and volume gains in all regions,
showing the balance and diversity of our new and differentiated products globally as well as our ability to
grow organically above the market. Despite this organic sales growth, operating EBITDA for the segment
has declined for the year due to the impact of currency, coupled with higher input costs, investments to
support growth and the impact of asset divestitures in 2019.

On costs, as we mentioned last quarter, we have taken several actions starting back at the completion
of the merger in 2017 to streamline our manufacturing operations to drive better operating leverage in
Crop Protection. Given the regulatory approval requirements in each of the jurisdictions where we sell our
products, it takes several years for the benefit of our asset footprint actions to impact the bottom line. We
should begin to see those benefits in 2021. On currency, we have recognized approximately $150 million
in pricing for the year to offset the weakening Brazilian real. And pricing will continue to be a strategic
lever for us going forward.

Moving to the Seed segment on Slide 10. Organic sales for the fourth quarter were up 9% driven by
strong safrinha corn sales in Brazil and deliveries in North America and Europe on an early start to the
season. Operating EBITDA for the segment declined for the quarter due to the impact of currency and
higher commodity costs. Full year organic sales grew 6% due to the soybean acreage rebound and
improved price in North America, market share gains in Brazil and Europe corn and strong volume and
price gains on new products particularly Qrome, PowerCore Ultra and Enlist E3 soybeans. Overall, price
and volume gains coupled with productivity actions drove an approximate 190 basis point operating
EBITDA margin benefit for the segment for the year.

Turning now to Slide 11. I'll provide our full year guidance for 2021. Starting with net sales, we expect
reported net sales to be between $14.4 billion and $14.6 billion, up roughly 2% over prior year at the
midpoint of the range, with organic growth of about 3%. This primarily reflects the continued ramp of new
products globally in both our Crop Protection and Seed segments, partially offset by the strategic decisions
we made in our Crop Protection portfolio to further drive margin improvement.

On operating EBITDA, we expect to deliver between $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion, an improvement of 17%
year-over-year at the midpoint. With our expected top line growth and continued focus on delivering cost
savings commitments, we expect to improve operating EBITDA margins by over 200 basis points on a
total company basis.

Turning to operating EPS. We expect to deliver between $1.85 and $1.95 per share, which would represent
a 27% improvement over 2020 using the midpoint. We have provided supplemental information on our
guidance in the appendix of our presentation.

Focusing on operating EBITDA, Slide 12 provides our key assumptions. Starting with Seed, global demand
for agricultural products continues to be strong. If new crop prices sustain current levels and weather
remains favorable for a normal spring planting pace, we anticipate combined U.S. 2021 corn and soybean
area will increase between 5 million and 8 million acres. Based on relative commodities prices, we expect
that the planted area increase will be heavily biased towards soybeans. We will refine our assumptions

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

when the market data is available as part of the March prospective planting estimates published by the
USDA.

In terms of Enlist expectations, consistent with what we shared on our third quarter call, we believe we
could have greater than 35% of our units in Enlist E3 next year and anticipate as much as 30% of the
soybean units in North America will carry the Enlist E3 trait. On Seed pricing, we expect to maintain our
2020 momentum and continue to extract value for yield-advantaged technology in corn globally, including
further penetration of Qrome in our corn lineup.

Turning to Crop Protection. We expect to deliver continued growth in our new product sales. This growth
is underpinned by strong market demand for Enlist and Arylex herbicides and continued penetration of
Isoclast insecticide globally. In total, we expect new Crop Protection products to contribute approximately
$300 million in incremental sales growth during 2021.

With respect to our differentiated technologies, we expect to release an additional 10% of spinosyns
capacity in 2021, resulting in approximately $80 million of additional sales opportunity as demand will
continue to exceed supply for this product in a growing targeted segment of the market.

As I've mentioned, we have made strategic decisions to phase out Chlorpyrifos and to ramp down selected
low-margin third-party products. While these changes are accretive to our margins, we do expect an
approximate $75 million headwind to earnings in 2021 as a result of these decisions, which is included in
our volume assumptions.

Moving on to cost. We are targeting approximately $150 million in net cost savings in 2021, which includes
$250 million in savings from our productivity programs, mostly related to the manufacturing and supply
chain rationalization work we have underway in Crop Protection. We also expect the majority of our
COVID-related savings in 2020 will be sustained in 2021. These savings will be partially offset by an
approximate $100 million headwind in Seed input costs as a result of higher grower compensation costs
due to rising commodity prices, along with unfavorable yields in Europe.

Finally, on currency, we expect a headwind in 2021, given the change in the year-over-year rates for the
Brazilian real and seasonality. Pricing will continue to be a lever to offset this impact as our commercial
teams in Brazil actively price for changes in local currency. We anticipate we will recognize approximately
$100 million in pricing for the year, reflecting a rate of approximately 5.50. Through our dynamic pricing,
coupled with the financial instruments we have in place, we expect to further reduce volatility in our
guidance, and we'll continually monitor movement in local currency rates as that could more directly
impact our ability to price for currency.

Turning now to Slide 13, I'll provide an update on our capital deployment targets over the midterm. As
a result of our strong operational performance throughout 2020, coupled with effective working capital
management, we ended the year with approximately $3.8 billion in cash and investments. That's after
returning more than $660 million to shareholders this year through dividends and share repurchases.
Building on this momentum, we expect to generate between $3 billion and $3.5 billion of operating cash
flow in total for 2021 and 2022 combined, largely driven by earnings growth and continued focus on
working capital productivity.

Taking a look at the potential uses for cash, we have outlined several key priorities. Our first priority
is to maintain a strong balance sheet with financial flexibility to support our industry-leading business
model, which will allow us to fund investments in the business annually. These investments will reinforce
and renew our innovation and market capabilities. We will also continue to explore paths to optimize our
portfolio through opportunistic bolt-on M&A, including fruit and vegetable seeds, digital technology and
biologicals.

Finally, we are committed to accelerating the return of cash to shareholders through dividends and
share buybacks. In short, we see tremendous opportunity to return capital to our shareholders over the
midterm. As you can see, we view the cash-generation capabilities of this business as very strong, and we
are excited to share more details as we move forward in our journey.

With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thanks, Greg. Turning to Slide 14. I would like to emphasize a few key points before we take your
questions. We've made tremendous progress in the short time we've been an independent company, but
we know we have more work to do. Our recent results and guidance indicate we are well positioned to
accelerate value creation in 2021 and beyond, including progressing on our products through the ramp-
up of our proprietary Enlist system and strengthening our advantaged multichannel, multi-brand route to
market, continuing to transform our Crop Protection portfolio and enhance our higher-value product mix
and further streamlining costs and disciplined execution on our productivity actions. We will also maintain
our balanced capital allocation program, continuing to return cash to shareholders even as we invest in
long-term sustainable growth.

Corteva's Board and management team are fully aligned on a strategy to deploy our competitive
advantages to deliver increased value that is durable. Our plan is solid. We are executing and it is working.
At the same time, we are always open to perspectives that benefit all of our shareholders. At Corteva,
we believe in the fundamental importance of listening and incorporating ideas that will help advance our
mission and our objectives, and we continue to do that.

While I am pleased with our progress, I am not satisfied with our relatively flat earnings over the past
3 years. We have learned, we've adapted and are now very well positioned to accelerate our growth
and deliver on the tremendous opportunities we have created through our targeted investments and
disciplined emphasis on cost and productivity. So as I consider our path ahead, there is no doubt we have
aligned our culture and gained the trust of our customers. At the same time, we have the right products
and our portfolio transformation is underway and we have the productivity programs in place to deliver
our future. Through disciplined and focused execution, we are confident this plan will deliver meaningful
earnings growth and margin expansion in the near term and significant sustained long-term value for all of
our shareholders, and importantly, puts Corteva fully on track to achieve our midterm targets.

I'll hand the call back to you, Jeff.

Jeffrey Rudolph
Executive of Investor Relations
Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on
forward-looking statements, non-GAAP measures and pro forma financials apply to both our prepared
remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Jim and Greg, as you look at your 2021 bridge on Slide 12, could you maybe outline where you think the
guidance is most conservative and where you think it's most aggressive?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Joel. And yes, as we've said in the opening comments, 2021 is a big step forward for
us. And I really believe we've reached an acceleration point given the investments and the strategies
that we've been putting in place since 2017 and believe they will drive substantial earnings for the years
ahead. And as a starting point for '21, I think you got to look at that fourth quarter momentum. That
momentum is there and it's real, and it gives you a strong sense for where that growth is going to come
from.

So as we've guided for '21, as you see on the chart, that 15% to 20% improvement in EBITDA, and that's
a 200 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin. So I believe that guide is strong, and it's realistic.
And as you've asked, let me give you some proof points on why I have some confidence in it. 2/3 of the
improvement in the business this next year is going to come through our Crop Protection business. And
that's tied to the productivity improvements that we put in place, a number of footprint reduction projects
as they have started to flow through cost of sales. And you can really begin to see that in our CP margins.

You add to that the continued ramp-up of either the new products that we've talked so much about, about
$300-or-so million of new -- of incremental new product sales. And then you start to unleash the spinosyn
capacity that we have been investing in. And so overall, you get about $400 million of growth there. And
then all of that on Crop Protection is net of now the strategic decisions that we made to exit a number of
key products. So while those decisions have been headwinds in the past, we've got those behind us now.
So the numbers we're talking to you about are net numbers.

And then about 1/3 of that improvement next year is tied to our Seed business, and really got to start that
discussion by just looking at Latin America, the tremendous momentum we carried in the fourth quarter.
And then you add to that expectations of, I don't know, 5 million to 8 million acres of new crop coming
back into corn and soybeans in North America, probably heavily weighted to soybeans but it's real out
there. You can see it tied to the really strong demand that's in the marketplace, and that's being reflected
in commodity prices.

And then the other confidence I have in our Seed business is with respect to pricing. You look at what we
delivered in 2020, kind of 2% price improvement in corn and 2% price improvement in soybeans globally.
We've got a track record now there and so we're going to count on that track record. We will have a little
headwind in the Seed business tied to commodity prices and cost of sales. And then don't forget about
Brevant as we're thinking about the bridge next year. We're just scratching the surface of what Brevant
and as well as Enlist is going to be able to deliver for us. So I think this is a strong and realistic guide for
2021 and I have a lot of confidence in this plan and my team that we can deliver that.

Operator

We'll take our next question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Jim, on your 2022 target, which implies about, I think, about $2.95 billion at the midpoint, can you bridge
that roughly $500 million increase versus '21, vis-à-vis, cost, new products, productivity, et cetera?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great, David. Thanks for the question. And you're right, in our outline, our prepared remarks today, we
really are affirming our midterm targets. And that's that kind of 12% to 16% EBITDA growth using that
2019 as a baseline. So we're not going to provide guidance for 2022, specific guidance for '22. But we do
see that continued momentum that I was just talking about that we have going into 2021. And so it's a
little hard to sit here today and predict the market in '22, but we can talk about the levers that are still
going to be within our control that have given me confidence to confirm those midterm targets.

And you start in Seed with, really, Enlist. And in 2021, we're just scratching the surface on the margin
lift that Enlist can deliver for us. By 2022, we're really into the noticeable improvement in net royalty
expense as we not only ramp up the top line revenue, but we ramp up the proprietary portion of those
sales that are in Corteva germplasm. And then we're going to continue to see improvement in the rest of
our portfolio in a few other areas. And then I mentioned -- I always need to keep reminding folks about
Brevant. Again, '21, just -- it's going to be a good year, a good start year for us, but 2022 will allow us to
continue that momentum into that retail channel with Brevant.

On Crop Protection, the main story there is momentum. We delivered $250 million of new product
incremental revenue in 2020. '21 is going to be another strong year with about $300 million of
incremental from those new products. We had 140 new product registrations that we receive right here
at the end of 2020 that will just start having momentum in '21, and you'll feel that again in '22. And then
on top of the top line revenue that we'll get from Crop Protection, by '22, you're really starting to see the
compounding effects of better margins on that new chemistry as higher volumes flow through that same
asset base and take up -- we start to spread that fixed cost over a much broader base. So you're seeing
some of that in '21, but as those new product sales continue to ramp, it shows up in '22.

On top of that, the further improvements that you're going to see from the asset footprint work that we're
doing. And we got a good start of that this year coming up and will show up next year. So all of these
levers, we really have within our control. And again, while it's early, we've still got '21 to get through and,
again, tough to predict what that market will look like, but we've got our hands firmly on these levers, and
that's what's going to propel us to those midterm targets.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jim, if I could ask you on Seed production costs, I believe they were up in 2020, somewhere in the $75
million to $100 million range, and most of that was on production issues and I think in soy. And then this
year, you're talking about another $100 million. So on a 2-year stack, if my math's right, you're up $175
million to $200 million. And I guess my question is, is if we have sort of normal production in the U.S. and
Europe this year and if the futures curve for corn and soy is correct and commodity prices are lower into
next year, does that mean there's going to be $170 million to $200 million Seed production cost tailwind in
'22? Or would some of that be eaten up by other costs, maybe extend launch costs or anything else? How
should we be thinking about that bridge?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Vincent, for the question. And you're right. For 2021, we are expecting approximately $100
million in Seed input cost headwinds. Those are predominantly due to the higher commodity prices for
soybeans that impact our grower compensation program, the way we compensate growers for producing
seed. And we also had lower seed field yields in Europe. It was a tough seed production year. So just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

as background, we go out and we contract with independent growers to produce our commercial seed
and they have the opportunity to lock in a commodity price rate during a window. And especially with
soybeans, as we saw that run-up late in the season, they locked in at higher rates.

We go into every year with our best foot forward. So as we put seed in the ground in '21 for '22
production, clearly, we will lap those higher commodity prices. And if we see some tail-off there, we'll
benefit from that. And we'll expect to always have good solid yield production in our fields. We work with
a lot of irrigated fields, so we try to take the weather out of that as much as possible. So we're -- we've
seen good trends, and I think we've got a lot in play that should help support us as we come out of '21
into '22.

Operator

We'll take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Yes. A couple of related questions, Jim, on Seeds. Are you seeing that farmers are willing to buy higher-
priced seeds, given that they have strong disposable income this year? And just related to that, on your
fixed minimum royalty payments that you have through 2023, which is -- I think that's more of a cash
flow item. Can you talk about the income statement impact as you ramp up volumes of Enlist E3 and ramp
down volumes of Roundup Ready 2 Yield?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. P.J., let me -- I'll talk to the pricing question and maybe have Greg walk you through the impacts of
the way that balance sheet and the royalties flow. As we think about the market next -- this season, 2021,
it's always a competitive marketplace, and it will be just as competitive as we saw in 2020 even with the
commodity pricing backdrop. So we're going to continue to go out there and get paid for the value that
we deliver to growers, especially when it comes to the yield-advantaged technology that we're putting out
there. And most notably, we really do see that in corn.

And we've established a really strong track record, that I mentioned earlier, of extracting that value for
our technology. And all you got to do is go back and look at our 2020 performance, where we delivered
2% pricing in corn and soybeans, and that's globally. So this is always a market-specific phenomenon. But
when you step back and look at our performance last year, we did that everywhere. And so we're -- as
we sit here today, we're very pleased with the pace of the orders that are coming in, in both our Pioneer
brand in North America as well as Brevant brand through those channels. And so I'm confident on that
value question that we'll carry that momentum into 2021.

Greg, do you want to talk a little bit about royalties?

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. P.J., on the royalties, we are in 2020 a -- relatively flat on our royalty spend and will continue into
2021 pretty much on the same basis. As we go into 2022 and start ramping up more of our proprietary
products in germplasm, we'll start to see that royalty expense come down. And that will continue beyond
2022 through the rollout of Enlist through the end of the decade. We do, as you know, have some
minimum payments that we make every year. Those are -- those will end in 2023.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Congratulations on the progress in '20. I just wanted to, I guess, ask about the margin progression,
evolution that you're seeing and you've achieved and you kind of see over the next couple of years. So it
looks like you're guiding to about a 17% EBITDA margin at the midpoint in '21. And you've outlined some
new restructuring initiatives for footprint optimization and such. Do you see maybe this as a first step and
maybe some other projects down the road?

Maybe you can expand on the opportunities that you see. And if so, where do you think margins ultimately
can get to? And what would it be dependent on? Would it be dependent on maybe further market growth
or some inorganic growth or maybe some different asset structuring or potentially even some different
business lines like formulation or anything like that? So there's a lot in there, but maybe you can address
some of that.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes, great, Arun, and thanks for your comments as well. Due to the merger, we did inherit a number of
U.S. manufacturing locations that have been more expensive than what I had personally experienced in
the past around a more outsourced or a more localized approach to the business. So we didn't wait to take
any actions to start optimizing the supply chain. Since merge, since the close of the merger, we've shut
down 9 manufacturing assets and we are starting to see the benefits of those lower-cost supply chains.

So I do believe that 2021 is really an inflection point for us. You really haven't seen much of the benefits
of those actions yet. And that's kind of related to the amount of time that it takes to clear the regulatory
hurdles. Every time you make a change in your supply chain, you have to go back and resubmit dossiers
to regulatory authorities in every country around the world. So you saw some restructuring. The 8-K that
we filed, that had restructuring in it. That's just part of those programs that we've talked about, and we'll
just kind of continue to roll forward.

So in our guides, in our confirmation of our midterm targets, we've included those strategic decisions
in those guides. It's one of the tools that we have and one of the ways that we get there and have
confidence that they're achievable. And then we're always looking for opportunities and new ideas. We
take every one of our active ingredients that we produce and we ask ourselves the question, can we
be the lowest-cost producer of that product? And when that answer is no, the teams begin looking for
alternate sources.

And when that answer is yes but we need project work to get there, we begin to put those initiatives in
place to drive that. So the best example I can point to is if you look at 2021's EBITDA improvement, 2/3
of that improvement is going to be coming from those initiatives in our Crop Protection business. So I got
a lot of confidence, a lot of great visibility of those initiatives that are in-flight and exactly where we are in
each one of those manufacturing units and those cost-of-sales points to be able to point to that.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I have a question about your conservative operating cash flow guidance in that your '21, '22 total is to
$3 billion to $3.5 billion. So let's call it, I don't know, $1.7 billion a year. This year, your operating cash
flow was $2 billion. If you subtract out your working capital benefits, maybe it's $1.7 billion. So you're
sort of saying that your operating cash flow is not really going to change very much from that base. And
there'll be a little bit more working capital, but your EBITDA you think will go from like $2 billion to $3
billion over -- to 2022. And so I don't understand why you would be generating so much EBITDA and so
little operating cash flow.

And then secondly, your pension liability really went down in the fourth quarter from, I think, sequentially
from something like $5.8 billion to $5.1 billion. But interest rates really fell year-over-year and I would

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

have thought that there would have been an adjustment in the opposite direction. So can you explain
what happened to pension? And can you explain why there's so little growth in operating cash flow?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great, Jeff. Thanks for the question. Let me just start by saying I'm really proud of how the team
performed in 2020 from a cash flow perspective. And you've seen the numbers that we've talked about
and also the plan that we put in place for 2021. And that includes returning about -- for 2021, when we
complete the share buyback and the dividends, we're going to return $1.1 billion to shareholders. So -- let
me turn it to Greg to talk a little bit about the future-looking on cash flows in that balance as you talked
with EBITDA and for the discussion of what happened with the pension. So Greg?

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So specifically on cash flow, we had a very strong cash-generation year, as you commented, this
year. A lot of that was driven by real specific actions that we took to manage our working capital and also
manage our capital spending, particularly during the pandemic. What also happened towards the end of
the year is we saw some very good cash generation by our customers through the government programs
that they received some benefit from. And in addition to that, the rise in commodity prices towards the
end of the year also generated some incremental income for our customers. And we got the benefit of that
with some cash generation at the end of the year.

As we go into 2021 and beyond, we are looking at increasing our capital spending. We were at $475
million in 2020. And you'll see in our guide that we've included CapEx at about $550 million in 2021. So
we put some of our CapEx on hold, and we plan to reinvest in our growth projects in 2021 and beyond.
In addition to that, we do expect to return to a more normal cash credit mix with our customers. So there
will be some changes in working capital as we move through 2021 and assuming a more normalized cash
credit mix.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. And you want to talk about pension?

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So on pension, specifically, we saw a net decrease in the obligation, and that was driven by 2 things.
Number one, an increase in the gross obligation given discount rates, and that was offset by our asset
returns.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

And the other thing, Jeff, just to highlight, is our unfunded balance declined, and that was mostly due to
changes in the OPEB obligation as a result of some changes that we made in benefits.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

You mentioned earlier that you were seeing some share gains in South America Crop Protection. I was
wondering if you could expand on share gains in corn, soybean in Crop Protection in other regions. And
then as a follow-up, how do you see that evolving this year?

James C. Collins

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

CEO & Director

Yes. Great, Jonas. Thanks. We are confident that we gained corn market share for sure in Europe. And in
Brazil, both in the safrinha season as well as summer. And we've got just fantastic lineup and our teams
really executed very, very well. It's a little too early to call on share gains in North America. We really have
to get that last round of USDA data that gives us the plantings of what happened right down to a kind
of a county level. So it's -- we'll kind of have that final call on North America in mid-March. But look, I'm
confident that we held share, at least, for sure, in corn in North America while delivering above-market
share -- above-market pricing gains. So our story in North America was really all about value.

And in soybeans, from a global perspective, we saw some slight declines in volumes. But for us, it's the
U.S. that really matters. And our U.S. Seed volumes in soybeans were up. So I'm pretty confident in soy
as well. We held. If not, we were up slightly. And one more time in soybeans, that 2% pricing on a look-
back basis shows that we not only -- we held, if not gained slightly, and drove much higher value. So
those are the big markets. But maybe, Tim, you want to share either the broader perspective of how we're
doing on market shares in other markets around the world, other crops?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes, Jim, maybe I'd add a couple of comments on the Crop Protection side, especially. And looking back
to 2020, I think we can confidently say we gained share in Crop Protection. I think on a global basis, we
obviously are still in the early days, and we don't have all competitive metrics in place, but that certainly
seems like on a global basis that we would have outperformed the market on CP as well as I think we can
confidently say in EMEA as well as Asia Pacific. We've been ahead of the market really throughout the year
and had strong finishes there.

In North America, we've sort of been hanging with the market for most of the year in Crop Protection. And
we even -- we had a really strong finish to the year as well. And so we'll see where that puts us. Maybe a
little optimistic that we will end up above the market for North America. We've had strong finish. And in
Latin America, we -- fair to say that we started off the year behind the market in the first half. We felt like
we were catching as we went through the third quarter and a really strong finish in the fourth quarter.

And as we anticipated and again, I think much like North America, we have some reason to believe that
once everything's tallied up, that we're going to be certainly with the market and maybe just ahead of it
on the Crop Protection side. So in conjunction with the Seed share position that Jim talked about, I think
we can feel really proud of how we performed versus the market in the Crop Protection side, again, with
strong pricing to support it.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Great, Tim. Thanks for mentioning the Crop Protection. Just -- you mentioned Latin America right
there at the end. Jonas, our insecticide business in the fourth quarter in Latin America was up 36%, and
our fungicide business in Latin America, up 28%. And so as Tim said, really, really strong close for the
year by that team. And on a full year basis, we were also up similar numbers. So we're encouraged by our
CP market shares there as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.

Kevin William McCarthy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just a follow-up on capital allocation. It sounds like you're going to be mostly done with your share
repurchase commitment by the middle of the year. So how would you describe potential for future
repurchases versus the M&A opportunities that you described, Jim, in fruits and vegetables, digital and
biologicals? And then related to that, for Greg, can you comment on other cash calls or expectations for
2021 in terms of pension, OPEB, PFAS and any other extraordinary items?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thanks, Kevin. As we've mentioned in our message earlier, we're going to continue to evaluate
opportunities to return capital to shareholders. And we view that as a priority in our overall scheme
for capital allocation. We mentioned that we are committed to executing the current share repurchase
program and now plan to complete, as you said, most of that program by mid-'21. That is a further
acceleration from where we were and where we communicated back in 3Q.

And then on a look-forward basis, you look at that, combined with our dividend, we'll be a little over $1.1
billion return to shareholders. And at that time, as that program closes out, we'll take a view of all of our
obligations and sit down with our Board and talk about what's next after that. But look, I'm confident that
returning capital to shareholders is a priority for me and it's a priority for this Board, and we'll certainly
keep you informed as our thoughts around that evolve. Greg?

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. On cash calls, you mentioned pension and OPEB. And specifically, with respect to the pension, we
continue to be confident that we don't have a required contribution to the pension plan in the next couple
of years. In fact, as I mentioned earlier, our returns this year exceeded the cost of the plan, so our funded
rate improved. You'll see the details of all of that in the 10-K when we issue that in the next several days.
So I apologize for not having the details readily available for you for that. Regarding OPEB, no additional
cash calls other than what we normally see on an annual basis. And as Jim mentioned, with the changes
that we made to the plan, that reduced the liability significantly.

Operator

Our last question will come from Steve Byrne with Bank of America.

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jim, you mentioned 7-year high on crop commodity prices. And if you look at that another way, the
growers that are locking in harvest month futures prices today versus what they were doing a year ago,
they're looking at $100 an acre higher revenue today than they were a year ago. And so my question for
you on that is, how do you think that most affects the decisions those farmers make? Is it seed genetics?
Is it a shift to branded crop chemicals, is it application rates? How do you think it most affects your
verticals? And then the second question there would be your 2021 guide of a 3% sales growth is the same
as it was in 2020, is it reasonable to see that as not really middle-of-the-road but a not-to-miss guide?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Steve. Clearly, the improving commodity price markets helps the psychology of everybody
involved. And as what they think, farmers always think about their decisions as investments in their future
to drive productivity and yield. And so higher commodity prices means that they will continue to push for
yield and be able to take advantage of that yield.

And what I like about what we're seeing right now is we feel like the demand side of this equation
that's driving those commodity prices is pretty durable for the 1- to 2-year term as we look out. China's
demand curve seems to be strong as they're rebuilding their pork industry. And we know we've got
demand for exports in other markets and strong demand for animal feed that we're seeing come back
in North America and with the carryover stocks where we're seeing them. So I, like you, believe that we
have support for those commodity prices here for the next 2 or 3 years. And that's driving our acreage
assumptions as well.

I would expect 180 million, 182 million corn and soybean acres when you combine them, a little hard to
call the split there, but probably the best news we're hearing right now is what we don't seem to be -- it's
going to favor soybeans. We know that any increases will go into soybean acreage, but it's not coming out

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

of corn. So it's really setting up for both a strong corn and bean. When you look at our revenue guide for
next year, as you mentioned, just remember that in that guide that there's -- that is a net top line revenue
number and it's net of about $300 million of revenue that we phased out of from 2020 going into '21.

The first of those strategic decisions around Chlorpyrifos. And then several other low-margin products,
very, very generic and just probably not the right kind of products for our portfolio going forward. So we're
certainly in a mix enrichment and a refreshment of that portfolio and basically have the majority of those
big strategic decisions now behind us. So back to my comment earlier, I think this guide, it's a strong and
a realistic guide with all of those elements really baked into it. And we still have a full season ahead. We're
sitting here early in '21, a lot to go but we're confident we've set this at the right spot. Thanks, Steve.

Jeffrey Rudolph
Executive of Investor Relations

Great. Well, thank you for joining the call today, and we appreciate your interest in Corteva.

Operator
And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

