Cummins Inc. NYSE:CMI
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 03, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.03

4.15

Revenue  (mm)

5997.57

6111.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2021 2:23 PM GMT

2.98

1.89

4.00

15.98

18.78

5977.90

24263.88

25976.18

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.45

2.75

3.49

4.03

3.36

3.36

4.04

4.15

37.14 %

22.18 %

15.76 %

2.98 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor
Relations

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings. Welcome to the Quarter 2 2021 Cummins Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the floor -- the conference
over to your host, Jack Kienzler, Executive Director of Investor Relations. You may begin, Jack.

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins
Results for the Second Quarter of 2021. Participating with me today are our Chairman and Executive
-- Chief Executive Officer, Tom Linebarger; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Jennifer Rumsey;
and our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Smith. We will all be available for your questions at the end of the
teleconference.

Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will
consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such
statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding
the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking
statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties.

More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure
statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly
the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and our subsequently filed
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.

During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you
to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with
a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website
at www.cummins.com under the heading of Investors and Media.

With that out of the way, we will begin with our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Jack, and good morning, everybody. I'll start with a summary of our second quarter financial
results and our market trends by region and then finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2021. Mark
will then take you through more details of both our second quarter financial performance and our forecast
for this year. Demand remained strong in the second quarter as the global economy continued to improve,
driving strong sales growth across most businesses and regions and resulting in solid profitability. We are
encouraged by economic trends across a number of our key end markets, which point to strong demand
for the remainder of this year and extending into 2022.

In North America, freight activity continues to grow, leading to elevated spot and contract rates and
driving fleet profitability and a rising backlog of truck orders. Leading indicators for nonresidential
construction continue to improve. And the fiscal support for investment in capital projects is robust, led
by North America and Europe. Iron ore, copper and thermal coal prices also remain high, supporting a
positive outlook for mining. Cummins is well positioned to benefit as these markets gain momentum due
to our leading global position across a number of end markets, and we continue to see demand for our
products outpace our competition.

Before getting into our results, I want to take a moment to highlight a number of partnerships and
strategic milestones in the evolution of our next-generation technologies. In May, we formed a partnership
with Iberdrola, a leading global producer of renewable power to accelerate the global growth of business
opportunities in the electrolyzer market and especially in Europe with a focus on the Iberian Peninsula. The

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

alliance will help position Cummins as a leading supplier of electrolyzer systems for large-scale projects in
Europe. As part of our alliance, Cummins will be the electrolyzer supplier for a 230-megawatt project for a
leading fertilizer producer that will serve as a benchmark for large PEM scale electrolysis globally.

We signed a joint venture with Sinopec Enze Fund in June, which will accelerate the affordability and
availability of green hydrogen in China through development of hydrogen-generation projects and
increasing manufacturing capacity of electrolyzers and other key products in the green hydrogen supply
chain. As one of the largest hydrogen suppliers in China, Sinopec's annual hydrogen production reaches
3.5 million tonnes, accounting for 14% of total -- China's total hydrogen production. China's embrace of
green hydrogen is great for the planet. And Cummins and Sinopec joining together to realize the potential
of green hydrogen is a huge leap forward for scaling our innovative PEM electrolyzer systems.

We recently announced a strategic collaboration with Chevron to develop commercially viable business
opportunities in hydrogen and other alternative energy sources. The MOU provides the framework for
Chevron and Cummins to initially collaborate on 4 main objectives: first, advancing public policy that
promotes hydrogen as a decarbonizing solution for transportation and industry; building market demand
for commercial vehicles and industrial applications powered by hydrogen; developing infrastructure to
support the use of hydrogen for industry and fuel cell vehicles; and fourth, exploring opportunities to
leverage Cummins' electrolyzer and fuel cell technologies at one or more of Chevron's domestic refineries.

The partnership with Chevron allows us to scale low-carbon fuel delivery and build hydrogen corridors for
use by fuel cell vehicles. In addition, we can work with Chevron to decarbonize parts of their operations
using our green hydrogen technology. Finally, last week, Cummins announced the signing of an MOU
with Air Products to work together to begin the transition of Air Products' heavy-duty tractor fleet to zero
emissions vehicles in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Cummins will provide hydrogen fuel cell electric
powertrains integrated into selective -- selected OEM partners' heavy-duty trucks for use by Air Products.
The project will take a phased approach to transition Air Products' fleet to hydrogen fuel cell electric
powertrains, starting with 5 demonstration units to be delivered in Europe and North America by the end
of next year.

Following successful demonstration, the project includes ramp-ups, which were -- was a total of 2,000
trucks to be delivered by the middle of the decade. This represents among the largest orders for fuel
cell vehicles to date, and we will be working with a partner that has deep expertise in the generation,
transportation and use of hydrogen.

We've now deployed more than 2,000 fuel cells and 600 electrolyzers around the world as we continue
the development of our hydrogen business. In addition to accelerating our revenue momentum via these
important strategic ownerships, we are also building out our electrolyzer capacity, targeting the regions
which we expect to be at the forefront of green hydrogen production and commercial adoption.

Site selection search within the Guadalajara area of Castilla-La Mancha in Spain is currently underway for
Cummins' new approximately $60 million PEM electrolyzer manufacturing plant that will house system
assembly and testing for approximately 500 megawatts per year of electrolyzer reduction and will be
scalable to more than 1 gigawatt per year. Cummins NZ, the JV we signed in conjunction with Sinopec,
will be located in Foshan, Guangdong province in China. The JV will initially invest $47 million to locate a
manufacturing plant to produce PEM electrolyzers.

The plant will open with a manufacturing capacity of 500 megawatts of electrolyzers per year but will also
be scalable to more than 1 gigawatt per year. These investments, in addition to our build-outs underway
at our current facilities in Belgium and Canada, will position us to have nearly 2 gigawatts of capacity by
the middle of the decade with the flexibility to scale up as demand accelerates.

In the battery electric space, we continue to produce and sell fully electric powertrains in first-mover
markets such as transit, school bus and yard spotters. Cummins is collaborating with PepsiCo's Frito-Lay
on a battery electric demonstration truck for a pickup and delivery application that has been running daily
routes since last November. This truck will be showcased at the upcoming North American Council for
freight efficiencies electric truck demonstration.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

We are well positioned with our deep market expertise in electric powertrain technology and are
continuously evaluating how we can adapt and improve to meet customer demand and market trends as
the technology matures. This includes next-generation battery electric systems to balance the durability
needs of our customers while focusing on delivering products at a compelling price point. We are also
continuing to explore new partnerships to enhance our capabilities, improve our cost position and drive
more volume and scale into the business.

In addition to these important milestones for our New Power business, we are investing in our Engine and
Components businesses to develop advanced diesel and alternative fuel products, which will be critical
to meeting customer and regulatory requirements in the coming years. We announced the signing of
an LOI to acquire a 50% equity interest in Momentum Fuel Technologies. The joint venture between
Rush Enterprises and Cummins will produce Cummins-branded natural gas fuel delivery systems for the
commercial vehicle market in North America, combining the strength of Momentum Fuel Technologies'
compressed natural gas fuel delivery systems, Cummins' powertrain expertise and the engineering and
support infrastructure of both companies.

We have seen increasing interest over last year and expect natural gas powertrains to become an
increasingly popular choice for end users due to both a compelling total cost of ownership as well as the
environmental benefit of such powertrains, especially when utilizing renewable natural gas sources.

We also began testing of a hydrogen-fueled internal combustion engine for heavy-duty truck applications,
building on Cummins' existing technology leadership in gaseous fuel applications and powertrain
leadership to create a new power solution to help customers meet the energy environmental needs of the
future. The hydrogen engine program can potentially expand the technology options available to achieve
a more sustainable transport sector, complementing our capabilities in hydrogen fuel cell, battery electric
and renewable gas powertrains.

We are committed to bringing customers the right solution at the right time. Doing so requires us to
maintain a broad portfolio of power solutions to meet our diverse customers' needs and to minimize total
carbon emissions throughout the energy transition.

Now I'll comment on the overall company performance for the second quarter of 2021 and cover some
of our key markets, starting with North America before moving on to our largest international markets.
Revenues for the second quarter of 2021 were $6.1 billion, an increase of 59% compared to the second
quarter of 2020. EBITDA was $974 million or 15.9% compared to $549 million or 14.3% a year ago.
EBITDA increased as a result of stronger global demand and higher joint venture income, partly offset by
significantly higher premium freight and other costs associated with supply chain disruptions in addition to
higher compensation costs.

Our global markets experienced an unprecedented shock from the impact of COVID-19 during the second
quarter of last year. And while we have been encouraged by the ongoing recovery across all of our global
markets, our industry continues to experience significant constraints across the supply chain, leading to
an extended period of inefficiencies and higher costs. Despite these supply chain impacts though, we are
continuing to deliver strong financial performance while supporting our customers. The ability to supply
our customers remains our key focus now. And while we are optimistic that the supply chain constraints
will ease with time, they are likely to persist through the end of the year.

Our second quarter revenues in North America grew 74% to $3.5 billion, driven by high -- higher industry
build rates across all on-highway markets. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks in the second quarter
was 67,000 units, an increase of 180% from 2020 levels. While our heavy-duty unit sales were 23,000, an
increase of 217% from 2020. Industry production of medium-duty trucks was 29,000 units in the second
quarter of 2021, an increase of 94% from 2020 levels while our unit sales were 22,000 units, an increase
of 85% from 2020. We shipped 42,000 engines to Stellantis for use in their Ram pickups in the second
quarter of 2021, an increase of 272% from 2020 levels. Revenues for power generation grew by 48% due
to higher demand in recreational vehicle, standby power and data center markets.

Our international revenues increased by 42% in the second quarter of 2021 compared to a year ago.
Second quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $2.1 billion, an increase of 8% due to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

higher sales in power generation and mining markets. We also experienced a higher penetration rate with
our joint venture partners in the heavy and medium-duty on-highway markets as they prepare for broader
implementation of NS VI in July of this year. Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China
was 566,000 units, a decrease of 4% but still well above replacement, driven by continued prebuy of NS V
trucks, ahead of the broader implementation of the new NS VI standards in July of this year. Our sales in
units, including joint ventures, were 85,000 units, a decrease of 5% versus the second quarter of 2020.

The light-duty market in China decreased 8% from 2020 levels to 614,000 units, while our units sold,
including joint ventures, were 38,000, a decrease of 28%, driven by supply chain constraints, particularly
in these lighter displacement vehicles. Industry demand for excavators in the second quarter was 97,000
units, a decrease of 5% from very high 2020 levels. Our units sold were 16,800 units, a decrease of 7%.

The demand for power generation equipment in China increased 47% in the second quarter, driven by
growth in data center markets and other standby power markets. We continue to hold a leading market
position in the data center segment, driven by strong end-user relationships and a compelling product
offering in that space.

Second quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $392 million, an increase of 219% from
the second quarter of 2020 despite experiencing a terrible second wave of COVID-19 during this period.
Industry truck production increased by 468% while our shipments increased 535% as our joint venture
partner continued to gain share. Demand for power generation and construction equipment rebounded
strongly in the second quarter compared to a very low base a year ago. We remain encouraged by the
continued economic recovery, driven by anticipated government infrastructure spending.

In Brazil, our revenues increased 175%, driven by increased demand in most end markets.

Now let me quickly cover our outlook for 2021. Based on our current forecast, we are maintaining full year
2021 revenue guidance of up 20% to 24% versus last year. EBITDA is still expected to be in the range of
15.5% to 16%. And the company expects to return 75% of operating cash flow to shareholders in 2021 in
the form of dividend and share repurchases. And summing up the quarter, strong demand across many of
our key markets drove continued sales growth in the second quarter and resulted in solid profitability. We
have secured important new partnerships in our New Power segment. At the same time, we continue to
invest in bringing new technologies to customers, outgrowing our end markets and providing strong cash
returns to our shareholders.

Before passing it over to Mark, I want to take a moment to highlight an important announcement we
included in our earnings press release this morning regarding our exploration of our strategic alternatives
for the Filtration business. Cummins Filtration is a premier filtration platform and a technology leader
specializing in filtration products used in heavy-, medium-duty and light-duty trucks, industrial equipment
and power generation systems. The business generated revenues of approximately $1.2 billion in 2020
and remains well positioned for continued growth, sustained margin performance and strong free cash
flow generation.

Cummins Filtration has a strong global footprint with leading positions in North America, India and China
and a significant presence in other key markets supported by long-standing local partnerships. We are
exploring a range of options to unlock significant shareholder value, including the separation of Filtration
into a stand-alone company with a dedicated management team, who are well positioned to drive the
business forward and diversify its business, leveraging its strong technology portfolio and footprint. The
execution of this exploration process is dependent upon business and market conditions, of course, along
with a number of other factors and considerations.

And any costs associated with the evaluation of these alternatives for the Filtration business has been
excluded from our financial outlook. We plan to share a lot more about this and other elements of our
strategy during our Analyst Day on February 23. Our purpose in delaying this event from November this
year until spring is to be able to hold it in person, and we will provide more details as we get closer to the
February 23 date.

Thank you for your time today, and let me turn it over to Mark.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. There are 4 key takeaways from our second quarter
operating results. First, underlying demand remains strong, outpacing supply and increasing backlogs in
some of our largest markets. Number two, global supply chains remain constrained due to the elevated
levels of demand and complications arising from COVID, resulting in higher premium freight costs and
other associated inefficiencies than we anticipated 3 months ago.

We delivered solid profitability and cash flows in the first half of the year despite the continued cost
headwinds associated with tight supply chain. And for the full year, we are maintaining our revenue and
profitability guidance. And fourthly, we returned $860 million to shareholders in the quarter through cash
dividends and share repurchases and $1.48 billion for the first half of the year, consistent with our plan to
return 75% of operating cash flow to shareholders this year.

Now let me go into more details on the second quarter. Second quarter revenues were $6.1 billion, an
increase of 59% from a year ago when the impact of COVID-19 was at its most severe. Sales in North
America grew 74% and international revenues rose 42%. Currency positively impacted revenues by 3%,
driven primarily by a weaker U.S. dollar.

EBITDA was $974 million or 15.9% of sales for the quarter compared to $549 million or 14.3% of sales
a year ago. EBITDA increased primarily due to the benefits of higher volumes and stronger earnings
from our joint ventures in China and India, partially offset by higher product coverage costs and higher
compensation expenses, primarily variable compensation.

Gross margin of $1.5 billion or 24.2% of sales increased by $588 million or 110 basis points, primarily
driven by the higher volumes. Global supply chain tightness continued in the second quarter and resulted
in approximately $100 million of additional freight, labor and logistics costs. We expect these costs to
remain elevated in the second half of the year with demand projected to remain strong, supply tight and
some increase in logistics and transportation costs.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $130 million or 28% due to higher
compensation expenses. And research expenses increased by $87 million or 46% from a year ago. As a
reminder, due to the significant uncertainty at the onset of COVID-19, we implemented temporary salary
reductions in April of last year that lasted through the end of September last year. Salary reductions
resulted in approximately $75 million of pretax savings for the company in the second quarter of 2020
across gross margin, selling, admin and research expenses.

In addition, our variable compensation plan worked as designed, flexing down in the face of weaker
economic conditions last year and flexing up with stronger financial performance this year. All operating
segments experienced higher compensation costs than a year ago for these 2 primary reasons.

Joint venture income was $137 million in the second quarter, up from $115 million a year ago. Strong
demand for trucks and construction equipment in China as well as a broad recovery in other international
markets led to the improved profitability versus a year ago. Other income increased by $30 million from
a year ago due to a number of positive items, including a onetime $18 million gain on the sale of some
land in India, which benefited our Distribution segment. Net earnings for the quarter were $600 million
or $4.10 per diluted share compared to $276 million or $1.86 from a year ago, primarily due to stronger
after-tax earnings driven by stronger volumes. The gain on the sale of land in India contributed $0.05 of
earnings per share this quarter. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 21.4%.

Operating cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $616 million compared to an outflow of $22 million
a year ago. Stronger earnings and dividends received from joint ventures more than offset increases in
working capital.

I'll now comment on segment performance and our guidance for 2021, which is unchanged from 3 months
ago. For the Engine segment, second quarter revenues increased by 75%, driven by increased demand
for trucks in the U.S. and construction equipment in U.S. and Europe. EBITDA increased from 10.5% to
16.1% of sales, primarily driven by higher volumes and lower product coverage expense, which more than

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

offset higher costs and inefficiencies associated with global supply chain challenges. And although supply
chain costs in this segment remain elevated from a year ago, they did improve a little from first quarter
levels.

We expect full year revenues to be up 23% to 27% and EBITDA margins to be in the range of 14.5% to
15% for the Engine segment.

In Distribution, revenues increased 20% from a year ago. And EBITDA increased as a percent of sales
from 10% to 10.5%, primarily due to stronger performance in North America. We have maintained our
outlook for segment revenue growth to be up 6% to 10% and EBITDA margins to be 9% at the midpoint
of our guidance.

In the Components business, revenues increased 73% in the second quarter, driven primarily by stronger
demand for trucks in North America. EBITDA increased from 12.3% of sales to 15.1% due to the benefits
of stronger volumes, partially offset by higher product coverage costs. For the full year 2021, we expect
Components revenue to increase 30% to 34% and EBITDA to be 17% at the midpoint.

In the Power Systems segment, revenues increased 47% in the second quarter, driven by stronger global
demand for power generation and mining equipment. EBITDA increased from 11.7% to 12.2% of sales,
primarily due to the benefits of higher volumes and lower product coverage expenses. We are maintaining
our Power Systems guidance of revenues up 16% to 20% and EBITDA margin in the range of 11% to
11.5% of sales.

In the New Power segment, revenues increased to $24 million, up 140% due to stronger sales of
battery electric systems and fuel cells. EBITDA losses for the quarter were $60 million, in line with our
expectations as we continue to invest in new products and scale up ahead of widespread adoption of the
new technologies. For full year, we currently project New Power revenues of $110 million to $130 million
and EBITDA losses to be in the range of $190 million to $210 million.

Total company guidance remains unchanged, with revenues to grow between 20% and 24% and EBITDA
margin to be between 15.5% and 16% for the full year. EBITDA percent for the first half of the year was
16%. Some of the key factors expected to influence second half profitability are the pace of improvement
in truck production in North America, the rate of decline in demand in China and the performance of the
global supply chain. We now expect earnings from joint ventures to be up 10% in 2021 compared to
our prior year guidance of down 5%. Stronger-than-expected demand in China truck and construction
markets, especially in the second quarter, is the primary reason for the increase in our forecast.

Joint venture earnings are expected to ease in the second half of the year with industry truck sales
expected to decline following the broader adoption of the new National Standard VI on highway emissions
regulations in China in July. And we also anticipate a softening of demand for construction equipment
coming off all-time high levels in the first half of the year.

Our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 21.5%, excluding discrete items, down from our
prior guidance of 22.5%. Due to the mix of geographic earnings, CapEx -- capital expenditures were $125
million in the quarter, up from $77 million a year ago. And we expect our full year capital expenditures to
be at the high end of our range of $725 million to $775 million for the full year.

We returned $869 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the second
quarter, bringing our total cash returns to $1.48 billion for the first half. Excuse me for my dry throat. To
summarize, we delivered strong results in the second quarter despite continued supply chain constraints
and elevated costs. Demand currently exceeds supply in a number of important markets, pointing to
strong demand for our products into 2022.

I want to thank our global employees for their ongoing commitment to meet the needs of our customers
while delivering solid financial performance. We continue to extend our leadership position through
advancing the technologies that power the profitability of our customers today and will continue to do
so for some time to come. This sets the company up to further increase the earnings power of our core
business while we continue to invest in a range of new technologies and develop new partnerships that
position the company for additional growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Our strong balance sheet focused on improving performance cycle-over-cycle and consistent cash flow
generation means that we can sustain important investments for the future through periods of economic
uncertainty and distribute excess cash to shareholders.

Thank you for your interest. Now I'll turn it back over to Jack.

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor Relations
Thank you, Mark. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready for our first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Nice quarter. I guess, Tom, a couple of more strategic questions. Just on the Filtration business, can you
remind us where the margins of this business are and just your thoughts on timing and what this business
could achieve as a stand-alone public company versus being part of Cummins? Or is it more likely that this
asset would be interesting to someone else?

And then I guess my second question, I appreciate a lot of the color that you spent on New Power systems
and some of the relationships that have emerged. I'm just wondering, as you're thinking about this
business today, a lot of the growth obviously has been organic. Is there an inorganic opportunity here
within New Power systems over the next sort of 12 to 18 months that could potentially perhaps accelerate
where this business would go longer term in terms of earning a profit, et cetera, or in technology?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Jamie. So let me start with your Filtration question first. The answer is that the profitability of
Filtration is pretty much in line with the Components business. The segment and the business are very
similar. And the strategic logic is simple. It's a great business, by the way, very profitable, great cash flow,
a terrific leadership team. And we've done a lot of improvement in that business over the last few years,
which has really improved its financial performance as well as its operating performance.

And so we're -- we feel like it's operating on all cylinders, really, just for an engine analogy there. But
the challenge is that looking forward, the opportunities to grow shareholder value look primarily to us in
diversification. The number of technology innovations for the truck business or for our end markets look
like they're limited in front of us. Whereas the opportunities to take that technology platform and global
footprint to other filtration segments look significant. And when we think about using our shareholders'
capital to invest in those other segments, the logic isn't as clear.

What is clear, though, that the company has come to a size and performance level now where we think it
can stand on its own or it could be part of a big -- another bigger company that plans more diversification
in other end markets. We are looking at all those options. We're exploring everything from a sale to a spin
to a -- to some other kind of strategic option. What we want to do most of all, though, is realize value for
common shareholders. We know that when we're the best owner and can make the most of the assets,
we're going to do that.

And when we're no longer the best owner, then we need to confront that, too. And that's what we're trying
to do here is just create value for shareholders and be direct about it. Again, it's -- the business is doing
great. The management team is outstanding. We're really proud of the achievements of that business. We
just think it can operate separately from us more effectively going forward.

Then with regard to New Power, and thanks for your comments on the strategic milestones, we have
achieved a lot already. And we are exploring organic/inorganic partnership options all the time. It is such
a fast-moving area. There's so much development to do in infrastructure. Just the product technology,
the availability of fuel, there's so much to do to decarbonize the automotive industry, no less all the
other commercial industrial industries that we're in, that there's no lack of potential partnerships and
opportunities.

We are, though, scanning always for inorganic options, too. As you know, some of the valuations were
elevated to a point where they were really just almost silly. But that said, that isn't always true now. And
we are always scanning for acquisitions that we think can position us strategically more -- better position

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

us from a scale point of view. And you heard me mention that in our battery electric section that there is
a scale advantage to be gained both in hydrogen and electric. If we can get enough volume on some of
those products, we can drive down costs significantly. That depends in part on whether the technology
is viable in the application or not. And that's why we're doing so much focus on what are the first-mover
markets and where can we actually get scale. And then if we can do that and an acquisition can help, we'll
do it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'm sorry. I hit mute, but I didn't see it. Apologies. Maybe a little bit more color on JV income. I know
in your comments, you said that most of the raise in the JV income was on the back of Q2 China
performance. But just beyond that, maybe you'd walk us through the JV income. And maybe a little
bit more color on India JV income and fully consolidated, just what you're seeing there from the
fundamentals, so that would be helpful.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Thanks, Ann. Yes, so we delivered about just over $300 million of JV income in the first half of the year,
which was up from $244 million a year ago. And we're expecting that first half performance to drop off
between 30% and 40%. But the midpoint of the guidance were down to hundred -- just under $200
million of earnings in the second half of the year. We have started to see some slowing of orders for
both construction and truck. It's too early to say yet with absolute conviction where we'll end up for the
year, but that's our latest forecast. In India, underlying demand, we think, is robust, but it's been very
complicated there with the COVID situation. So yes, we think India earnings should improve. China, of
course, is a bigger contributor across [Audio Gap]

Operator

Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Nice to hear -- really nice to hear about the Sinopec partnership. I'm wondering if you could just give us
an update on what the order bookings for electrolyzers were for you folks in the quarter? And if you can
just talk to us about the size of that pipeline and when do we expect the additional bookings as we look
out?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

We haven't reported bookings from electrolyzer markets. What I can do, though, is take that in as
something you'd like to see and start to see if we can publish those, that data.

But we have not been doing that, so I can't really answer your question on bookings for the quarter. But
what I can say is that, as I mentioned in my announcement, that the project that we've got planned with
Iberdrola in Spain for the fertilizer will be the largest of its kind. And so we are seeing significant ramp-
up already, especially in Europe. That's where, in Europe, there's the combination of low-cost renewable
power, combined with European money supporting projects that decarbonize industrial uses of hydrogen,
is really driving -- is the primary driver of demand. And we see some of that now beginning to form in
China, same idea, decarbonizing industrial uses of hydrogen.

So there's already big consumers of hydrogen. They already -- people already buy a lot, but it's produced
using natural gas through SMR. And this supply chain, this green hydrogen supply chain takes renewable

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

power through a PEM electrolyzer like ours and then turns it -- makes the hydrogen low carbon or zero
carbon. And that's kind of the biggest drive for electrolyzers today.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then I'm wondering on the hydrogen truck announcement with Air Products. Can you just talk
about your anticipated business model on the initial hydrogen truck orders? Is it going to be primarily
retrofit? Or are there any OEM partnerships that you can talk about? How is that business model evolving
versus your traditional powertrains?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Our -- we think the business model is going to be very similar. These are not retrofit vehicles. These
are vehicles which will be built for purpose to have fuel cell electric vehicle powertrains. As you guessed,
the big development area there is to have electric infrastructure in the truck already. And then when
you -- then you can put the fuel cell in and take advantage of the electric powertrain or the electric
infrastructure in the truck.

And that's still under development. Most of the trucks that we put out now, the electric infrastructure is
either a prototype version or is -- has not been fully productionized yet. And I'd say our early versions
will still be that. But truck makers are electrifying vehicles at a reasonably rapid rate, at least for -- in
relatively small volumes. So we expect those platforms to improve over time. And we will be forming
partnerships with OEMs to deliver those trucks. And my view is that the reason you haven't seen more
partnerships already is there just isn't very much demand. So -- and everyone is trying to figure out what
to do with their scarce engineering resources.

Do I use them on developing advanced diesel, natural gas, renewable natural gas, electric, fuel cell
electric? And since I can't do all at once, which ones do I do first, second and third? So we believe that
truck makers will be ready to work with us on fuel cell vehicles when there's demand. So that's why we're
excited about an end-user like Air Products, high-quality company, knows hydrogen really well, wants to
make their fleet fuel cells. So I think that's going to increase truck makers' interest in trying to figure out
how to fulfill this order.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Trying to think about the supply chain and your ability to react to it with pricing. When you look at the
second half of the year and you sort of made a comment we should expect continued constraints through
the end of the year, what are you hearing from the supply chain about the early part of '22 that makes
you feel more comfortable in your ability to price into that market in '22?

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Yes. David, Jennifer here. I'll comment a little bit about what we're seeing right now. As you heard from
Mark and Tom, and it's happening across the industry supply chain and really ramping up to keep up with
the demand we see in this for the aftermarket has paced our ability to supply it. Just -- our teams have
done a phenomenal job working closely with customers and suppliers and to minimize that impact to
deliver the results that we did in the second quarter.

We see that easing in many places quarter-over-quarter, so improving through the back half of the year
and into '22. Microprocessors, like others in our industry and other industries, continues to be the biggest
constraint. Our demands are relatively small in the broader picture of microprocessor supply. And we had
expected to see some improvement in June. With COVID in Malaysia, that's delayed slightly. But that,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

we think, will ease in the second half of the year. So we're -- see an improvement in the second half end
markets as we see the supply chains ease.

From a price perspective, right now, we're anticipating our price to cost to be 30 basis points favorable
for this year. And that is down from 40 to 50 basis points positive in our prior guidance really because of
those increased costs that we're seeing in materials, logistics and premium freight. And we are working to
mitigate that with some of our contractual things on the material side, hedging and also looking at pricing
and surcharges where possible in [ first goods ] and aftermarket. So we won't comment more on '22 at
this point, but we do expect to see some improvements both in cost coming down and getting some more
recovery into the second half of the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just wanted to follow up that discussion about some of the costs. I know we talked about $105 million of
costs in the first quarter related to logistics, and it sounds like they're coming down a little bit. Wonder if
you can quantify that, what you experienced in the second quarter and where you see that going in the
next couple of quarters?

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Yes. So we did see those costs come down slightly in the second quarter. Our end of business cost
improved more. But we saw some increase in the Components and the Power Systems business due to
some issues that came into that business. And we do expect that to improve again each quarter in the
second half of the year although we're projecting $295 million in incremental logistics costs for the full
year, which is $105 million more than our prior guidance just based on what we're seeing.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Maybe just to say one more word about that. I think like a lot of companies, the continued outbreaks of
COVID around the world and now the delta variant just keep throwing more curveballs into the system
because we see labor shortages, we see other things. And so some of these costs, as Jen mentioned, we'd
expected it to go from $100 million in the first quarter to $30 million in the second quarter and then be
gone. And so now we're about talking almost hundred -- almost $300 million for the year. So that just -- I
want to be clear. That's a big hit to what we really generally expected.

The thing, I guess, I wanted to highlight is that our company continues to earn good margins despite
that by finding other ways to do it. We've been able to price in the aftermarket, and we still have a big
opportunity going forward in that. We're -- as Jen said, we'll be able to add material cost adjustments to
our -- contractually as we move forward, roll forward in the quarter. And just the sheer effort by our teams
to get products out at the least cost as we can, I think -- and in fact, so therefore, we get revenue up,
which includes -- which improves our incremental margins in the plant.

And so I guess we're kind of running up and down the escalator, if you will, and doing a decent job of it.
And so as those things start to get better and even in the markets where we're still seeing disruptions, our
supply base gets better at operating under the same lousy conditions if they stay stable. Even stable lousy
is better than changing all the time. So all of them are doing better, and so we are seeing improvement.
It's just wherever the new flare up is, is where we're seeing the cost being driven.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Makes sense. And then just maybe a follow-up on China. I know you're anticipating the weakness in
the second half. I'm wondering if you are sensing any policy tides turning more positively there and a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

bigger picture that may influence sort of infrastructure spending and demand for trucks and construction
equipment that might make your kind of second half weakness somewhat of a lagging indicator actually.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Yes. It's a good question. As a Chinese policy prognosticator, I would be, of course, fired immediately.
But I'll just say this, that I believe, based on my conversations with government officials, that they are
concerned about where the economy is and are going to continue to try to figure out ways to boost
economic activity, especially given what's happening internationally to demand. So I do think it's entirely
possible. We'll see government responses to try to keep business moving during this time. And to your
point, that might offset some of what we see as sort of structural issues like the changing of the emission
standards and the price increases of trucks.

We don't -- the signals aren't evident to us yet, but that doesn't mean it won't happen. And we've been
talking about this all year. Like we called this wrong before. We've said China is going to fall off a lot and
then it hasn't. And we said the reverse. China is going to grow a lot, and then it fell off some. So what we
think is that generally speaking, with this emissions change, prices are going to go up.

People bought a lot of trucks last year -- second half of last year, first half of this year. So we see
diminishing demand -- and not just trucks, also excavators. We see diminishing demand as the most likely
expectation, and we are beginning to see signs of that. And so even if the policy started to change now,
I think we'd still see some demand drops in at least the third quarter and the fourth quarter until those
things start to take effect.

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

I'll just add, we feel really well positioned with the products that we're launching in China this year for
the NS VI emission. So as that does take effect and customers start to buy, we think we have really good
products out there that will position us well in the market. And of course, we also have some outgrowth
in the Components business with both aftertreatment and transmissions that we'll start to see increasing
there. So we're feeling good about where we are in that market.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

Can you hear me okay?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Ross.

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

I wanted to go back to your hydrogen event that you hosted earlier in the year and the target you had for,
I think it was $400 million in electrolyzer sales within 5 years. Correct me if I have that wrong. But I'm
just wondering if all the wins, all the collaborations you've announced, like do you already feel like you've
got wins in hand that take you to that target within 5 years?

And is there an upside case based on collaborations already announced that takes this to, say, $1 billion in
5 years? I mean I realize all this is fluid and subject to very unpredictable timing issues and so forth. But
it seems like you've got a lot in the hopper there already and just wondering like how much visibility you
even have on that target at this point?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Yes. It's a great question, Ross. The answer is it depends on if I give you the answer from a CEO of a 100-
year-old engine company or from a new start-up. The CEO of an old engine company says, we don't have
the orders in hand yet because I think of orders as actual orders. But to your point, though, we project
that the sum of these partnerships and where we see this decarbonizing of industries using hydrogen
already will take our demand significantly over our estimate we gave at the Hydrogen Day.

Again, the orders are in hand. They depend on European money and all these things, all of which has
been promised, but it's not all done, right? So -- and the same thing in China. There's projected policy
investments that will encourage green hydrogen, but the orders aren't there yet. So that's why when
you ask like, do you have orders in hand? The engine guy says, no. But if you ask me as the CEO of New
Power, I'd say, I feel really good about it and I think we're going to exceed our target significantly.

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just kind of nearer term, also just based on everything you've announced,
when do we see like a real inflection in sort of the quarterly run rate revenue for New Power? I mean you
kept your outlook unchanged for this year. I realize all these things take a lot of time. But do we see like
a meaningful step-up do you think in just sort of the quarterly run rate into next year at some point in
2022?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Let us hold on our 2022 guidance until we get there. But basically, what we think the revenue guidance is
going to be driven by most is this electrolyzer demand. This is the thing that's kind of going the fastest.
Everything else is moving. You know that. These are moving. Fuel cell trucks are moving just as I said.
But to your point, those are all being driven by costs coming down, infrastructure being built, all of which
takes a long time. The electrolyzer demand is the thing that's right in front of us.

So if we can get the projects locked down, all the European money subsidies in place, as you heard from
my remarks, we are building the capacity to produce these units. What that means with regard to the
quarters of 2022, we have some work yet to do to do that. I'd like to tell you, yes, but I think we need
to do the work, and we need to see some of these projects locked down before we say to ourselves, it's
exactly this quarter and that quarter. So give us some time to work that, but I understand the question
well, and we'll definitely give you visibility to that as we get it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

I had a couple. And thank you, Tom, for the overview on the New Power stock. I understand the
comments on old versus new world, but I was hoping you have the updates. Can I ask -- I don't know if
you're willing to, but if you were to go a step further, could you characterize how strong you feel on your
-- I mean you have a lot of things you can choose to invest in, whether it's drivetrains, motors, whether
it's electrolyzer, whether it's fuel cells, whether it's batteries, et cetera. Are you leading in some of those
and sort of keeping up in the others? And maybe you can show us where you feel most confident? Then I
have a question on engines as well.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Yes. That is definitely a longer conversation about each technology area where we're leading and where
we're not, which would be significantly disputed by other competitors in the industry, I'm sure, Rob. Let's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

just -- let me say it this way. I think that we have a position in the market, which has been built over
a long time, where we understand the applications as well or better than anybody in the industry. We
understand the technical ways in which the applications demand power from the powertrain. That gives us
a significant advantage in developing whatever powertrain ends up winning because we understand what it
actually has to do.

Second thing I'd say is that we've invested significantly in both hydrogen fuel cells and battery electric
fuel powertrains, meaning that we have as much experience, technology, investment as anybody in
the industry, not in straight battery cells or that kind of thing but in the application of those units to
commercial vehicles. So we're not behind anybody who is in commercial industrial end markets. So I
believe that we have -- we are well positioned. But I also think the industry is moving quickly.

As I said in my remarks, where the strategic advantage will be gained will depend not only on the product
development, but on where the infrastructure is, where -- what the cost of electricity is versus the cost
of hydrogen, a whole bunch of other factors that require us and other industry participants to be pretty
nimble about how you think about what products are going to win and how advantage is going to be
created. So that's why I think it's important for us to say, we like these investments, we feel like we're
at the forefront of all of them. But we also need to keep thinking about where the puck is moving to and
make sure we're thinking about how to get advantage.

That's a little bit why you heard my comments on investing in low-carbon engine technologies. Because
right now, we can produce hybrid diesel engines and hybrid and natural gas engines at significantly lower
cost than either BEV or fuel cell powertrains that are significant improvements in both carbon and criteria
pollutants. That's worth a lot to either, depending on whether you're an EPA or a regulator or you're a
customer, I know how to use those. They're a lot cheaper. I understand how to fuel them and operate
them. And meanwhile, they still significantly -- their positive impact on the environment. So that's why I
think we're trying to make sure that we stay at the forefront of all these and not just plop down a bet in
one big pile on one place because I think that's not a winning strategy in this market.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

All right. That was a helpful answer. And I don't know if this will be another tough one. But on the flip side,
you guys have the opportunity to provide your expertise and scale in the last stages of diesel engines. And
you've done it a little bit, I guess, in medium-duty already.

How do we, on our side of the fence, think about what happens? You see some of the mandates coming
forward in time on auto. That's a whole lot easier to do than on truck, I understand. Should we just expect
maybe there's a big announcement and we all kind of guess as to how long the tail end of diesel is? Or are
there -- are you willing to do that? Or is there a risk sharing? Or I don't know if you're willing to sort of
characterize how those investments may go. And I will stop there.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Yes, Rob, thanks for that. It's a great question. Our view is that the tail end of diesel will be a lot
longer than people expected. And that's not because we have some -- we sit around and hope for the
preservation of diesel. It's because the diesel market is so complicated. There's so many applications, 100
years of applications. And it's not like the cars where there's just one application. There's hundreds and --
or thousands. And each one of them has unique demands and scale is very difficult to achieve in some of
these. And so we see the demand for diesel lasting a long time.

And that's why this investment in both helping customers that are trying to move out of diesel as well
as trying to think through how do we invest in those technologies to decarbonize through renewable
natural gas or hydrogen, ICE engines or hybrids or other things, is a good investment because it allows
these applications to move down the carbon curve, have less carbon out, lower criteria pollutants in an
engineering way that's going to drive -- and cost way that's going to drive utilization. And people are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

going to actually use it and not just delay purchases. So we think both for regulators and for customers,
that's a good investment. And that curve is likely to last a long time.

And the answer about how long is, unfortunately, for people that want a simple answer, it depends on
how -- it's complicated. It will last a really long time if you mean all of them. If you mean like the one
truck application at the largest volume, that might happen sooner than the last unusual kind of truck
that's a very small volume. But the accumulation of all those curves of all those applications means
diesel is around a long time. And so -- and these new applications, the lower carbon ones are going to be
introduced starting now and all the way through the 2030s.

Operator

We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the call over to
management for closing remarks.

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor Relations
Very good. Thank you. And thank you, everyone, for your interest, as always, in Cummins. We appreciate
your attendance. And that concludes our teleconference today. I will be available, per usual, for questions
after the call. And I hope everyone has a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

