CVS Health Corporation NYSE:CVS
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.79

1.97

Revenue  (mm)

70520.42

73794.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 11:50 AM GMT

10.06

4.64

1.56

7.79

8.23

71880.72

283930.92

296163.98

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.24

1.77

2.07

1.79

1.30

2.04

2.42

1.97

4.84 %

15.25 %

16.91 %

10.06 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS
Caremark

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Neela Montgomery
Executive VP & President of
Pharmacy and Retail

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Susan V. Lisa
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Stephen C. Baxter
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the CVS Health, Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow CVS Health's prepared
remarks, at which point we will review instructions on how to ask your questions. As a reminder, today's
conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Lisa, Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations for CVS Health. Please go ahead.

Susan V. Lisa
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the CVS Health Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.
I'm Susie Lisa, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for CVS Health. I'm joined this morning by
Karen Lynch, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Shawn Guertin, Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer. .

Following our prepared remarks, we will host a question-and-answer session that will include Executive
Vice Presidents, Alan Lotvin, President, Pharmacy Services; Dan Finke, President, Healthcare Benefits;
Neela Montgomery, President, Retail and Pharmacy; and John Roberts, Chief Operating Officer. Our press
release and slide presentation have been posted to our website, along with our Form 10-Q that we filed
with the SEC this morning.

During this call, we will make certain forward-looking statements reflecting our current views related to
our future financial performance, future events, industry and market conditions as well as the expected
consumer benefits of our products and services and our financial projections.

Our forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from what may be indicated in them. We strongly encourage you to review the
information in the reports we file with the SEC regarding these risks and uncertainties and in particular,
those that are described in the cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements and Risk
Factors section in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K this morning's earnings press release and
included in our Form 10-Q.

During this call, we will use non-GAAP financial measures when talking about the company's performance
and financial condition. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find a reconciliation of these non-
GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures in this morning's earnings press release and the
reconciliation document posted on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Today's call is being
broadcast on our website, where it will be archived for 1 year.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Karen.

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Susie, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. CVS Health has
delivered another strong quarter and exceeded expectations. For the third quarter in a row, we are raising
adjusted EPS guidance. .

Throughout 2021, we have made progress executing our strategy to deliver an integrated health care
experience centered around the consumer. We sustained strong revenue growth in each of our core
businesses helped improve health outcomes and reduce costs by broadening access to quality care. We
help fight the pandemic and reach millions of consumers with convenient, accessible care in communities
across America.

During the third quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 10%. This double-digit growth was led by
membership gains in both health care benefits and pharmacy services as well as higher volume in retail.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

We grew adjusted operating income by 12.5%. We generated adjusted earnings per share of $1.97 and
strong cash flow from operations of $5.5 billion. Given these results and our outlook, we are raising our
adjusted earnings per share guidance to $7.90 to $8.

This higher guidance reflects the quarter's out performance and continued positive momentum, which
Shawn will discuss shortly. Third quarter results again demonstrate that our customers value how we bring
together our unique portfolio of assets our deep health care expertise and vast consumer touch points to
meet health needs. There is strong demand for our integrated solutions across the health care continuum,
including health management programs for chronic conditions, mental health support, pharmacy services
and health and wellness products.

We added over 1.3 million new integrated pharmacy and medical members through the 2021 and 2022
selling season. More customers are seeking complementary health services that work together, such as
virtual care. Earlier this year, CVS Health launched the first national Virtual Primary Care program. This
market-leading solution offers a national network of physicians virtually and access to convenient face-to-
face care in our MinuteClinic locations when needed, often with 0 co-pay.

Our program has grown to 30 customer accounts with over 750,000 eligible members as of January
1, 2022. This is an indication of our ability to scale nationally and bring innovative products to the
marketplace. Our customers recognize the importance of CVS Health Care Solutions and the ease of
access we now provide in the community, the home and virtually.

Our high customer retention rates and new business wins are a testament to the strength of our business
model. Health care benefits revenue increased 9.5% year-over-year. Strength in government services
helped drive an adjusted operating income increase of 2.4% versus prior year despite higher costs
related to COVID-19, net of deferred care primarily within our commercial book. We generated sequential
membership growth across all 3 product lines in the quarter: commercial, Medicare and Medicaid. Our
medical benefit ratio of 85.8% was above our expectations, driven by COVID-related costs, primarily
driven by commercial. Underlying non-COVID costs emerged in line with our expectations.

We believe aggregate medical costs will slightly exceed baseline levels for the full year. We produced
strong results in our Medicare business and grew membership both sequentially and year-over-year across
all Medicare products. This reflects our strong product portfolio, Stars performance and reputation for
service excellence.

Year-to-date, Medicare Advantage membership has grown 9.2%. In 2022, we anticipate we will achieve
double-digit growth in individual Medicare and generate strong momentum in dual eligibles. Our strong
performance in Stars continues, as you saw for 2022, with 87% of our members in Star plans rated 4 and
higher, up from 83% in 2021.

In our commercial business, we expect moderate growth in 2022 for national accounts, driven by both
increased sales, which are up approximately 50% year-over-year, and a 95% client retention rate. As we
mentioned earlier this year, we are reentering the individual exchanges in 8 states as of January 2022.

Enrollment began on Monday, and we anticipate our co-branded CVS Aetna offering and benefit design
focused on consumer choice will result in gains of at least 100,000 new members in 2022.

Turning to Pharmacy Services. We delivered third quarter revenue growth of 9.3% and adjusted operating
income growth of 9.5% year-over-year. For the 2022 selling season, we achieved a 98% retention
rate. We drove $10.4 billion of growth new business, resulting in $8.9 billion of net new business wins,
providing evidence of our market-leading trend management, transparency customer service and
integrated offerings.

We continue to be a leader in specialty pharmacy with programs that drive value in the marketplace
provide substantive savings to customers and differentiate us as we pay our programs with digital assets.
We maintained a strong momentum this quarter with specialty revenue up 8.7% versus prior year. our
service excellence and top-tier execution are key areas of differentiation. Our Retail segment continues to
play a critical role as a local health destination for millions of Americans.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Retail outperformed both expectations and the industry in the third quarter. We delivered 10% revenue
growth and 22% adjusted operating income growth year-over-year. Pharmacy sales and prescriptions filled
both increased 8% year-over-year, largely driven by COVID-19 vaccine administration and core pharmacy
services.

Our patient satisfaction scores remain high with approximately 90% satisfied with their experience in our
CVS Health locations. We continue to support millions of Americans for COVID-19 testing and vaccine
administration. We administered 11.6 million COVID-19 vaccines and 8.5 million COVID-19 tests in the
quarter.

Since our program began, we have administered 43 million vaccines and approximately 38 million tests.
We also expanded our digital capabilities to provide universal access to CVS Health vaccination records to
the millions of adults we have vaccinated. This new capability has driven over 1 million visits per month to
vaccination records on cbs.com. This provides another opportunity for us to build deeper engagement with
our customers while simplifying and connecting their health experience.

Front store sales momentum also continued with revenue growth of 13% versus prior year. Front store
sales were led by consumer demand for COVID-19 home testing kits, as well as cough and cold products
with year-over-year volume increases across most front store categories.

Our CVS Health retail presence consistently serves as a strong channel for capturing new lives. In fact,
this year, 12.5% of new COVID-19 testing customers chose to fill new prescriptions or receive a COVID-19
vaccination with CVS Health. Finally, we anticipate a benefit from administering boosters and pediatric
doses to eligible consumers will occur largely in the fourth quarter of this year.

We continue to make measurable progress with our strategy to deliver a superior customer experience and
address the total cost of care. We have focused on several important areas. First, with our unique portfolio
of businesses, we continue to expand our role in care delivery designed around the customer. We are
taking a proactive approach to meeting the emerging needs of customers, clients and communities. We
are improving access, lowering costs and combining local points of care to simplify the consumer health
experience.

We have one of the country's largest network of physician extenders and are able to deliver care locally
with our national footprint. We will continue to drive higher engagement with customers as we evolve the
format of select CVS locations, creating community health destinations, and shifting into 3 distinct models:
sites dedicated to offering primary care services, an enhanced version of health hubs with products and
services designed for everyday health and wellness needs.

Our traditional CVS Pharmacy store model that provides prescription services and health and wellness and
other convenient retail offerings. Our unique combination of businesses and our presence in communities
nationwide enable us to meet consumers where they are to enhance their well-being and to be a bigger
part of their wellness.

Next, we are further strengthening the consumer experience through the expansion of digital services
and platforms that connect to health services and in-person channels for our more than 35 million unique
digital customers. For example, more than 70% of CVS Pharmacy customers are enrolled in our text
messaging programs today. Within that group this quarter, adherence outreach drove 10% growth in
prescriptions filled. Greater adherence leads to improved health outcomes and lower costs.

In today's hyper-connected digital consumer-driven world, the demand for omni-channel pharmacy
is greater than ever. We continue to modernize our operating systems and enhance the integration of
pharmacy model simplifying consumer interactions and driving further engagement with our customers.
Finally, we continue to invest in our employees as part of our workforce strategy.

Last quarter, we announced the phased increase in the minimum wage to $15 an hour by July 2022. We
invested in modernizing our training programs and technology for our frontline and clinical colleagues.
Despite the tight labor market and anticipation of the higher demand for health services, we strengthened
our workforce in every business. We hired a record number of people in the third quarter to advance open
enrollment and customer service as well as enhance technology and clinical capabilities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Nearly 20,000 pharmacists, pharmacy technicians and nurses recently joined the CVS Health team
supporting flu season as well as COVID-19 vaccinations and testing. Our pharmacists and pharmacy
technicians are an integral part of our overall workforce strategy. We are committed to investing in
our pharmacists, awarding immunization bonuses in the second half of this year. We look forward to
sharing more about our strategy to improve access, quality and customer engagement in Investor Day on
December 9.

Our commitment to shareholders, customers and communities remain steadfast. Health equity is critical
as the pandemic continues to disproportionately impact certain communities. In addition to targeted
vaccine and booster education efforts, we provided 31 million meals this year to people suffering from
food insecurity and invested in 2,800 affordable housing units in 30 cities.

By helping address the social determinants of health, permanent housing can reduce health care costs by
59%. We recently hired our first-ever Chief Health Equity Officer; Dr. Joneigh Khaldun, to build upon our
efforts to advance health equity and better support underserved communities, and our increased wages
and bonuses support our employees, their families and their communities.

For the third quarter in a row, we executed on and exceeded our plan and raised adjusted EPS guidance.
We continue to enhance our diverse portfolio of assets to serve the customer. We are guiding to a strong
year-end, all possible due to the leadership and commitment of our over 300,000 CVS Health colleagues
that bring their heart to every moment of our customers' health.

With that, let me turn it over to Shawn.

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results reflect a continuation of the
strong performance observed in the first half of 2021 and as we exceeded our expectations from both a
revenue, cash flow and adjusted earnings per share basis. These results ensue from our differentiated
portfolio of capabilities and keen focus on operational execution. This momentum in our performance
enables us once again to raise our outlook for 2021.

Starting with the enterprise as a whole. Total revenues of $73.8 billion increased 10% year-over-year with
robust growth in all 3 segments. We reported adjusted operating income of $4.1 billion, a 12.5% increase
versus the prior year. This growth in adjusted operating income was also reflected in the strong cash flow
generation in the third quarter. with year-to-date cash flow from operations now exceeding $14 billion.

Adjusted earnings per share of $1.97 represent a nearly 19% year-over-year increase, generated by our
adjusted operating income growth and lower interest expense resulting from our ongoing de-leveraging
efforts.

Moving to the segments. Health care benefits revenue increased by 9.5% year-over-year, driven by
sustained growth in our Government Services business, slightly offset by the repeal of the health
insurance fee. In the third quarter, we saw Medicaid membership grow sequentially by 67,000 members
across multiple geographies.

Medicare Advantage membership also continued to grow in the quarter, increasing by 42,000 members
sequentially and representing year-over-year growth of 9.8%. Our Medicare Advantage franchise
continues to be a powerful growth engine with Medicare Advantage membership more than doubling since
the third quarter of 2015, representing a 15% compound annual growth rate.

Our attention has now turned to ensuring a successful 2022 annual enrollment period for Medicare, which
began on October 1. While still quite early in that process, we are pleased with what we have seen to
date. Health Care Benefits adjusted operating income grew modestly year-over-year, but fell below our
expectations for the quarter due to higher-than-expected COVID-related medical costs in our commercial
business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

With the surge in nationwide COVID cases emanating from the Delta variant, we experienced higher-than-
expected COVID-related medical costs in August and September. Three key factors drove this difference
versus our expectations. First, commercial COVID inpatient admissions in August and September. Were
in line with the peak levels experienced in January 2021 and were nearly 3x the average of the second
quarter of 2021. Second, COVID testing costs, which we had expected to moderate during the third
quarter, also approached January 2021 levels and were more than 1.5x the average we experienced in the
second quarter. It is critical to recognize the outsized impact of COVID testing on overall claim costs as
testing costs represented approximately 35% of gross COVID costs in the quarter. And finally, while non-
COVID deferred care was better than we had forecast, it was not enough to entirely offset these higher
COVID costs in commercial. The resultant medical benefit ratio for the quarter of 85.8% was above our
forecast and driven almost entirely by the higher-than-expected commercial COVID testing and treatment
costs.

There are 2 important aspects of HCB's third quarter performance to note. One, absent these COVID
dynamics, underlying performance in our commercial book of business continues to be in line with our
expectations. Two, in our government services business, we also saw an increase in COVID treatment and
testing costs, but far less pronounced than in commercial. This lower level of increase was fully offset by
better-than-expected deferred care.

As a result, the overall performance of our Government Services business was in line with expectations.
Wrapping up HCB -- We experienced favorable prior period development in the quarter on both
commercial and government products. Days claims payable of 51 at the end of the third quarter is 3 days
higher sequentially and 2 days above prior year.

While influenced by many factors with the anticipated abatement and COVID-related claims in the fourth
quarter, we would expect DCP to return to a more typical results in Q4.

Overall, we remain comfortable with the adequacy of our reserves. Turning to pharmacy services. Our
ability to deliver sustainable, profitable growth remains clear. 2021 is expected to be the second year of
adjusted operating income growth in excess of 10%.

This sustained growth has been driven by our track record of delivering industry-leading drug trend on
behalf of our clients, our proven industry-leading capabilities, particularly in the specialty pharmacy arena
our outstanding customer service, as reflected by our over 98% renewal rate for 2022.

During the third quarter, pharmacy revenues increased by 9.3% year-over-year, driven by increased
pharmacy claims volume, growth in specialty pharmacy and brand inflation. Total pharmacy membership
increased by 1.6 million lives sequentially, primarily reflecting growth in government programs. Total
pharmacy claims processed grew nearly 7% above the prior year. Nearly half of this growth was
attributable to net new 2021 business with COVID vaccine administration and new therapy prescriptions
also contributing to the year-over-year growth.

Note that new therapy prescriptions were adversely impacted in the third quarter 2020 due to the
pandemic. Pharmacy adjusted operating income exceeded expectations in the quarter, up more than $150
million or 9.5% year-over-year. The 3 major drivers of this increase remain consistent with the second
quarter.

Improved purchasing economics reflecting the products and services of our group purchasing organization
launched in the second quarter of 2020; continued strength in our specialty pharmacy business driven by
340B administration and increased pharmacy claims volumes, both of which were partially tempered by
ongoing but stable client pricing pressure.

Our retail business delivered strong results this quarter, again exceeding expectations. Total revenue of
just under $25 billion increased by $2.3 billion or 10% year-over-year. There are 2 main components to
this increase. Approximately half or $1.2 billion is attributable to the contributions from the more than 11
million COVID vaccines and over 8 million COVID tests we administered combined with strong front store
sales driven by demand for over-the-counter COVID test kits and related treatment categories.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

With this quarter's results, we are now on pace to deliver about 44 million to 49 million COVID vaccines
and 28 million to 33 million COVID tests for full year 2021. The remaining half or 1.1 billion was driven by
a combination of sustained pharmacy growth and broad strength in front store trends across a range of
categories partially offset by continued pharmacy reimbursement pressure. This strong revenue growth,
combined with a 70 basis point improvement in adjusted operating margin, produced adjusted operating
income that exceeded our forecast and drove a year-over-year increase of $300 million. This adjusted
operating income growth driven by COVID testing vaccines and front store sales was partially tempered
by continued pharmacy reimbursement pressure, business investments, including the minimum wage
increase and other performance incentives, and increased staffing to provide expanded levels of service.

Turning to cash flows and the balance sheet. Our liquidity and capital position remained excellent at the
end of the third quarter with cash from operations of $5.5 billion for the quarter and $14.3 billion year-to-
date. Through our proactive liability management transaction in August, we paid down $1.1 billion in net
long-term debt in the quarter.

As of the end of the third quarter 2021, we have repaid a net total of $18.7 billion in long-term debt since
the close of the Aetna transaction. In addition, we returned over $650 million to shareholders through our
quarterly dividend.

Let me now discuss our updated 2021 guidance. As Karen noted earlier, we are raising our full year
adjusted earnings per share guidance range this morning by $0.20 to $7.90 to $8 per share. This increase
reflects the strong performance in pharmacy services and retail, partially offset by expected COVID
pressure in our health care benefits business, specifically in the commercial block.

We are raising our total revenue outlook to $286.5 billion to $290.3 billion and adjusted operating
income outlook to $16.4 billion to $16.6 billion. We are also increasing expected full year cash flow from
operations to a range of $13 billion to $13.5 billion. Note that this increased cash flow forecast is actually
lower than our September year-to-date figure, reflecting expected payments in the fourth quarter that
were accrued in 2020, including FICA taxes and increased minimum loss ratio rebates as well as the timing
of receipts and payments between the third and fourth quarters.

I'll now highlight some key items related to the segments and full year guidance. For the Health Care
Benefits segment, we are lowering our full year adjusted operating income guidance from $5.25 billion
to $5.35 billion to $4.9 billion to $5 billion. We expect the full year medical benefit ratio to be in a range
of 84.4% to 85.6%, or an increase of 30 basis points from our prior range. This reflects the higher-than-
expected commercial COVID medical costs observed in the third quarter and our expectation that these
will continue, although at a lower level into the fourth quarter.

Emerging October operational data indicate that COVID inpatient admissions are tracking at approximately
half the levels of September. Again, it is important to remember the degree to which testing costs are
driving expenses. So while we expect Q4 testing expenses to be lower than Q3, we do not anticipate they
will decline as much as inpatient expense.

Finally, recall the normal seasonality of the Health Care Benefits segment with fourth quarter operating
income typically the lowest of the year driven by deductible satisfaction producing the highest quarterly
medical costs. For pharmacy services, given the continued strength in the quarter and our visibility to
the remainder of the year, we are increasing full year 2021 adjusted operating income guidance to $6.85
billion to $6.94 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 20.5% to 22%.

We anticipate that the strength in third quarter pharmacy services results will largely continue into the
fourth quarter. In the Retail/Long-Term Care segment, we are also increasing our full year 2021 adjusted
operating income guidance to $6.98 billion to $7.07 billion.

As you consider the fourth quarter, I would note that we currently expect vaccinations to continue,
although at a lower rate than the third quarter. We have also contemplated the impact of the CDC's COVID
booster recommendations as well as a modest impact from pediatric vaccinations. We expect testing to
decline modestly in comparison with the levels experienced during the third quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Given Retail's Q3 out-performance and Q4 outlook, we now expect the full year 2021 COVID impact to be
neutral. This compares to our prior guidance in August for an overall modest negative net impact. You will
find further details regarding our updated guidance in the slide presentation we posted to our website this
morning.

As we closed the third quarter, we are very pleased with the performance of our businesses, which
provides us with a strong foundation as we now look ahead to 2022. While we plan to share more details
with you at our upcoming Investor Day in early December in New York, I want to update you on our
thoughts regarding the 2022 outlook.

While there are still many factors to play out, we believe that current analyst estimates for 2022 adjusted
EPS of approximately $8.20 are within our anticipated initial guidance range. As we discussed last quarter,
there are some significant moving pieces to keep in mind in determining an appropriate baseline for 2021.

First, consistent with our standard practice, we exclude prior year's development net of profits returned to
customers and net realized capital gains from our forward-looking guidance.

Second, in 2022, we will incur a full year of expense related to our minimum wage increase announced
last quarter. We estimate these factors combined represent approximately $0.40 per share. Using the
midpoint of our updated 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range, which is $7.95, these adjustments create
a 2021 baseline of $7.55. The other significant factor in considering 2022 performance is the effect that
COVID will have on our retail and health care benefits businesses.

For retail, we expect that COVID-19 vaccine and testing volume, which is expected to generate over $3
billion of revenue in 2021, will decline significantly in 2022 to 30% to 40% of the volume we administered
in 2021. In addition, we expect COVID-driven front store sales to decline in 2022.

For HCB, we expect to see a significant improvement in results in 2022, as treatment and testing costs
decline with COVID cost estimates and improved risk-adjusted revenue reflected in our pricing.

Overall, we estimate the COVID-driven impact in HCB will largely be offset by the expected decline in
COVID-related retail performance. It is important to note that forecasts of future COVID impacts to our
business remain extremely difficult and are subject to change as circumstances dictate.

Beyond these considerations, Other factors affecting our growth for 2022 remain consistent with the
commentary we provided last quarter regarding headwinds and tailwinds. With all of this in mind, the
current consensus of analyst estimates of approximately $8.20 for adjusted EPS would represent about an
8% increase over the 2021 baseline.

To conclude, the strong performance of CVS Health in the first half of 2021 continued in the third quarter,
producing strong revenue, adjusted operating income and cash flow results, and we are pleased to again
raise our full year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance.

During the pandemic, we have solidified our opportunity to become a national leader in health care
delivery, which at its core, starts and ends with lowering the cost of care, improving access and
convenience, ultimately enabling people to live healthier and more fulfilling lives.
During our Investor Day in a few weeks, we look forward to sharing with you more about our path over
the coming years to deliver on this ambition and to position CVS Health to generate sustainable, low
double-digit adjusted EPS growth. We will now open the call to your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mike Cherny with Bank of America.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Congratulations on the results and especially Shawn, thanks for the early '22 views. Before I'm sure there
will be some other questions there, I did want to get into something on the pharmacy side for next year.
You talked about the COVID headwinds year-over-year, which is very much expected. That being said, you
also had the positive news on the TRICARE side and reentering their network.

As you think about that, either as an example for your network approach or just getting back to what's
hopefully steady-state performance, how is the overall trend going relative to network participation,
preferred network participation and what that means for CVS' ability to offset some of those COVID
headwinds with sustained script growth and share gains.

Neela Montgomery
Executive VP & President of Pharmacy and Retail

Thanks for that. It's Neela here. We continue to see underlying script growth at around the 5% level,
which is good both compared to the market and our historical averages. So that's our forward assumption
for '22 as we plan for it.

And as you mentioned, TRICARE was a good win for us starting December the 15, and we're pleased to be
back in the network. But it's part of a number of network, moves that are happening in '22, which means
we'll be at that level of growth moving forward.

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Mike, I would say as well, when you think about this issue more broadly, to Neela's point, this is an
example of one of the things, I think, that we've continued to do to try to tackle it. And one is obviously
get more volume and more participation to help offset that.

But it's also looking at cost of goods sold and looking not only at just improving that, but looking --
thinking and considering new models that we might be able to embark on to deal with this. The pressures
here are -- continue to exist, but they are stable. And certainly, it's something we're thinking about as we
think about next year. The one thing I would say is certainly, all of these things are all designed to sort of
basically produce a balanced, sustainable economic model in the long term.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Karen, I just want to go back to, as we started 2021, you talked about introducing a new low or no co-pay
for the MinuteClinic, low or no co-pay for Generics at CVS, I think you talked about 6 million people in that
program. Then today, you made a comment around shifting towards primary care. I just want to better
understand how do we think about the rollout of this in combination with the virtual 360 that you'll offer
going into 2022. My first question would be, did you see the opportunity to really lower the cost trend
when we think about those members that utilize, for example, the MinuteClinic and retail pharmacy of
CVS? And is that being masked because of COVID that we're not really seeing that trend come through?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And then secondly, as we think about plan design going into next year, can you maybe just spend a
minute and talk about where you see the biggest opportunities? And do you feel the need to own or now
employ primary care physicians?

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Lisa, a lot of questions there. And we actually really look forward to sharing much more of our strategy
when we meet in December, but let me just give you kind of a brief overview. I would start with, as we
kind of look at the consumer, obviously, the consumer has been incredibly challenged by the complexity of
the health care system.

Our overall strategy is to make sure that we can provide them access points with lower cost, higher quality
with convenience and overall engagement. And we think those factors will help us with the long-term
strategy of driving down health care costs.

As we think about our you mentioned our MinuteClinics and our trends. We have now 7.5 million people
that have this 0 co-pay or low-cost co-pay. We have started to see the Aetna members utilizing those
services. Obviously, that's a lower site of care. It is convenient.

We've also expanded the services, as I mentioned earlier, adding behavioral health care. We've seen
repeat customers coming there. So Obviously, we're starting to get traction with the Aetna members with
these planned designs and we feel quite good about it.

Now your question around primary care and what we think we need to do here is primary care is a small
component of overall medical costs. I think we all recognize that, but it wields significant influence on the
total medical cost picture. So as you think about us managing and navigating care for our patients, we
really believe that we need to kind of push into the primary care, so we can influence the overall cost of
care. And by doing that, we think that we can have better engagement help customers better navigate
and obviously have higher quality, lower cost of care. And so that's the intent here of really pushing into
primary care. And we expect to see continued evolution of our plan designs.

If you think about our overall care strategy, it's virtual care, it's in the community and it's in the home. If
you look at what we did this year with our virtual primary care offering, clearly, we were able to be in the
market early. We have 750,000 people now that are eligible for that virtual primary care. We've connected
that virtual primary care with an in-person connection with our MinuteClinics and also in the home with
diagnostic biometric monitoring. So you can see that we're innovating around the consumer, and that's
how we think we're going to really change the game in health care is innovating around the consumer.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Is there a way to quantify that? I mean, as far as medical cost trend or anything that we should think
about as we see incremental adoption of these kinds of programs? Or is that something you're going to
talk about at the Analyst Day?

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

We'll talk about that as well. But I think the 2 things that we'll be monitoring is do we see -- do we expect
incremental growth because of our product design, yes. And then do we see improvement in overall
trends. And we would expect to see that. We'll give you kind of more insights into our kind of longer-term
goals here, but that would be the expectation growth in medical cost improvement.

Operator

We'll take our next question from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Obviously, the pharmacy services business continues to perform very well. When you look at, a, the high
retention rate, is that -- is there any of that that's being driven by customers just deciding that they want
to delay a big RFP for another year as they try to get employees back? How much of that activity did you
see? And when it comes to where you're getting the wins, maybe just expand a little bit on where, in
particular, is it in the middle market? Is it with the large accounts that you're picking up business and what
particularly of your marketing effort is resonating to get those new wins?

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS Caremark

A.J., it's Alan. Thank you for the question. So I'll answer in order. So the first one with respect to the
retention rate, we didn't really see a tremendously different selling season in '21 going into '22 than we
have in the past. And that's, I think, a function of the size.

We generally focus on the 5,000 lives and above. We obviously go through a process where when we can
avoid an RFP, we do, but many of those were active competitive RFPs. When I think about why our sales
-- why and where our sales came, it was in all segments of the market, right? We won in health plans.
We won in Medicaid. We won in pretty much all segments that we participate in. And I think we win for 3
reasons.

We win primarily because we have the best demonstrated ability to manage drug spend, particularly
in specialty pharmacy, where you know it's critically important. We've maintained extraordinarily high
levels of service and built on that service with a culture of transparency and building trust with our clients
and aligning our incentives, and finally, on innovation and bringing new tools to market largely in the
specialty area to help our clients better manage trend and create better experiences for both providers
and patients.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Wanted to talk a little bit about the Health Care Benefits business from '21 to '22, specifically in Medicare
Advantage. Can you talk, Sean, a little bit about how that business has performed this year where trends
are running versus normal? And how you expect it to kind of bounce back, sorry about that, in 2022?

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

I won't look at that as the barking dog barking at me here, so. No, it's a very important question.
Obviously, Medicare is the biggest single premium block that we have in HCB, and so its performance is
critical to HCB's performance. The good news, I would say, on this is that since we have submitted our
bids, our Medicare experience the last 2 quarters has been completely in line, if not a little better than
that. And so we still feel good about our baseline and our forward provision for that.

We continue to see deferred care, i.e., some utilization less than normal in this business, and that did
continue this quarter, but we're continuing in our forecasting to assume that, that is going to go away over
time and continue to sort of edge back to normal. Certainly, by the bulk of 2022, we would anticipate that.

So from a margin standpoint, I think this business feels like it is on a very sound footing. In terms of
looking at our benefits, I think we feel good about where we are, both growth and margin-wise, when we
think about next year. And as I mentioned, it's super early in the AEP, but we feel good about what we've
seen so far.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And just a quick follow-up, specifically, Shawn. The rates were so strong for 2022 and hopefully, where
everyone's getting back their risk scores after a tough '21. Do you think yourselves and what you see
in the industry are positioned to absorb something maybe a little bit more than 100% of typical trend?
It feels like given where the rates are, maybe 101 or even more could be absorbed before you'd have a
margin issue next year?

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I wouldn't want to forecast that now mainly just because of the difficulties, I think, that exists sort
of around this whole deferred utilization kind of COVID interplay. You're certainly right. It was a good
reimbursement year. We were able to do a lot of things sort of in our benefit design. And again, I think it's
part of my comfort with sort of the foundation that, that business is going into '22 upon.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.

Stephen C. Baxter
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to confirm or ask for a clarification here. I think your comments suggested that from a COVID
perspective that 2022, your initial view is also that, that would be approximately neutral. Can you confirm
whether or not that was the case when you're talking about those factors?

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that is what I said.

Stephen C. Baxter
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Perfect. Okay. And then the commentary on your initial expectations around vaccine and testing
contribution decreasing to about 30% or 40% 2021 levels. Obviously, it's dynamic, but any directional
color on how you're thinking about vaccines related to testing inside of that.

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

They both are down fairly significantly in that same general range. I think we have testing down right now
a little bit more than vaccines for next year. And I want to be clear, too, that we did -- the 30% to 40% we
said was a volume number, the number we will administer at present, I would assume sort of some of the
same profile of margin that we have today. But again, that could be also a factor subject to change next
year.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And congrats on the quarter and the 2022 comments. Quick question here on capital deployment. So
you're on track to bring down debt to your target levels. As you look to sort of innovate around the
consumer. What role do you anticipate M&A will have? And maybe you can rank order for us your capital
deployment priorities. And then when we think about it long term sort of guide that you provided of low
double digit, does that include M&A as well?

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Ricky, I'll start and I'll hand it over to Shawn. As you think about our strategy, we'll lay out our capital
deployment in much greater detail. But as you think about managing around the consumer, we have a
tremendous amount of assets in our portfolio today, which we can build off on. However, there will be
additional capabilities that we think we need to either partner or buy. So that will be part of our overall
strategy, and I'll ask Shawn to comment on your other questions.

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And I'll answer the second one because it's fairly quickly in terms of my long-term kind of to get to
the low double-digit EPS. What I'd say is that includes capital deployment. That capital deployment in
some years can take the form of accretive share repurchase. Some years, it can take more of a form of
M&A. And as Karen mentioned, our strategy will require the development of new capabilities.

And I think while it's likely some of those we can do ourselves, I think there are some of those that will
make more sense for us to acquire along the way. But it is a good and timely question around capital and
long term. We're nearing the end of a sort of 3- or 4-year deleverage cycle.

And I think the next 3 years are going to look different than the last 3 years. While we remain committed
to our investment grade target and we will always sort of manage leverage responsibility. My first priority
always with capital is to grow the business. And we mentioned that our strategy might require that.

So from year to year, that can sort of move between, as I mentioned, share repurchase, dividend, M&A,
but my experience is that a balanced deployment over time has tended to work best. And that might look
like something with the M&A aspect a dividend that grows with EPS and some level of accretive share
repurchase.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Eric Percher with Nephron.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

The strength in Pharmacy Services was notable after some cautious commentary last quarter. Relative to
expansion of PBM profit per script, I think kind of 2 items I'd like to focus in on here. One, with the GPO
benefits, is this primarily CVS or is Zinc benefiting from added partners and their scale? And then on 340B,
is this development of new strategies to serve covered entities? Or is it natural growth in the program?
What's the driver in that piece?

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS Caremark

Eric, it's Alan Lotvin. So on the GPO answer, principally, this is CVS volume and capabilities that are being
brought to market. We have a partner, but it's -- I would say, it's mostly the CVS volume.

With respect to 340B, there are a few things that drive the growth. So think about 340B in 2 ways, right?
One is we provide third-party administrative services to covered entities. So as we grow the number of
covered entities, we grow the size of the contribution.

The second area is dispensing margin. We get paid a fixed fee for dispensing the drugs on behalf of the
covered entities. So as volume grows, both because specialty is growing as an example, as our book of
business grows from new wins and as our covered entity book of business grows, all 3 of those contribute
to volume growth.

Sorry, I would just add one last point was that, that volume growth substantially benefits the covered
entities. And as you know, many of the covered entities are dependent upon the 340B program for their
financial health.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Right. And then maybe just a quick follow-up. We're starting to see a little bit more of the structure among
what DEMS may propose. One of those was transparency provisions. What is your perspective on what
increased requirements around transparency would mean at this point in the rebate game?

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS Caremark

So we've done a lot of work on the original version of the transparency rule. It creates a really tremendous
administrative burden for everyone in the system. I think at this point, when you think about transparency
and rebates essentially all large clients or even midsized clients are now have a 100% pass-through of
rebates. Many of them have extensive audit rights. So to some extent, I think this is, quite frankly, solving
a problem that's already been solved commercially.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So just for the comments around the fourth quarter of '21 and non-COVID utilization, can you remind
us what your assumption is for the fourth quarter, specifically for just overall non-COVID as a percent of
pre-COVID baseline, either for the whole book of business or just broke it out between commercial and
government? And just want to confirm also that the increase in the MLR, sounds like it is related more
specifically to direct COVID costs. But I just want to confirm there's no change to your outlook for the non-
COVID utilization into the fourth quarter.

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. On the second one, you're correct. The MLR increase is entirely driven by COVID, fairly consistently
over the last couple of quarters, the [ non-code utilization ] has been at an even better in some places
than expected. So the underlying business continues to look strong from that regard.

So the increase is clearly COVID. As I mentioned, we do expect that we will see deferred utilization in
the fourth quarter, but we're only assuming half the level that we experienced in Q3. And you could think
about that a little bit from kind of where we are today, taking half the step back to kind of 0 deferred
utilization. Where this is, is very similar to my commentary last time. Commercial has the least amount of
deferred utilization right now in the system. And government also -- government probably has the most
with Medicare having a little less than Medicaid at this stage. But we see all of those moving back towards
normal in the fourth quarter and as we think about next year.

Susan V. Lisa
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

With that, we're going to conclude the Q&A portion of the call, and I'll turn it back to Karen.

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

First of all, thank you for joining us today. CVS Health reported another strong quarter, exceeding
expectations and driving growth in all of our core businesses in a very fluid market.

We continue to demonstrate progress executing on our strategy to create an integrated health care
experience centered around the consumer. And I am very grateful for the 300,000 dedicated colleagues
who continue to deliver every day, helping America combat COVID and its variants, including flu and other
everyday health challenges. We do look forward to seeing you all in December in New York. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. And this concludes today's CVS Health Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call and Webcast. You may
disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

