CVS Health Corporation NYSE:CVS
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 04, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.07

2.42

Revenue  (mm)

70265.24

72616.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-04-2021 12:40 PM GMT

16.91

3.35

1.88

7.69

8.28

70473.43

281623.99

293082.70

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.34

1.24

1.77

2.07

1.66

1.30

2.04

2.42

23.88 %

4.84 %

15.25 %

16.91 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS
Caremark

Daniel Philip Finke
Executive VP & President of Health
Care Benefits Segment

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Neela Montgomery
Executive VP & President of
Pharmacy and Retail

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Susan V. Lisa
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

ANALYSTS

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the CVS Health Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the call over to Susie Lisa, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for CVS
Health. Please go ahead.

Susan V. Lisa
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the CVS Health Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.
I'm Susie Lisa, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for CVS Health. I'm very excited to be on the
call with you today and to have the opportunity to work with you going forward.

I'm joined this morning by Karen Lynch, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Shawn Guertin,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Following our prepared remarks, we will host a question-and-answer session that will include Alan Lotvin,
President, Pharmacy Services; Dan Finke, President, Health Care Benefits; Neela Montgomery, President,
Retail and Pharmacy; and Jon Roberts, Chief Operating Officer.

Our press release and slide presentation have been posted to our website, along with our Form 10-Q that
we filed with the SEC this morning.

During this call, we will make certain forward-looking statements reflecting our current views related to
our future financial performance, future events, industry and market conditions as well as the expected
consumer benefits of our products and services and our financial projections. Our forward-looking
statements are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from what may be indicated in them. We strongly encourage you to review the information
in the reports we file with the SEC regarding these risks and uncertainties, in particular those that are
described in the cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements and Risk Factors section in
our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, this morning's earnings press release and included in our
Form 10-Q.

During this call, we will use non-GAAP financial measures when talking about the company's performance
and financial condition. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find a reconciliation of these non-
GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures in this morning's earnings press release and the
reconciliation document posted on the Investor Relations portion of our website.

Today's call is being broadcast on our website where it will be archived for 1 year.

Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Karen.

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today.

This was another strong quarter for CVS Health. We are playing an integral role in connecting experiences
across the health care system to deliver better health outcomes. This is what truly differentiates us and
generates our growth.

In the rapidly changing U.S. health care environment, we have proven that we can bring solutions at scale
to meet individual health needs however they evolve. Our COVID-19 testing and vaccination campaigns

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

for millions of Americans are just one example. We meet customers where they are. We are there when
and how they want to access care. That is what's driving growth across our company, and it's where we'll
continue to focus our innovation and investments.

During the second quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 11%. We generated adjusted earnings per
share of $2.42 and strong cash flow from operations of $5.8 billion. We are raising our adjusted earnings
per share guidance to $7.70 to $7.80. This reflects the continued positive momentum across our business
with growth both in new and current markets.

Today, we announced an important investment in our employees. We will raise the minimum wage for
our colleagues to $15 an hour by July 2022. This wage increase will boost our competitive edge in a
tight retail labor market. We estimate it creates an incremental $600 million in labor costs over 3 years.
Approximately $125 million of that impact will be in the final 4 months of this year.

Increasing our minimum wage for hourly employees will help attract and retain the talent needed for our
customer-centric business approach. Just as critical, it aligns with our values and our purpose and builds
on a history of our investment in our people.

Each of our businesses delivered strong performance, highlighted by overall sales and earnings
outperformance and sequential margin improvement. Customers realize the value we are providing across
our CVS Health assets, which results in increased customer retention rates and new wins. In Health Care
Benefits, results were powered by growth in our Government business. Our medical benefit ratio of 84.1%
was modestly above expectations driven by COVID-related costs. Underlying non-COVID costs emerged
favorably. We continue to believe aggregate medical costs will modestly exceed baseline levels during the
second half of the year.

In addition to strong performance in our core business, we are leveraging our broad and unique portfolio
of assets with our first CVS-Aetna co-branded offerings. We have submitted our exchange regulatory
filings for a January 2022 entrance in 8 states outlined in our supplemental earnings materials.

With Aetna's strong networks and CVS's significant local presence, we believe we are creating a
compelling new offering that combines health insurance, pharmacy, our retail presence and behavioral
health services. This is something that no one else can deliver.

The 2022 national account selling season in Health Care Benefits has been marked by a somewhat
compressed industry-wide pipeline. Employers have been focused on developing strategies for
vaccinations and other return-to-work activities. As a result, we concentrated on client retention,
delivering a strong result of 97%.

For those cases that were out to bid for 2022, we have been successful in securing new business and
introducing new, differentiated products. For example, our virtual-first primary care product is the only
nationwide program to offer long-term dedicated virtual primary care and a traditional in-person national
network, including MinuteClinics and HealthHUBs.

Turning to Pharmacy Services. We outperformed expectations, delivering 9.8% revenue growth and very
strong operating income growth. We continue to build momentum in specialty pharmacy with revenue up
8.9% year-over-year. Looking ahead, we have maintained an impressive 98% retention rate with more
than 80% of renewals complete. We have also driven strong new business results, winning over $8 billion
in new gross sales for next year. We remain well positioned for continued specialty and pharmacy growth
in 2022.

The differentiation we offer is particularly important. It reflects our integrated offering with in-store, mail
order and specialty services. We added nearly 1 million new integrated pharmacy and medical members
through the 2021 and 2022 selling seasons alone. This is a testament of our success in the marketplace
from the aligned interest and value we bring to our customers.

Our retail segment continues to play a crucial role as part of our community-focused strategy. We are a
vital local health destination for millions of Americans who are resuming more normal activities and fueling
macro improvements in the economy.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Our second quarter results for retail outperformed our expectations and the market. In our pharmacies,
we grew prescription market share to over 26%. Importantly, our customer-centric programs continue to
improve adherence for our patients. At the same time, we saw a solid rebound in front store sales, which
increased nearly 13% in the quarter, with strength across all categories. Nearly 2/3 of that growth was
driven by health and wellness products. Similarly, pharmacy script growth in the quarter was strong, up
more than 14% year-over-year, 1/3 of which is attributable to COVID vaccines.

We now administered 30 million vaccines and 29 million tests through the inception of the program.
Approximately 40% of vaccines we administered over the past 2 months were to members of
underrepresented communities, a rate at or higher than the benchmark population.

Our effort to make the vaccine accessible and convenient for all Americans continues. However,
vaccination rates are slowing from a peak in April despite the impact of new variants.

Our COVID work is a powerful example of the trust and relationships we are building with consumers,
augmented by our local presence and digital tools. For customers introduced to us through COVID testing,
approximately 12% have subsequently chosen to fill new prescriptions or get their COVID vaccine at CVS
Health. This helped drive overall strong script growth in the quarter.

The COVID testing outlook remains strong. As public health recommendations evolve, we are prepared
and continue to play a critical role in helping Americans prevail against the pandemic. I'm grateful for the
continued dedication and tireless efforts of the nearly 300,000 colleagues.

We are making considerable progress across key drivers of our growth. The first is our role in care
delivery. We continue to focus on our integrated platform to expand access to care that is local, affordable
and connected. HealthHUBs represent one of many channels and lower-cost sites of care that allows us
to address individual health needs. Aetna Commercial members in the no copay/low copay product are
utilizing our MinuteClinics in our HealthHUBs more frequently, more than twice as often as members
without these benefits.

We expanded the spectrum of health services we offer to include common services usually done in primary
care settings such as chronic care management like diabetes and behavioral health, a critical area of
need that will continue beyond the pandemic. We expanded our Care Concierge program to support our
Medicare members, rolling out, as planned, the HealthHUB stars program designed to close gaps in the
quality of care. Early intervention results are promising as they are demonstrating strong reach and a high
engagement rate of 67% for a variety of health screenings such as diabetes and cancer.

The second key area is technology. We are using the power of our digital capabilities to reinvent how
consumers experience their care by creating choice, expanding access and reducing complexity. And
we are creating new sources of value while accelerating the speed, flexibility and launch of new health
solutions. Today, we regularly serve more than 35 million unique digital customers across our CVS Health
assets.

Our digital customers are important. Digital retail customers spend 2.5x more in our front store, manage
1.5x more scripts and remain customers longer than other pharmacy patients. And customers who engage
with us digitally have lower medical costs related to personalized data insights that guide health behaviors.
This quarter, we also saw more than 37% of specialty prescriptions initiated digitally from the 85% of
our pharmacy specialty members who have opted into our digital program. Building these trusted digital
relationships with customers generates new growth opportunities across all of our businesses.

At the same time, we are reengineering our cost structure by simplifying operations to benefit both
customers and our own colleagues. Our technology-driven programs are leveraging blockchain, driving
cloud migration and intelligent automation and streamlining processes to accelerate results and generate
greater impact. One example is a specialty pharmacy script automation program that uses AI to yield
better results more quickly while eliminating more than 30 manual steps such as benefit verification and
prior authorization.

Our commitment to shareholders, customers and communities we serve does not stop at commercial
product offering. CVS Health plays an important role in the health and vitality of the communities where

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

we live, work and serve. Our long-standing commitment to corporate social responsibility focuses on
4 areas: healthy people, healthy business, healthy communities and a healthy planet. Together, these
efforts create our sustainability road map known as Transform Health 2030. It represents an ambitious but
achievable agenda that aligns with 8 of the UN Sustainable Development Goals.

CVS Health is investing in inclusive wellness, economic development and advancement opportunities for
our colleagues and our suppliers. We are also making social impact investments that will improve health
outcomes nationwide, which is already making a critical difference in our pandemic work. In addition, we
have set science-based targets to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by 67% by 2030 from a 2014
baseline. I am proud of what we have achieved, but there is much more to do, and I'll provide regular
updates about our continued progress.

In closing, CVS Health is the leading health solutions company with a broad and unique set of assets.
We are accelerating our pace of progress to drive value for our customers, our communities, our people
and our shareholders. Our unparalleled capabilities, reach and enduring relationship with the consumer
uniquely positions us to support them throughout their lifetime while also providing multiple avenues for
sustained growth for our company.

I'll turn now to Shawn Guertin, who recently joined CVS Health as Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer in late May and has already made an impact. His deep health care expertise, financial
acumen and strategic mindset will be instrumental to the successful execution of our strategy. Shawn?

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. I'm very excited to be at CVS Health, particularly at such
a dynamic and important time not only for our company but for our health care system as a whole. Our
differentiated portfolio of capabilities and local community presence creates a compelling competitive
advantage that improves health care access and outcomes across a broad population while generating
strong cash flow and value for all our stakeholders. I look forward to executing on our growth strategy and
reshaping the health care experience for the people we serve.

I'll first discuss our second quarter financial results. As Karen stated, we delivered another quarter of
outperformance across each of our businesses, exceeding our expectations and further demonstrating
the strength of our combined enterprise. Total revenues of $72.6 billion grew 11% year-over-year and
reflected strong contributions from each of our segments. We reported adjusted operating income of $4.9
billion and adjusted earnings per share of $2.42.

We continue to generate excellent cash flow in the second quarter with year-to-date cash flow from
operations now exceeding $8.7 billion. Further, we have repaid $5.4 billion in debt during the first half of
the year. All our cash flow metrics exceeded our internal forecast during the quarter.

Moving to the segments. Health Care Benefits total revenue increased 11% year-over-year driven by
our continued growth in our Government Services business, slightly offset by the repeal of the health
insurance fee or HIF.

Our Medicare franchise continues to perform very well with quarterly sequential membership growth
across all products. Medicare Advantage membership is slightly exceeding our prior expectations and is
now on track to be up 9% to 10% for the full year.

Dual special needs plans membership grew by double digits sequentially and has more than doubled year-
over-year, reflecting our strategic focus in this business. Medicare supplement and prescription drug plan
membership also increased in the quarter, providing a sustained, strong pipeline of opportunities for future
conversions to Medicare Advantage.

Our midyear Medicare risk-adjusted revenue settlement was in line with our expectations. Finally, for
our prescription drug plan business, we are pleased with our bid position below the 2022 low-income
benchmark in all our targeted regions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Health Care Benefits adjusted operating income exceeded our projections for the quarter but was down
materially on a year-over-year basis due to the depressed levels of utilization observed in the second
quarter of 2020 at the start of the pandemic. The medical benefit ratio for the quarter of 84.1% was
slightly higher than our forecast driven by higher-than-expected COVID-related costs, which, while
materially lower than the first quarter, did not fall off as much as we had forecast. Underlying non-
COVID utilization continued its return toward normal baseline levels and was slightly favorable versus our
expectations. The combined result was an MBR slightly higher than our forecast for the quarter.

We remain comfortable with the adequacy of our reserves, recording a modest amount of favorable prior
year development in the quarter, while days claims payable of 48 is consistent with both the first quarter
of this year and the fourth quarter of 2020.

Turning to Pharmacy Services. We continue to deliver exceptional value for our customers by producing
industry-leading low single-digit drug trends. This value proposition allowed us to produce strong revenue
growth of nearly 10% versus last year primarily driven by network volume and specialty pharmacy
growth.

Total pharmacy claims process increased by more than 11% versus last year, with approximately 1/2
attributable to net new business wins from our 2021 selling season and another 1/4 due to COVID vaccine
administration. Our specialty network and Maintenance Choice business lines all delivered sequential
claims growth in the quarter.

Pharmacy Services adjusted operating income exceeded expectations in the second quarter, up more
than $400 million or 32% year-over-year. The 3 major drivers of this increase are: improved purchasing
economics, reflecting the products and services of our group purchasing organization launched in the
second quarter of 2020; specialty pharmacy, including our 340B claims administration business; and
increased pharmacy claim volumes. These favorable items were partially tempered by ongoing client
pricing pressure.

Lastly, it's important to note that the initiation of our group purchasing organization and certain generic
specialty launches in the second quarter and second half of 2020, respectively, created relatively low
comparisons in the first half of 2021 that will increase significantly in the second half of the year.
Therefore, we expect a much smaller incremental year-over-year improvement in operating income in the
second half of this year.

Retail also delivered strong results this quarter, exceeding expectations. Total revenue of nearly $25 billion
increased by $3 billion or 14% year-over-year. This improvement is driven by 3 main components: one,
approximately 1/3 or $1 billion is attributable to the nearly 17 million COVID vaccines and more than 6
million COVID tests administered during the second quarter; two, an additional 1/3 or another $1 billion
is due to the broad quarantine restrictions and civil unrest experienced last year that depressed results
in the second quarter of 2020; three, the final 1/3 or remaining $1 billion was driven by a combination
of improved pharmacy growth and mix during the second quarter as well as broad strength in front store
trends.

Front store revenue increased by nearly 13%, while pharmacy prescription volume was up 14%, including
COVID vaccines. This strong revenue growth, combined with a 340 basis point improvement in adjusted
operating margin, produced adjusted operating income well ahead of our forecast and an increase of
nearly $1 billion year-over-year.

COVID testing and vaccines, which were immaterial in Q2 2020, represent approximately half of the
operating income increase. Second quarter 2021 results also reflect a gain from a legal settlement related
to an antitrust matter worth $125 million, which is included in both our GAAP and non-GAAP results.

Turning to cash flows and the balance sheet. Cash from operations remained strong at $5.8 billion for the
quarter and $8.7 billion year-to-date. We paid down $2.4 billion of long-term debt in the quarter while
returning $650 million to shareholders through dividends. Since the close of the Aetna transaction, we
have paid down a net $17.6 billion in long-term debt. Our commitment and discipline in this area was
recognized during the quarter as S&P raised our credit outlook from stable to positive.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Let me now turn to our updated guidance for 2021 and share some preliminary thoughts regarding 2022.
But first, I want to provide a framework of the pandemic-related dynamics that will impact our business
over the remainder of the year in the interplay between the retail segment and the Health Care Benefits
segment.

As mentioned, our retail segment benefited from strong COVID testing and vaccine administration services
in the second quarter but began to see vaccines fall below expectations in May and June. As a result, we
have reduced our forecast for vaccine earnings to below the midpoint of our original range for the full year.
In Health Care Benefits, given the ongoing fluidity of the current environment, we have incorporated a
higher estimate of COVID-related costs in the second half of the year. As a result, our full year MBR, while
still well within our range, is approximately 20 to 30 basis points higher than our previous forecast.

Overall, we believe the combined impact of a reduced outlook for vaccines in retail and a slightly higher
MBR in Health Care Benefits now make the pandemic a modest negative for 2021. Despite this, given our
strong performance in the quarter and solid outlook, we are increasing our guidance.

We are raising full year 2021 total revenue guidance to a range of $280.7 billion to $285.2 billion,
representing year-over-year adjusted revenue growth of 4.5% to 6.25%. We are also raising adjusted EPS
guidance to $7.70 to $7.80 per share.

The significant earnings outperformance in the second quarter is reflected in our updated full year
guidance but is partially offset by 3 key headwinds during the second half of 2021.

The first is expectations for full year COVID-19 vaccine volumes to be below the midpoint of our original
guidance. As I mentioned earlier, we saw vaccinations peak in April, then begin to decline in May and June.
Although the recent rise in COVID-19 cases has caused a reacceleration in first dose trend, we believe it to
be prudent to adjust our full year outlook for vaccines to a range of 32 million to 36 million. This includes
a limited contribution from the administration of pediatric vaccines but does not assume any contribution
from booster shots.

Overall, despite the slowdown in vaccine administration, we continue to be pleased with our expanded
and strengthened customer relationships stemming from our local presence and see ongoing customer
connectivity from the significant role we play in combating the pandemic in our local communities.

The second item is the investment in wages that Karen highlighted. Our work to retain and attract talent
includes an additional $600 million investment in wages over 3 years, primarily for our retail colleagues
and pharmacy technicians, with approximately $125 million impacting the last 4 months of 2021.

Finally, the third item is increased investments in the second half of 2021, reflecting our efforts to drive
and support growth, enhance our consumer experience and improve our cost structure in 2022 and
beyond.

In aggregate, these 3 items are expected to negatively impact second half adjusted EPS by approximately
$0.25 per share.

In addition to increasing our EPS guidance, we are also raising our expectations for cash flow from
operations by $500 million to a range of $12.5 billion to $13 billion. Our expectations for gross capital
expenditures remain in a range of $2.7 billion to $3 billion to fund organic growth initiatives and our
expanded investments in technology and digital. We remain committed to ongoing deleveraging and our
investment-grade rating target.

By segment, for Health Care Benefits, we are maintaining our full year adjusted operating income
guidance of $5.25 billion to $5.35 billion. As discussed, our outlook assumes a slightly higher full year
MBR by 20 to 30 basis points to reflect the higher COVID costs observed in the second quarter and our
expectation that slightly higher COVID costs will continue into the second half. Our forecast assumes that
non-COVID utilization will return to normal baseline levels by the fourth quarter. This MBR pressure is
largely being offset by an improved revenue outlook and operating expense management.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

It's also worth recalling the natural seasonality of the Health Care Benefits segment with fourth quarter
operating income typically the lowest of the year. We believe that our forecast is appropriately positioned
given that there remains a high degree of uncertainty in terms of how COVID will play out during the
second half of the year.

For Pharmacy Services, given the strength in the quarter and visibility to the remainder of the year,
we are increasing our full year 2021 adjusted operating income guidance to $6.45 billion to $6.55
billion, representing year-over-year growth of 13.5% to 15.25%. While we expect the factors driving
second quarter performance to continue to benefit the second half of 2021, due to the timing elements I
discussed earlier, we do not anticipate the same level of year-over-year growth observed in the first half of
2021.

For retail, we are maintaining our full year 2021 segment guidance for adjusted operating income in a
range of $6.6 billion to $6.7 billion. Given the dynamic environment relative to the pandemic and its
impact on vaccines, testing and front store sales, we have taken what we believe to be a prudent posture
in our outlook and have not fully pulled through the favorability we observed in the second quarter to the
full year. This full year guidance also reflects the reduced outlook for vaccines and the impact of the wage
investment, approximately 80% of which is experienced in the retail segment. You will find further details
in the slide presentation we posted to our website this morning.

Moving on to 2022. While it is premature to provide forward year guidance at this time, I want to share
some preliminary thinking on some of the more visible puts and takes we are considering for 2022.

Starting with tailwinds. It is reasonable to expect benefits from: one, strong selling seasons in the
Pharmacy Services segment and in commercial national accounts in the Health Care Benefits segment;
two, anticipated lower COVID-related costs and improved Medicare risk-adjusted revenue reimbursement
in the Health Care Benefits business; and three, continued contributions from our ongoing cost savings
initiatives.

For headwinds, we anticipate: first, consistent pressure in Pharmacy Services from client price
improvements and reimbursement pressure in retail, both of which are consistent industry headwinds,
which we seek to mitigate through improved purchasing economics; second, the impact of annualizing the
increase to minimum wage across the company; and third, uncertainty regarding the expected revenue
from COVID vaccines and testing in our retail operations. Lastly, I'd remind you that our standard practice
is not to include any estimates of prior year development or realized capital gains in our forward-looking
guidance. On a year-to-date basis, these 2 items comprise approximately $0.15 per share.

Again, this is not a comprehensive outlook for 2022 but represents some of the key items likely to
influence performance next year.

To conclude, CVS Health continues to produce strong results as we execute on our differentiated strategy,
putting the consumer at the center of what we do and redefining the integrated delivery of health care. I
look forward to updating longer-term financial targets at our Investor Day event this December in detailing
our key priorities: positioning CVS Health to deliver sustainable, long-term profitable growth and to return
to a more balanced and strategic program of capital deployment.
We will now open the call to your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Thank you for all the detail. Shawn, just going back to your thoughts around 2022, am I thinking about
this correctly? If I take the midpoint of this year at $7.75, add back the $0.25 that you talked about, we
get to $8, minus the $0.15 as we think about PPP and capital gains gets us to $7.85? And then how do I
think about the headwinds and tailwinds that you talked about? Are they fairly equal between them? Is
there any other color that you can give us as we think about the puts and takes going into next year?

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think I'd be careful on the specific math there because to some extent, as I mentioned, for example,
about vaccines and testing revenue, there's just an uncertainty about the level of those things. And I'd
also not add back the full $0.25, as an example, because the minimum wage impact -- and that is only
for 4 months, and obviously that will annualize next year. So there are some moving pieces sort of in
there. But honestly, some of these things, I think, we can see are going to be factors, but we don't have
completely quantified at this point.

But I do think, when we talk about 2022, if it's worth talking about a couple of things, I would say at
the outset we remain very well positioned in our core businesses, and our operating performance is very
strong as evidenced by the last couple of quarters of results.

And as I mentioned in my remarks, I don't want to provide 2022 guidance today, but I do recognize that
there's previous targets out there for a low double-digit earnings growth for 2022. And what I would say
is, make no mistake, double-digit adjusted EPS growth remains the benchmark that we're always trying to
achieve and frankly the benchmark that we're using in considering the strategic choices that we'll make.
But an awful lot has changed since 2019 when that target was out there and stated.

And it's not just the composition of our earnings, but, sort of to the point of your question, Lisa, what's
the visibility that we have into how those components are going to trend forward. Again, the vaccines and
testing and COVID treatment costs are just 2 good examples of factors, but the direction and the degree is
a bit hard to see.

So a lot of this will come down to thinking about what baseline we're measuring from and how we see
these factors playing out here. But as I sit here today, if I consider a starting point of $7.70 to $7.80, I
would say at this point, no, that from this forecast baseline, I wouldn't reiterate the double-digit sort of
growth target for 2022. But again, as I mentioned, this says more about the shifting factors. It does not
have anything really to do with the core performance of our business, which has been really outstanding.

Obviously, we hope to talk in much more detail about 2022 at our Investor Day as well as some of the
longer-term financial targets and the earnings power of the business.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And Shawn, just as my follow-up, I just want to understand, you talked about COVID costs returning as
we go into the back half of the year. Can you talk at all of what you've seen in the last few weeks with the
Delta variant and potential increase to costs on the COVID side? And then are you seeing any non-COVID
costs coming down, that people are pushing off elective surgeries because of COVID? Any incremental
color would be helpful there.

Shawn Michael Guertin
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So what I would say is in the HCB business, obviously, there's a lag in sort of what we see in any real
time. So we don't have great insight necessarily into July. But what I would say, there certainly has been
-- I've seen a number of media reports about various facilities beginning to cancel elective procedures
again. And so it does feel like there's certainly some push in the system on the deferred utilization side
again. But again, premature to conclude for HCB.

I would say, though, that what we do see on the retail side is pretty strong momentum continuing in
testing in particular. And again, while vaccines are still down in July versus the prior month, they've
probably had a bit of an uptick, as I mentioned in my remarks. So I think clearly, you could reasonably
infer that there -- sort of the ongoing kind of COVID treatment costs are persisting certainly into early
July here and, again, thus why we thought it made sense to be a bit more cautious in our MBR outlook for
HCB.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from A.J. Rice with Crédit Suisse.

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Welcome, Shawn and Susie. Anyway, I appreciate the conversation in the last couple of conference
calls about how the 3 businesses can work together. When you look at it today, what are the leading
opportunities for the businesses, to the retail, Pharmacy Services and the benefits business, to capitalize
on that are still in front of the company? Can you highlight maybe a couple of things that you guys are
particularly focused on and see as opportunities?

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I would highlight a couple of things in front of us. One is, as you know, we have more opportunities
in expanding our digital access and digital connections. We've seen -- across the board with our next best
actions using digital connections, we've seen -- for those individuals, we've seen reductions in overall
medical costs. We also have the opportunity to expand our home service and delivery. As you know, we
are in Coram today. We have kidney care. But I do think that there's more expansive opportunities. It's
a $100 billion-plus market that I think we have more opportunities to penetrate and really enhance our
overall care delivery. So I would point to those 2 as ones.

And then I think there's more that we can do with just the fundamental core business through integration
through selling more of our products, capturing more share of wallet, driving benefit designs across to
support lower sites of care like MinuteClinic and the HealthHUB. So those would be a few I would comment
on. Thanks for the question, A.J.

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. Yes. Maybe just a quick follow-up. I know the slide deck says that the priority remains to continue
to pay down debt. At what point -- with Shawn, the new CFO on board, at what point do you think you
might look at tuck-in acquisitions a little more actively, share repurchase, any of those type of things?
What's the time frame on that?

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, A.J. It's good to hear from you again as well.

So if I thought about the near term being sort of the rest of this year but primarily 2022, we have $4
billion of debt or thereabouts, a little more than that, maturing, and it would be our intention to continue
to delever by paying that off. However, if you think about the level of our cash flows in '21, if we achieved

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

a similar level of cash flow next year even with the dividend, that would still leave a lot of room for other
capital deployment, potentially M&A, potentially dividend increase and potentially share repurchase. So I
think 2022 is a year where we begin to -- can begin to do that in a potentially more limited way but still
meaningful.

What I would say is longer term, as I think about this and as you've heard me say before, my first use
of that and my most preferred use of that capital all the time is to grow the business. And undoubtedly,
that -- there are capabilities that we will need over the next few years to sort of effect our strategy as
efficiently as we can. And so M&A is a part of that. But I've always -- also found that balanced deployment
of capital tends to produce sort of the best long-term results. And so that is a combination of M&A, a
dividend that moves up as EPS moves up and share repurchase that's accretive to your EPS growth on
sort of a steady basis.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Congrats on a very good quarter. So my main question, Karen, is around sort of the relationship and how
you think about your Medicare Advantage book of business and your vision for how you're going to evolve
the HealthHUB presence. I think you talked about Care Concierge for Medicare. Just curious to see how
that kind of like marketplace is really kind of like shaping your thing of what HealthHUBs would look in the
future versus what it is today.

And then the follow-up question would be to Shawn. When you talked about second half guidance, you
mentioned investments in future growth as a headwind. You didn't mention it as a headwind for fiscal year
2022. So just from a modeling perspective, should we think about these investments just as happening in
second half? Or should we also run rate them as we adjust our models for next year?

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Let me just start with -- relative to Medicare. First of all, that is one of our single biggest growth
opportunities, continuing to sell more Medicare, driving the duals. And so we do think that is a big
opportunity for growth on an ongoing basis.

As we think about care delivery and you think about stars performance, the HealthHUBs will play a critical
role. But as I said, we have to have a broad, expansive approach to care delivery, particularly as it relates
to the Medicare patients. So the HealthHUB will play a role. As you know, we have the $0 copay/low copay
now asking -- demonstrating that we can have follow-up visits at our HealthHUBs, but we need to expand
our capabilities in the home, and we need to make sure that we're staying digitally connected to them.

But this new program that we had just recently introduced as part of our planned rollout in the HealthHUB
is really intended to close gaps in care. And the more that we close gaps in care, the better stars
performance we get, the better revenue we get. So you can see that cycle. And that really is a big
opportunity for us. But I really want you to think about Medicare care delivery and a broader role with
HealthHUBs being part of that care delivery strategy. Shawn, let me turn it over to you.

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. In terms of the second half guidance, Ricky, I do think there are sort of 2 levels of investment here.
And one of them each year is when we do have growth better than our original plan. For example, as
we foresee in PSS now, we do then have to sort of staff up and be prepared for that higher growth. So
that's always an element. So part of your question is how you feel about, in essence, '23 growth that we'll
achieve in 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

And I think broadly, there's -- I would not run rate the whole thing, but I do think there are pieces that
tend to run rate forward in the business, whether they're ongoing investments we make in Medicare
distribution and, as I mentioned, in staffing up for customers.

So I -- to -- as I sit here today, I wouldn't run rate the whole thing. A lot of this is still to be determined,
but there probably is a piece that kind of continues if we continue on the trajectory that we're on.

The other element I'd say about second half guidance with some of this is some of the spending gets
sort of pushed back into the year, more towards the end. I think you sort of take that with the natural
seasonality of the Health Care Benefits business. And that would tend to get sort of a slope of earnings for
the rest of the year where Q4 is likely less than Q3.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ralph Giacobbe with Citigroup.

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Maybe just on the labor commentary. First, are you seeing underlying wage pressure outside of the
minimum wage lift? And then I just wanted to clarify the numbers because I think you said the cost would
be $600 million, $125 million the last 4 months of this year, but I think that you also said it would stretch
over 3 years. So I just wanted to reconcile that versus that July 22 -- sorry, July 2022 date that you put
out there.

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let me just start with the minimum wage adjustment. It's a series of investments that we've been
making for our employees since the pandemic, and we are seeing 65% of our employees that are hourly
are already at or above $15 an hour. This is a very targeted investment for our pharmacy technicians, our
front store colleagues, and we will start a series of wage increases beginning in September, which is really
what's driving that $125 million impact to the latter half of the year.

Obviously, it's a tight labor market. We are paying attention. We've got a lot of hiring to do to support
growth. And so far, we see pressure, but we've been managing through it. But we're watching that labor
market. We're seeing impacts in the stores. And that's part of why we're making this wage investment
today. Shawn, do you want to answer the 3-year question?

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Ralph, the way this will play out over the next few years is, as you mentioned, there would be -- the
change in September would be $125 million for the last 4 months of this year. That will annualize next
year, but there'll also be a second change sort of in July of next year, I believe. So the total cost of this
in 2022 will be $485 million, which is a step-up, if you will, of about $360 million from the $125 million.
That second step in July '22 will annualize again in '23 but not to the same degree. So the total cost is
right around $600 million by the time you get to '23, and that's a step-up year-over-year from '22 to '23
of about $115 million.

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. All right. That's helpful. And then just quick follow-up. I just want to clarify, Shawn. I think you
said you would not factor in low double-digit growth on the $ 7.75 base. I think I heard that. But if I do
look at consensus, it factors about 7% growth. So we're not at that double-digit level. And given your
commentary around capital deployment alone, are you willing to say if there is comfort in that sort of mid-
single-digit EPS? Or is it just still too early to even give that comfort or clarity?

Shawn Michael Guertin

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

I would say it's too early for me to give you specific guidance. But if you go back to what I said, I think
the businesses are performing very well, and we will have the ability potentially to deploy some capital
next year. So I certainly wouldn't dismiss that as something that's not sort of in the thinking or not a
viable target. But again, I want to stay away from giving precise guidance. But the core fundamentals
of our business are excellent right now. And again, with the return to kind of a more balanced capital
deployment, I certainly feel good about sort of the longer-term trajectory.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Mike Cherny with Bank of America.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

So I'm going to dance around the '22 outlook a bit without obviously trying to hold you to anything,
Shawn. But as you talked about some of the tailwinds in particular with regards to the strong PBM and
Commercial selling season so far, can you give us any characteristics of the type of customers that you're
winning, what the real picks that they're looking at relative to how you're going to market and what that
driving force is? Obviously, you had the federal employee plan in specialty that came back that we know
about in the Pharmacy Services. But beyond that, any characteristics that you can point to that are really
resonating in the strong performance year-to-date?

Karen Sue Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Michael, it's Karen. I -- we -- as I mentioned in my opening remarks, very much having a strong 1-1.
Part of it is due to the integration and the products and services that we're offering, and part of it is just
due to the service delivery that we've been delivering to our customers and the value that we've been
delivering to our customers. I'm going to ask Alan and then Dan to talk about specifically what they're
seeing and the types of customers that we're winning in the market. So Alan?

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS Caremark

Yes. Thank you, Karen. So when you look at the Caremark selling season and the Caremark kind of array
of clients, it is a, I would say, relatively normal distribution of clients. We won, obviously, the Federal
Employee Program in specialty, but we won in the health plan segment, we've won in the employer
segment, and we're winning in the coalition segment.

So across the board, we continue to win, and I think the key drivers there are: one, delivering on what
is most important to our clients, which is controlling their drug trend; number two, providing kind of an
outstanding level of service, so avoiding all -- not just avoiding service issues but proactively addressing
our clients' needs; and the third, sort of related to the first, is innovating, particularly around new
programs in specialty like our oncology program, medical benefit management program. So it's really --
there isn't a specific segment that's overperforming other than specialty, obviously, because of the FEP
one.

Daniel Philip Finke
Executive VP & President of Health Care Benefits Segment

Yes. And I would just add that similar to Alan, we are -- have quite a few areas of focus that are
resonating in the market that's leading to that improved persistency that Karen stated but also some
really strong wins in the market. Alan and I have been working really close together on improving the
further penetration of our integrated offering, specifically in pharmacy, which is resonating really strongly,
also dental and behavioral health.

And then like Alan, with our innovative solutions, we're targeting some new capabilities for chronic disease
that use the breadth of the assets of CVS like transform diabetes and transform oncology, which are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

resonating, as well as our new access point products like our virtual primary care. And so that's really
what's leading to a strong and improved national account selling season.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. If I can just ask one more. You highlighted a lot of the investments that you made into the store
base, prepare for the COVID vaccines, COVID testing. As you think about your outlook going forward and
the uncertainty around what the pacing will be of vaccines, pediatric boosters, et cetera, what happens to
a lot of those costs, the incremental labor, the incremental staffing that you've done in terms of how that
should factor into the model on a go-forward basis?

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Michael, so you're right, I mean, we did have to stand up a fairly sizable operation to sort of handle
volume like this. And it's a delicate balance of kind of trying to adjust that as you see volumes change,
but we sort of see how quickly volumes can go up and down. So I think we've been a bit cautious with
that and tried to make sure that we have the capacity if things go in a different direction. This is kind of
an important role that we play, even more important now without as many large-scale sites up. And so we
want to make sure we have the capacity.

So as you think -- the thing, I think, that kind of comes off of that is, as you think now about sort of
vaccine volume up and down, the marginal impacts, right, of those vaccines is probably greater than
average. So it is something that we're paying very close attention to, but a balance.

Neela Montgomery
Executive VP & President of Pharmacy and Retail

It's Neela. I'll just add -- to add that in Shawn's comments, which is that we started the vaccine campaign
with a number of dedicated clinics which had dedicated labor. And since then, we've expanded to all stores
and are now seeing about 40% of the appointments are now walk-in appointments. So they are really
within our existing labor model within the pharmacy. So that does help us to flex up and down much more
with demand that we're seeing on a weekly basis.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I just want to go through the headwinds and tailwinds and try to figure out -- I think we're all trying to
figure out sort of what is the baseline. I know Lisa tried earlier.

I think when we think about the vax benefit, right, I mean, you sized it earlier as $500 million, was
that for the quarter? And how should we think about that benefit for the full year net-net? And I guess
the question really is how to think about what that headwind could be for next year. Like what can we
anticipate? Or do the economics of the vaccine change in your opinion? That's the first one.

And then the second one is, do you think you can still get the same purchasing synergies that you're
seeing this year or next year in the PBM? It sounds like you're getting massive new growth there. I'm
just wondering if you can continue to see the sort of year-over-year kind of growth, which I'm guessing is
driven by the purchasing synergies next year.

Shawn Michael Guertin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I can let Alan comment more deeply on the second one. But what I would say is recall that some of
these initiatives, as I mentioned in my comments, were launched sort of midway or in the second half of
last year. So the effect we're seeing year-over-year is probably more -- is more pronounced than sort of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

the first half of the year than we'll see in the second half of the year. But Alan can kind of comment on the
longer-term potential.

On the vaccine and the testing economics, as we mentioned, $1 billion of the revenue increase is
attributable to those 2 things in our full year outlook. The full year revenue is probably double that. The
margin dynamics are probably a little high just in this quarter just because of some of the timing issues.
But to date, I don't have any insight into sort of changing reimbursements or changing kind of the labor
model we're using to sort of deliver those. So I think that's as reasonable sort of the baseline to begin
to work off of as we can and as we think about next year. And again, I mean, as you think about the
dynamics here, as you have FDA approval mandates, booster shot, there's a lot of things.

And listen, you could make a bull case, if you wanted to, on this, certainly, with what's going on now, and
I wouldn't dispute that. And I'd acknowledge that if our guidance has some upside, this could be a place
depending on how things play out.

The only kind of caution I would put there, though, is to think about some of the interplay of just looking
at this in isolation. So even in sort of inside retail, if we do see an uptick and it does see increased activity,
well, what does this mean for cough, cold and flu for this? What does it mean for front of store? And then,
obviously, the HCB ripple.

So again, I'd acknowledge that there is a bull case that you could make here, but I'd also say this has
changed rapidly over the last couple of months. And I'd just ask you to sort of think about it in a broader
context.

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS Caremark

And Kevin, it's Alan. So when I think about the drivers of purchasing economics on the manufacturer's side
and the sustainability, the first thing I'd acknowledge is, as Shawn has said, when you launch something
new, there's always going to be an outsized step-up. Having said that, I think the future viewpoint on the
ability to create more competition through -- whether it's biosimilars and biosimilar interchangeability, as
we saw recently through generics, particularly in the specialty area, we see that as a -- as we're at the
beginning of the specialty era -- or the generic era, biosimilar era of specialty. So I think that's sustainable
and a good opportunity longer term. I think the growth of our value creation will grow as volume growth.
So as we continue to win new business, we'll continue to grow there.

And the last is we built our -- this platform as a platform for a series of services. So we've just launched
our first set of services. We think there's a number of other ones that we can continue to launch into the
market within the GPO that will create meaningful value for both us and for our customers.

Susan V. Lisa
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. With that, it brings us to 9:00. We appreciate your interest and time. And Ashley, if you could
please give the replay information. Thank you all.

Operator
Again, this concludes today's CVS Health Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call and Webcast. You may
disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

