Darden Restaurants, Inc. NYSE:DRI
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, March 25, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.70

0.98

40.00

1.40

-

3.42

6.51

Revenue  (mm)

1628.08

1733.00

6.44

1992.45

2100.00

6830.29

8900.48

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-25-2021 12:20 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

CONSENSUS

(1.64)

0.05

0.71

0.70

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(1.24)

0.56

0.74

0.98

SURPRISE

NM

1020.00 %

4.23 %

40.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Kevin Kalicak
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate Analysis

Rajesh Vennam
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Ricardo Cardenas
President & COO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Strelzik
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Andrew Marc Barish
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Brett Saul Levy
MKM Partners LLC, Research
Division

Brian Michael Vaccaro
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Eric Andrew Gonzalez
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Howard Wells Penney
Hedgeye Risk Management LLC

Jake Rowland Bartlett
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

James Paul Rutherford
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Jeffrey Daniel Farmer
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Darden Fiscal Year 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time.

I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kevin Kalicak. Thank you. You may begin.

Kevin Kalicak
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Analysis

Thank you, Jack. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating on today's call. Joining me on
the call today are Gene Lee, Darden's Chairman and CEO; Rick Cardenas, COO; and Raj Vennam, CFO.

As a reminder, comments made during this call will include forward-looking statements as defined in the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. Those risks are
described in the company's press release, which was distributed this morning and in its filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

We are simultaneously broadcasting a presentation during this call, which is posted in the Investor
Relations section of our website at darden.com. Today's discussion and presentation include certain non-
GAAP measurements, and reconciliations of these measurements are included in the presentation. We
plan to release fiscal 2021 fourth quarter earnings on June 24 before the market opens, followed by a
conference call.

This morning, Gene will share some brief remarks, Rick will give an update on our 4 operating priorities,
and Raj will provide more detail on our financial results and share our outlook for the fourth quarter and a
partial outlook for fiscal 2022.

Now I'll turn the call over to Gene.

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. It's hard to believe it's been a year since the pandemic
began that significantly impact our business. While I reflect back on everything that's transpired, it is clear
to me the strategy we developed 6 years ago provided a strong foundation to help us navigate this period
of unprecedented change and uncertainty.

Our portfolio of iconic brands has been focused on executing our back-to-basics operating philosophy
while leveraging our 4 competitive advantages of significant scale, extensive data and insights, rigorous
strategic planning and our results-oriented culture. And while our 4 competitive advantages were critical to
our business and operational success this past year, our significant scale and results-oriented culture have
played an outsized role in our ability to emerge stronger.

Our significant scale enabled us to quickly react to the turbulent operating environment. The depth and
breadth of our supply chain relationships ensured that we could adjust our product supply as needed
without experiencing any significant interruptions. We have our own dedicated distribution network, and
the assurance of an uninterrupted supply chain provide a consistency and a high level of certainty for our
operators.

Our scale also enabled us to significantly accelerate the development of online ordering and several other
digital initiatives and cascade them across our brands quickly and effectively. The robust expansion of
our digital platform over the past year has provided us a richer set of first-party data on new and existing
guests.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

Finally, our scale provides us with multiple levers to pull to ensure we had the liquidity we needed during
the early days of COVID-19. As soon as our liquidity needs were solved for, our brands were able to focus
on strengthening their value propositions and transforming their business models.

As our founder, Bill Darden, said, "The greatest competitive advantage our company has is the quality
of our employees, evidenced by the excellent job they do every day." Throughout this past year, Darden
and our brands have emerged stronger, and our success is a direct result of our team members and their
relentless commitment to delivering safe and exceptional guest experiences. That is why we've continued
to invest in our team members throughout the past year.

Since March of 2020, we have invested more than $200 million in our people through programs such
as paid sick leave, COVID-19 emergency pay and covering insurance payments and benefit deductions
for team members who were furloughed. These investments also include our recent decision to provide
all hourly restaurant team members up to 4 hours of paid time off for the purpose of receiving the
COVID-19 vaccine. In addition, these investments include the onetime bonus we announced today totaling
approximately $17 million, which will impact nearly 90,000 hourly team members.

As we continue to grow our business and welcome guests back into our restaurants, continuing to attract
and retain the best talent in the industry will be critical to our success. While we're proud that on average,
our hourly restaurant team members earn more than $17 per hour today, which includes our servers and
bartenders who earn more than $20 an hour, I'm excited about the investment we made this morning.

Beginning Monday, every hourly team member, tipped and nontipped, will earn at least $10 per hour,
inclusive of tip income. Additionally, we are committed to raising that amount to $11 per hour in January
2022 and at $12 per hour in January 2023. These investments further strengthen our industry-leading
employment proposition.

Lastly, I continue to be impressed and inspired by our team members who have shown extraordinary
resilience and passion during the past year. Once again, I thank you for your commitment to delivering
exceptional guest experiences in our dine room and through curbside to-go. You are the heart and soul of
our company. And on behalf of the management team, we're extremely grateful to you.

Now I'll turn it over to Rick.

Ricardo Cardenas
President & COO

Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. As Gene said, it's hard to believe we've been operating
in this environment for a year. In addition to executing our back-to-basics operating philosophy, our
restaurant teams have continued to successfully manage this -- through this situation by remaining
focused on the 4 key priorities we established at the onset of the pandemic: One, ensuring the health and
safety of our team members and guests; two, simplifying operations and strengthening execution; three,
deploying technology to improve the guest experience; and four, transforming our business model.

The health and safety of our team members and guests remains our top priority. Throughout the past
year, our team members have done a fantastic job of upholding our safety protocols, while taking great
care of our guests. Today, even as restrictions are easing in some parts of the country, we continue to
follow our enhanced safety measures. This includes daily team member health monitoring, requiring
masks for every team member, enhanced cleaning procedures and social distancing protocols.

Our second priority has been to continue finding ways to simplify our operations and drive in-restaurant
execution at each of our brands. This environment gave us a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to evaluate
every aspect of how we operate and make decisions we would not have been able to do in a normal
operating environment.

A good example of this work, all of our brands have done to streamline menus and remove low preference
or low satisfaction items. This focus makes it easier for our restaurant teams to consistently execute our
highest preference items, which means we are serving our most popular dishes to more guests. In fact,
a year ago, the top 10 entrees at Olive Garden accounted for about 48% of guest preference. And today,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

they account for approximately 55%. Reducing the bottom selling items eliminates distractions and allows
us to execute at a high level.

We have dramatically reduced low volume items, which reduces the need to prepare them, saving time
and reducing food waste. For example, at LongHorn Steakhouse, the number of total items with less than
1% preference is down to 8 from more than 25 pre-COVID.

Third, we continue to deploy technology to improve the guest experience and build on the progress we
have made over the last 12 months. When the pandemic began and our dining rooms were closed, we
were able to quickly roll out online ordering at our brands that had yet to deploy it. We also streamlined
the curbside to-go pickup process by rolling out the Curbside I’m Here text message notification feature,
so guests can easily alert us when they arrive.

These technology enhancements and other process improvements helped Olive Garden achieve new all-
time high guest satisfaction ratings for delivering on time and accurate off-premise experiences during a
quarter that included 3 busy off-premise days: Christmas Eve, New Year's Eve and Valentine's Day. In fact,
Valentine's Day was our highest sales day since the start of the pandemic.

Also during the quarter, several brands, including Olive Garden and LongHorn, implemented enhancements
to their websites to streamline the online checkout process. This resulted in a meaningful reduction in
order abandonment rates.

Our continuous digital transformation is resonating with our guests. In fact, during the quarter, nearly
19% of total sales were digital transactions. Further, 50% of all guest checks were settled digitally, either
online or on our table top tablets or via mobile pay. We have made great strides in our digital journey over
the past year, and we will continue to strengthen our digital platform and provide our brands with the tools
to compete more effectively.

And finally, the investments we've made to simplify our business through menu and process simplification
have resulted in significant transformation of our business model. For example, across Darden, our hourly
labor productivity has improved by over 20%, with some brands improving by well over 30% such as
Cheddar's.

We thought it would be helpful to provide a bit more insight into what the business model transformation
has done to Cheddar's P&L. Year-to-date through the third quarter, Cheddar's has grown their restaurant
level margins by over 300 basis points on a year-to-date sales retention of 75%. When Cheddar's reaches
100% of the pre-COVID sales, we expect our restaurant level margins to be well in the high teens. While
we don't intend to continue to provide this level of detail in the future, this illustration helps to highlight
the business model improvements our brands are making.

As we have mentioned previously, the simplifications across all of our businesses are expected to result in
150 basis points of margin improvement with 90% of pre-COVID sales. Our business model transformation
also strengthens our belief in our ability to open value-creating new restaurants across all of our brands.
Due to this transformation, the sales required to exceed our return expectations are much lower today. In
fact, we opened 6 new restaurants during the quarter, and each is exceeding our expectations.

Before I hand it over to Raj, I want to conclude by saying thank you to our team members. As Gene said,
our success is a direct result of their hard work. Being of service is at the heart of our business, and our
team members demonstrate that every day through their commitment to our guests and each other. Raj?

Rajesh Vennam
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. For the third quarter, total sales were $1.73 billion, a
decrease of 26.1%. Same-restaurant sales decreased 26.7%. EBITDA was $236 million, and diluted net
earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.98.

Turning to this quarter's P&L. Food and beverage expenses were 80 basis points higher than last year,
primarily driven by investments in food quality and mix. Restaurant labor was 20 basis points higher. As

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

Gene mentioned, we invested approximately $17 million in team member bonuses this quarter. Excluding
the team member bonuses, restaurant labor would have been 80 basis points favorable to last year. The
favorability to last year was driven by hourly labor improvement of 280 basis points due to efficiencies
gained from operational simplifications Rick discussed. The hourly labor improvement was partially offset
by deleverage in management labor due to sales declines.

Restaurant expense per operating week was 16% lower than last year, driven by lower workers'
compensation, utilities, repairs and maintenance expense. Restaurant expense as a percent of sales was
250 basis points higher than last year due to sales deleverage. Marketing spend was $52 million lower
than last year, with total marketing 200 basis points favorable to last year. This all resulted in restaurant-
level EBITDA margin of 18.4%, only 150 basis points below last year. Excluding the onetime hourly team
member bonus, restaurant-level EBITDA margin would have been even stronger at 19.4%.

We impaired 1 Yard House restaurant this quarter, resulting in a noncash impairment charge of $3 million.
This location was in Portland, Oregon and had been temporarily closed since April.

Turning to G&A. We finalized the legal recovery during the quarter, resulting in favorability of $16
million. This favorability was partially offset by $8.8 million of mark-to-market expense on our deferred
compensation. Excluding these 2 items, G&A would have been $86 million this quarter. As a reminder, the
mark-to-market expense is related to significant appreciation in both the Darden share price and equity
market this quarter. And due to the way we hedge this expense, it is mostly offset on an after-tax basis.

Page 13 of this quarter's presentation illustrates the $8.8 million reduction of operating income and
corresponding operating income margin reduction of 50 basis points from mark-to-market expense. Our
hedge reduced income tax expense by $7.2 million, resulting in a net reduction to earnings after tax this
quarter of $1.6 million.

Our effective tax rate of 2.3% this quarter was unusually low due to 2 factors: first, the tax benefit from
the deferred compensation hedge I just mentioned reduced the tax rate by 5 percentage points; second,
the stock option exercises this quarter drove approximately $7 million of excess tax benefit, reducing the
tax rate by 4.8 percentage points. After adjusting for these factors, our normalized effective tax rate for
the third quarter would have been 12.1%.

Looking at our segment performance this quarter. Olive Garden saw segment profit margin increase versus
last year despite sales declines. Our continued focus on simplified operations, which significantly reduced
direct labor, combined with lower marketing expenses, drove this margin improvement.

Segment profit margin declined for LongHorn as higher-than-average beef inflation and other investments
drove higher food and beverage expense. In addition, both labor and restaurant expenses were higher
as a percent of sales due to sales deleverage. Segment profit margin declined for Fine Dining and Other
segments due to deleverage across the P&L from the significant sales decline year-over-year.

We generated over $240 million of free cash flow this quarter, ending the third quarter with over $990
million in cash. Our recent performance has given us better visibility into the durability of our cash
flows. Therefore, we will return to our 50% to 60% dividend payout target applied to future earnings to
determine our dividend. To that end, the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share,
matching our pre-COVID dividend level.

The ability to resume pre-COVID dividend levels just 12 months after suspending it is a testament to the
strength of our business model and the durability of our cash flows. And finally, today, we announced a
new share repurchase authorization of $500 million, which replaces all previous authorizations.

Turning to the fourth quarter. As of today, we have 99% of our dining rooms open with some capacity.
This morning, we provided sales trends for the first 3 weeks of the quarter in which we saw week-to-week
sales improvements as the vaccine rollout progressed, dining room capacity increased and consumers
began receiving stimulus checks.

Taking that all into consideration, we currently expect for the fourth quarter: Total sales of approximately
$2.1 billion; EBITDA between $345 million and $360 million; and diluted net earnings per share from

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

continuing operations between $1.60 and $1.70 on a diluted share base of 132 million shares. We've also
updated our full year outlook for capital expenditures to be between $285 million and $295 million, and we
anticipate opening 33 net new restaurants for the year.

We continue to believe we can achieve pre-COVID EBITDA dollars on 90% of pre-COVID sales, resulting
in 150 basis points of EBITDA margin growth, and our Q4 outlook falls within this framework. As we move
beyond the fourth quarter, there are additional costs such as training, travel, growth costs, incremental
marketing and other investments that we expect will need to come back into the P&L.

And while it's too early to provide insights into fiscal '22 sales and earnings, we did want to provide some
preliminary guidance for a few items. We expect total capital spending between $350 million and $400
million and open approximately 35 new restaurants in fiscal '22. We also anticipate an effective tax rate in
the range of 12% to 13% for fiscal '22.
And with that, we'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] David Palmer with Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a clarification first. The -- that rubric or thinking about 150 basis points of margin expansion
permanently, did that contemplate these labor investments that you're making? That clarification would be
helpful.

But my question is really about the seating currently and your thinking about the meaningfulness of recent
weeks. The seating capacity, you mentioned you have partial dining rooms in 99% of the restaurants or
locations, but how much of the seating is available currently? And how much do you think that, that is
holding back comps?

And Gene, and my follow-up, which I'll just say right now, it looks like these off-premise numbers are very
strong. The mix is very high even as people get more comfortable. Are you rethinking the stickiness of
that off-premise business? And I'll pass it on.

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

David, yes, the labor investments we've made is embedded in the 150 basis points improvement we think
we can make at 90% of sales. So that is inclusive there.

Let's talk about the dining capacity. Basically, the way our dine-ins are laid out, LongHorn has an
advantage over Olive Garden in its utilization because of the number of booths. But the way to think about
it is we're somewhere between 50% and 60% capacity inside the dining room, depending on the particular
floor plan. And so there's still limitations of availability inside our restaurants. As long as we're following
the CDC guidelines, it doesn't matter what the local municipalities are doing. And we believe right now, it's
in our best interest, our team members' best interest, with the priority of their health and safety for our
team members and our guests, to continue to follow the CDC guidelines. And so when we think about our
dining room, somewhere between 50% and 60%, 65%, depending on the individual floor plan.

Off-premise stickiness. Let me just -- let me start off by saying, I am incredibly impressed with what our
team has done to improve our capabilities in the off-premise experience. The digital experience is getting
better every single day. It's being adopted. I thought -- in Rick's prepared remarks, he talked about 19%
of our total sales now being digital. I think that's really impressive. I do believe that as more -- as we get
to offer more capacity and we see this in individual restaurants, that the off-premise will start to fall off.
I think while the capacity is limited, and there's still a lot of people out there that aren't fully vaccinated,
there's still good demand for the off-premise.

I believe that because of our capabilities that we've developed during the pandemic and our vision for how
those capabilities will continue to improve in the future, our off-premise business will still be robust when
it's all said and done. I can't tell you today what that percentage is going to be.

Operator

Dennis Geiger with UBS.

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Gene, I wanted to ask a bit more about any kind of regional differences that you might be seeing. I think
you gave some interesting color there on CDC guidelines being the capacity constraint in most cases for
your restaurants. But curious, by region, by state, if you're seeing a notable difference in performance-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

based on those state restrictions. And then just kind of following up on that, as it relates to off-premise
where you do have greater capacity in select restaurants or states, if that off-premise looks a whole lot
different than it does across the system on average.

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Well, obviously, we're only at 25% capacity in California, which is -- that's pretty restrictive there. So
yes, our takeout percentage is higher in California. So I would say there's still pressure on the coast, both
coasts. Especially in the Northeast part of the country, you're still seeing mobility not as great as it is in
what I would call from Arizona all the way over to Carolinas, where I think mobility is much greater and
the consumer is much more willing to get out and move around. So there's difference in sales there.

But every day, I mean, this is very dynamic folks. This is changing daily as more and more people get
vaccinated, more and more people get -- become confident in their ability to be mobile. And it's getting to
the point where I think we're cautiously optimistic and excited about what's going to transpire here over
the next few months, maybe a few years.

Operator

Jeff Farmer with Gordon Haskett.

Jeffrey Daniel Farmer
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Sorry, just looking for a little bit of a follow-up call here. So -- and just in terms of looking at the To Go
sales, I'm curious what you've learned in terms of the nature of these customers. Are they new customers
that are -- are they new customers? Or are they existing customers driving increased frequency? I'm just
curious what you guys are seeing in terms of who's actually driving these very strong To Go sales levels.

Ricardo Cardenas
President & COO

Jeff, it's Rick. Thanks for the question. In regards to the To Go sales and who's driving it, at the start
of the pandemic, we saw a lot of new customers, a lot of new ones coming and hadn't been to our
restaurants before. And the frequency with which they reordered was pretty high. We're still seeing those
new customers, but everybody is ordering to go, right? If you came into the dining room and the dining
room is full, you may just walk over the To Go station in order. But the frequency of our newer customers
was higher and is higher than the frequency of our existing customers.

We are really happy with what we've done, as Gene mentioned, with the technology that we put in the To
Go business. It is helping to get some younger people in our restaurants or to order To Go. What we've
done with carside to go and Curbside I'm Here has made it so much easier for people to come pick up.
And so we feel really good about the customers we're getting and the information we're gleaning from
them.

Operator

Jake Bartlett with Trust Securities.

Jake Rowland Bartlett
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Great. Gene, my first one is just the comment about the 50% to 60% capacity in terms of following the
CDC guidelines. As we look at restrictions easing across the country, do they really matter? Or should
we just really kind of think about just the overall guidance from the CDC as we think about your capacity
increasing?

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

Yes. I mean, I think it's a very interesting question. I think we're hoping that CDC comes along with the
consumer and the consumer behavior. We feel right now, it's still prudent to follow that guidance. There
may be a point where we determine that guidance is out of date, and out of date with the consumer in
a certain marketplace, but it's too early to tell. Right now, we believe that the best course of action is to
continue to follow the CDC guidelines.

And just back on the 50% to 60% capacity, one of the things you really lose in like on a LongHorn box is
that those 2 or 3 deep standing at the bar waiting for tables, that's not there. So that's kind of included in
that lack of capacity that we have right now. We're still asking guests to wait outside and not congregate
in our lobbies. So there's revenue that we're losing there, too.

So I think here in the near term, I think it's let's follow the CDC guidelines. And let's see if some other
leading indicators around COVID cases and the death rate continue to decline, and then we'll continue to
reevaluate as we move forward.

Jake Rowland Bartlett
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then I had a question about the fourth quarter guidance. And maybe in the context of the
weekly same-store sales that you gave, and the last week was obviously very strong and positive. I
believe the guidance is implying still lower, I think, about 8% or 9% lower average weekly sales in the
fourth quarter versus '19. So I think you're expecting a deceleration from current levels. Maybe if you can
just talk about that and then if there was anything abnormal about this last week in relation to '19.

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Well, yes. Well, the government sent a bunch of checks to a lot of people. I mean, we use a lot of stimulus
in the marketplaces. There's multiple variables that are transpiring, right? So we've got stimulus being
sent out, we've got vaccinations increasing, we've got the virus declining.

What we can't do is really tease out which one of those variables is driving this. We believe that stimulus
is a really big part of maybe the back end of [ 14 ], weakening [ 14 ] and the weakening 3 21. And so we
don't have that stimulus in our outlook for the rest of the quarter. We know from history that, that fades.
And this was a big stimulus package, so we'll see how long it lasts. But right now, we're thinking that it
tails here pretty quickly.

Operator

Eric Gonzalez with KeyBanc.

Eric Andrew Gonzalez
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Just maybe a margin question. I think your guidance is implying some of the -- one of the highest
EBITDA margins we've seen possibly in some time. So can you maybe talk about what's onetime, what's
sustainable in terms of that guidance? Clearly, there's some marketing savings and obviously, the 150
basis points that we talked about in the G&A savings. But maybe you can go through that and what part of
the upside to recent trends -- recent margin trends are sustainable going forward?

Rajesh Vennam
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Eric, this is Raj. Thanks for the question. So when you think about the margin, I think it depends on really
where the sales levels are. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there are some costs that have
to come back into the P&L. And that will come back, but it's not like we're going to ramp up those costs as
fast as the sales are coming back here, right?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

So as you look at Q4, one, I want to point out, Q4 generally is our highest -- one of -- is higher on EBITDA
margin than the annual average. Combine that with the fact that we have this decent acceleration in sales
from Q3 to Q4, and some of these costs we're talking about will come back over time as we go beyond Q4.

And when you think about at the 90-plus percent sales levels, if you -- I'm not saying that is the discrete
cutoff. But if you think about it at that level, it's really marketing and labor, are 2 big contributors
positively as a percent of sales, and then the -- partially offset by food cost going up. That's where we
have made some investments. We've all along, made investments into the value proposition for the
guests. And that we'll continue to do that, too.

So we feel like at those levels, marketing and labor will help, food will take away from it. Restaurant
expenses are probably going to be relatively flat, maybe slightly off by 10 basis points. And then G&A, we
should be flat at 90% given the reduction we have done on the G&A.

As we grow from there, we do think some of those sales will come -- some of those costs will come back
in. And I think we're still not saying the margins are going to go down any further, but we do want to
maintain the 150 and see what we can do. But some of these things are going to play out based on the
environment and the economic backdrop.

Operator

Jeffrey Bernstein with Barclays.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

The primary question is just on the wage rates. Obviously encouraging to see you seemingly setting a floor
for the hourly team members. I'm just wondering how large of an investment is this in dollars to assure all
people make at least $10 an hour?

And maybe more broadly, Gene, what are your thoughts on the likelihood of more of a national hourly
and tipped employee wage increase? Maybe you can just share what your approach has been in terms of
pricing or profitability in the states that are already at these elevated levels. And then I had one follow-up.

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Jeff, we're not going to -- we'll always say about the cost of this, is this is covered in our guidance, and
we're not going to get into the specific costs of implementing this program.

As far as wage rates nationally, I mean there's a lot of momentum here. I think that there's momentum
for a bipartisan group to get to a solution that I think everybody can live with. I think that our focus is
more on protecting the tip wage. We think that is extremely important for the overall restaurant business.
We think it's extremely important for both constituents. The server doesn't want that relationship to
change with the consumer, and the consumer doesn't want that relationship to change with the server.
And so our focus and working with the powers to be is explaining how this relationship works and the
importance of this relationship.

And I would point to the fact that our average server earn -- our average tipped employee earns greater
than $20 per hour. And you think -- and that's an average. So you think about as these servers develop
their skill set and become -- and their capabilities and become very competent, they have the opportunity
to earn well above $20 per hour once they become proficient at what they're doing. And I think that's
important to note. I also think it's very important to note that if the tip wage was to be eliminated, the
current compensation model for servers would have to change. The industry would change that -- the
way people are compensated, and it's my belief over time that those people will be compensated less, not
more.

On wage, I would just end with that I believe that we're really well positioned to manage through any
changes here. We've been able -- we've been managing structural wage changes for years. And we do
that through improved productivity. We do that through pricing. But we've been able to manage that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

effectively, and I believe that we're well positioned to manage whatever changes come out of Washington
or out of the individual states as we move forward.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Understood. And then just a follow-up. Just as you mentioned marketing as one of the big helps in terms
of the margin opportunity. I'm just wondering, I think you said it was down $50-plus million in the third
quarter, a couple hundred basis points. Just wondering how you're thinking about that recovery, whether
it's the fiscal fourth quarter or just qualitatively, how you think about fiscal '22. Maybe your thoughts on
various marketing channels for investment or whether there are some permanent savings opportunities as
maybe you shift away from some of the more expensive channels.

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Yes, Jeff, I think right now, the way we're thinking about it is we don't have any definitive plans as we
move forward. We really need to understand what the competitive environment is, and then we have
to really evaluate all the different channels and which is the most effective channel for each of the
businesses, which I believe are very different. And then we'll have to -- if we need to layer it back in,
we'll have to make the decision on what's the highest ROI investment that we can make for each of the
businesses. And so we have some contingency plans already developed. We know what levers we would
pull in different environments.

But right now, we think we're spending at the appropriate level. We're still spending some good money in
Olive Garden. We had -- we bought in the upfront. We're still running some very good television. I really
like the creative. I think the team has done a very good job on the creative. And so I think we're getting
across great messaging.

So it's not like we've cut all advertising. We're still in some digital channels. We're still spending money on
search. We think we're spending at the appropriate levels right now, and we'll continue to evaluate as we
move forward.

Operator

Chris Carril with RBC Capital Markets.

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So clearly, you've used the opportunity over the last year to find efficiencies in the business and lean
further into digital. How are you thinking about the composition of your brand portfolio now longer term
in the context of all the improvements that you've discussed recently and again this morning? And how at
an enterprise level, you're positioned to potentially add brands and further leverage the scale advantages
you've built?

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Yes. We love our brands today. I think that some of our brands that were -- maybe -- I wouldn't say
they're underperforming. They may be underperforming our expectations because against the broader
competitive set, they were they were at the midpoint or even better than that. But the moves that were
made and the structural changes to these business has us really excited and more -- and we think more
about growth for some of our brands that probably didn't have the -- hadn't earned the right to have a lot
of new capital invested in them because the returns weren't -- were -- weren't as competitive inside our
portfolio, and we had better alternatives. That's going to change a little bit. So we're more excited about
the potential growth of these brands.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

As far as M&A goes, I'm going to give you the standard answer that we continue to have conversations
with our Board and look at opportunities. And I really can't say much more than that on that subject at
this point.

Operator

James Rutherford with Stephens.

James Paul Rutherford
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Gene, as guests have started to come back into your restaurants, have you noticed any differences in
their behavior? Are they lingering longer? Ordering more drinks and appetizers, more or less expensive
entrees, et cetera? I'm just kind of wondering if there's any noteworthy changes to guest behavior that
you're seeing as a pattern.

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

No. I don't see any noteworthy behavior. I mean, I think in certain markets, people -- it's amazing. People
get their vaccination, the first thing they do is they go to a restaurant, even though they probably should
wait a few days for the vaccination to be -- but I mean, there's just -- I mean there are a lot of people
that this is -- we're noticing, especially near vaccination sites, that this is their first time out in a year.
And they're just so excited to be back. And they're just -- you can tell because you're seeing some larger
groups of senior citizens that are just happy to be back out, having a dining experience.

So no major changes other than people are happy. I mean, people are happy to be out, and it's definitely
noticeable. There's good vibes in our restaurants right now.

James Paul Rutherford
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Well, that's great to hear. And as a follow-up on curbside, can you give an update on how much of your
system is offering curbside today and the initiatives around, I think, geo fencing, dedicated doors to the
kitchen? Or any other things you're doing to make this hyper-convenient channel kind of even better than
it is today?

Ricardo Cardenas
President & COO

Yes, Jim, this is Rick. On the curbside experience, all of our brands are offering curbside. Now there might
be a few restaurants here and there that might be within -- in malls, et cetera, that it's hard to do. But all
of our restaurants offer curbside today. They all have the Curbside I'm Here feature, where you can text --
you'll go get a text 10 minutes before their pickup time to tell the restaurant that they're here. So they all
have that. Once we implement a technology that works, we blow it out in all the restaurants.

As regards to kind of the building design and change, we are looking at some changes to prototypes as we
build new restaurants to make it a little bit more convenient for our team to bring the food out to the cars.
But there's still a high percentage of people that are picking up in the restaurant, that may be order in the
restaurant and pick up or they just want to walk in and maybe sit at the bar for a minute to watch TV and
-- while they're To Go is being prepared. So we have to keep an in-restaurant type of experience for them
as well. So we're looking at that.

In regards to making a bunch of modifications to our existing restaurants, we're thinking about that.
As we see our restaurants start to build back up in the dining room, we're just trying to figure out the
most efficient way to make changes, whether it's in the kitchen to give them more room for packaging,
but maybe not having a side door because we do believe that the guests may still want to come in. So
we're working through that. We don't expect to make huge, huge investments in our restaurants, existing
restaurants for To Go. We do have some investments to make, but they're not that great.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

Operator

David Tarantino with Baird.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

My question is for Raj. I wanted to come back to your comments about costs coming back into the
business after the current quarter. And I wanted to understand the implications of that. And are you
saying that the math you've laid out with margins 150 basis points higher at 90% of your prior sales
volumes, will that still hold as these costs come back into the business? Or are you going to need higher
volumes after Q4 to hit that 150 basis point bogey?

Rajesh Vennam
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

No, David. I think we are actually expecting to maintain that margin. So we don't need higher volume to
maintain that -- to get to that. And then as volume grows, we're saying we're committed to maintaining
that as costs come back in. But we don't think we're going to be diluting margin. That 150 basis points is
sticky.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then I guess my real question then is how do you see that developing if sales end up going
back to 100% or more of what you had previously? I know you're committed to maintaining the 150, but
is there a line of sight or a path to exceeding that as more sales flow through the model? And I guess, how
do you balance that with the investments that you might want to make to sustain the health of the brands
longer term?

Rajesh Vennam
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes, I think that's a great question, David. I think the way we're thinking about it is as sales grow, we'll
find opportunities to make more investments into guest experience, into food quality, things that we
want to do. And we also have talked about trying to price -- continuing to price below inflation and below
competition. That's one of our bigger investments that we'd make.

Could you see for a time period where our margins exceed and build off of that? Absolutely. But I think
longer term, I think the way we're thinking about it is we don't want to grow it too much. We want to just
kind of find ways to set us up for longer-term market share gains, but still have a pretty robust business
model.

Operator

John Glass with Morgan Stanley.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I had a question about unit development in your '22 outlook. Given what you said about your success
of margin improvement at Cheddar's, what you've seen at Olive Garden, why wouldn't development be
faster? I guess, specifically, if you look at '22 as sort of a stepping stone to faster in '23, is there external
constraints on development? Or is this just internal? This is as fast as you want to grow?

And since you brought up Cheddar's specifically, right, the thesis when buying it was this is a really big
growth vehicle for the company. How do you think about development now that Cheddar's margins are
better? How many of those 35 are Cheddar's? And where do you think that brand can -- what the pace of
that brand growth can be thereafter?

Eugene I. Lee

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

CEO & Chairman

Well, there's a couple of factors, John, driving our ability to only get 35 restaurants next year. Number
one, we -- as we entered into COVID, we dismantled our whole development team. And so we spent the
last 90 to 120 days rebuilding that. But that's really not the driving and limiting factor as we move forward
next year. The limiting factor is that after we get past the letter of intent, every step along the way in
that development process has pretty much slowed down significantly. And it has a lot to do with people
working remotely, and we're not able to negotiate a lease as quickly as we once were. But the biggest
hang up right now is permitting and getting your plans through permit and getting approvals that you
need, getting people out to do your inspections so that you can move along.

So I think the way I would answer is there's external factors that are limiting us being able to open more
restaurants. We have the letters of intent signed. We just struggle past that point. And we hope that when
we get to '23, we can get to the higher end of our 2% to 3%. We believe our pipeline is in good enough
shape to get there. There's enough availability out there, and we're happy with the construct of the deals.
But once we get to past letter of intent, this thing really slows down significantly and really out of our
control.

Now I'll just add that over the last couple of weeks, things are starting to pick up a little bit in the local
municipalities, and we're starting to get some things done. But we're sitting on a restaurant today that we
can't get open because we're waiting on that last inspection. And there's no sense of urgency in that local
community to get out there and make that last inspection.

As far as Cheddar's go, I think the limiter on -- we're thrilled with the business model. The limiter on
Cheddar's will still be the human resources. We've got to build the bench strength so that we can get
that system up and running. There's a tremendous amount of backfill opportunity. We're seeing the
benefits of the backfill opportunity as we're opening some of these new restaurants that we've opened
here recently. And so hopefully, we can get Cheddar's somewhere between 7% and 10% unit growth once
we get everything to where we want it to be. And I think the benefit of our platform is that we don't have
to overtax on one of our businesses to get growth. And I always say speed kills, and we want to be able to
grow this thing responsibly and open great restaurants with great operations, high-volume concepts that
we've simplified, but still difficult to run.

But just one last comment on the growth is that with the transformation of the business model, we think
the big upside now is that there's more Olive Gardens than what we may have originally thought. We can
handle the cannibalization a lot better today than we could before. And therefore, we want to push a little
bit harder on Olive Garden. And we -- and the returns are just fantastic in that business. So that's the best
place to put our capital.

Operator

Lauren Silberman with Credit Suisse.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I also wanted to ask about the labor investments that you announced. Specific to the hourly wage increase
at least $10, what percentage of your hourly employee base will be impacted by this initiative? I guess,
what percentage is currently below $10? And does this affect only nontipped employees? And then are you
increasing wages at a commensurate rate across the board?

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

No, we don't plan to -- I think I'll start backwards on this. We don't think this is going to have to be a big
compression issue. The amount of people this impacts is small. We're not going to give the exact number.
And again, as I talked about earlier, it's included in our guidance for the quarter, and we include it for next
year. And we'll disclose what our wage inflation we've projected to be when we give you '22 guidance. And

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

it's for all employees. It's basically, if you're a tipped employee and your tips -- and your wage doesn't get
you to $10, we'll bring you to $10 an hour.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Yes, I just -- I figured that this was primarily going to impact nontipped because, I think, generally
makes more sense to kind of confirm that. But my follow-up question to that is how does your hourly
staffing level today compare to pre-COVID levels? I guess, what percentage of your hourly employees you
have in the restaurants right now?

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

We have -- I haven't seen the number for last week, but the week before, we were at about 115,000
versus 165,000 active, pre-COVID. And that number is increasing every week. And I think our greatest
challenge right now is staffing. It's staffing, trying to attract people to come to work. That's why we're
strengthening our employment proposition, which is already strong. We've got to staff it. We've got to
train people. We'll train people now and in a very high-volume environment. And so as I really think about,
what we're focused on is really back-to-basic restaurant operations. And part of that, one of those things
that we focus on there is hiring great people and having great certified trainers that are able to train those
people to bring our brands to life. And so that's our #1 -- that's really our #1 priority right now.

Operator

Brett Levy with MKM Partners.

Brett Saul Levy
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

If we could follow-up on James' question earlier. What are you seeing from a demographic standpoint,
given that you guys go up and down the average check continuum? Obviously, we've seen what the
LongHorn and the Olive Garden numbers look like. But if you could give us just a little bit more clarity and
color into what you're seeing across different demographics. I have a follow-up also.

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

I'll just comment on Fine Dining. Obviously, that's coming back a little bit slower. I would say that Fine
Dining in suburbia is performing much better than Fine Dining in essential business districts. We are
incredibly impressed with the weekend business in Fine Dining, even in the central business districts. So
this business is coming back. It's kind of -- we're going to be extremely profitable in this business. But it's
going to definitely come back slower than casual. And so there's -- I will just add that we've been pretty
impressed in the last couple of weeks how this business has rebounded.

Brett Saul Levy
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

And then just other for Rick or for Raj. When you think about the structural margin, pre-crisis, obviously,
you were one of the industry stalwarts, and your -- you've found efficiencies within the model. When you
think 2, 3, 5 years out, what do you think is the potential for where you can get to versus where you were
pre?

Rajesh Vennam
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes, I think it would be tough for me to sit here and project out 5 years from now what we think the
number could be. But all I'll say is we are definitely committed to getting to this 150. And then beyond
that, we still go back to our long-term framework. Once we get back to the sales levels we had before, it's
about that 10 to 30 basis points margin improvement every year, and we think we can still do that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

Operator

Andrew Strelzik with BMO.

Andrew Strelzik
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

On the CapEx guidance, if I have this right, the number of new stores came down a little bit, but the
CapEx is going to be towards the high end of the range. Are you finding incremental projects to spend
behind this year? I'm just looking for a little bit of color there. And then somewhat related, a question
on technology. Given all the success that you've had on the digital side and the ability to kind of look at
the business holistically through this last year, are you identifying or exploring different ways to leverage
technology kind of going forward? I'm just curious how we should expect technology to be implemented
either from a guest-facing or kind of internal perspective over time.

Rajesh Vennam
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

All right. Just let me answer the CapEx one, and I'll hand it over to Rick on the technology stuff. So from a
CapEx perspective, when you think about our annual CapEx, we're already spending money for next year's
new units, right? So that's why you don't really see CapEx move much because we're still working on our
pipeline. We're still working on next year.

The other thing I want to remind you is this year's spend is relatively low because some of these units
were already built earlier. We spent a lot of CapEx last year, and then we were sitting on these restaurants
because of when the pandemic hit. So that's the color on CapEx. And then, Rick?

Ricardo Cardenas
President & COO

Thanks, Raj. On the technology front, we are in the process of doing another 3-year road map for
technology. We're going to continue to invest in technology to reduce friction in the guest experience and
reduce friction on the team member experience.

We've given you some examples of what we've already done this year with shifting everything to curbside,
going to Curbside I'm Here. We're actually going to make that process even easier as we keep going
forward. We're going to make the process of checking into your -- to the restaurant easier. We're doing
a lot of things going forward. Without getting into too much detail, we expect to spend more money in
technology than we have this year, and we'll continue to invest in technology. We think it's an advantage
for us. It gives us better access to data. And because of our scale, we can do it.

Operator

Nicole Miller with Piper Sandler.

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Two quick questions. The first, on being data rich. Typically, guest satisfaction scores are a leading
indicator of comp. But if we back that up, I guess, I can imagine it's a satisfied employee serving that
guest. So maybe you could compare and contrast the metrics that you look at that are, I guess, external
for guest satisfaction versus internal for employee satisfaction. And perhaps that was tied to grounded
hourly wage changes that you discussed today.

Ricardo Cardenas
President & COO

Nicole, this is Rick. I'll start with the guest satisfaction metrics. All our brands are improving their guest
satisfaction year-over-year from pre-COVID, even with all -- especially because of all of the things that
we've done to simplify our business to make it easier for our restaurants, to get the product to what the
-- get the product to the consumer the way they want it. We're shifting more of our sales to our top 10

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

items, which are high satisfaction items. We've improved significantly To Go experience, which, at the
beginning, was a pretty low satisfying experience. It's getting better every week. So on the guest side, all
the satisfaction measures look great.

And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, on To Go, Olive Garden was at an all-time high for on-time
and accurate off-premise experience for the third quarter, even though it was a really high off-premise
quarter for them with 3 big holidays.

In the employee metrics, the metric that we look at the most is turnover. And our turnover has been
great over the last year. And as Gene mentioned, we just introduced another thing to help the employee
experience and their process of coming to work for us. We're going to simplify the hiring process as we go
forward. But we have just a great employment proposition, which leads to our turnover. Those are the 2
metrics we look at the most.

The last thing I'll say is there are some external metrics that we're really proud of for LongHorn. They're
now #1 in food quality and food taste, with all of the investments they've made over the last few years.
And that's a pretty high bar for us. And we feel really good about the investments they've made, and
that's what's driving our performance.

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

And then I think you had mentioned 6 openings, if I wrote that down. I think the question still stands.
You talked about exceeding expectations. And I wanted to understand how much of that is the strategic
operational control and excellence you have, and how much was that influenced by the external
competitive landscape? And when you first looked at those stores, perhaps there's competitors that just
didn't make it across the finish line and didn't open. So how would you compare and contrast that?

Ricardo Cardenas
President & COO

Yes, Nicole, thanks for that. If we look at the 6 restaurants that we opened in the quarter, and actually,
the restaurants will open this year, their sales levels have been higher than we thought, considering we
opened some of these restaurants at really hard 50% capacity limitations. Now that could be because
other restaurants didn't open. But we've been performing really well, if you look at our guest satisfaction
measures in those restaurants. We've done a really good job in training our people and getting open.

And then the other thing, though, I think a bigger part of our performance is actually at the bottom line
of the P&L. And these restaurants are performing much better on their P&L than the restaurants that
we opened a year or 2 before. And that's because of the simplifications we have made. Whenever you
simplify, you really to make it easy for new restaurants, right? When they open, if they open with a full
menu and a pretty big dining room, it's hard for them. When they open with the menu that we have today,
with a dining room that's a little bit constrained, it makes it easier. But we have also changed some of
our training programs, especially in the Fine Dining brands to make it almost like you're coming into a
restaurant that's always been there. And so we've done a really good job in improving the process to open
new restaurants. So I would give that much more of the benefit than another restaurant or 2 that didn't
open during that time.

Operator

Jared Garber with Goldman Sachs.

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to circle back on maybe some comments from last quarter and as we're thinking about market
share opportunities going forward. Gene, are you still thinking that 5% to 15% closure rate on the
independent side makes sense? And just wanted to get your thoughts on -- 3 months later on how that
environment continues to kind of play out? And relatedly, you made some comments on Olive Garden and
maybe some more opportunities there. Several years ago, you guys put out some data on a longer-term
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

TAM of, I think, it was 900 to 950 and some TAM on LongHorn as well. How should we be thinking about
those opportunities going forward over the long term?

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Yes. First of all, on capacity, I think the last printed thing I saw from Technomic's was still 5% to 15%,
tilted toward the higher end. It's my belief that the restaurants and central business districts will get
recapitalized a lot and be able to come back a lot quicker than what we'll see in suburbia. And so I think
that there's population is still growing. And just the fact that a lot of new restaurants aren't going to be
added are also a benefit as we go forward. So I think as far as the capacity part of it, it's still a real -- a
good tailwind for the industry.

And as far as -- what was the...

Ricardo Cardenas
President & COO

The number of Olive Gardens.

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Oh, number of Olive Gardens...

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes, the TAM opportunity. Yes.

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Yes, I think I would -- as you think about that, we're not ready to put a number out there right now. And
we want to -- the way we think about development is we find the best piece of property that we can find,
and then we try to put what we think is the best -- which restaurant in our brand in our portfolio will
maximize the opportunity of that piece of land. And so I think numbers will ebb and flow. But we believe in
the next few out years, we're going to get closer to that 3% of our framework. And that's where we want
to be.

Operator

John Ivankoe with JPMorgan.

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Obviously, you guys accomplished so much in 2020 around digital, efficient marketing, restaurant
operations reorganization, G&A efficiency. So much maybe that would have taken you 3 to 5 years if
you've been ever to get to some of the metrics that you got. So Gene, maybe this is a question for you
and the Board. How are your strategic priorities changing, if at all? I mean as you accomplish so much
that you hope to accomplish over the next 3 to 5 years, and some of these initiatives are, if not fully
behind you, at least partially behind you, what might be like the next big ideas that Darden is working on?

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Well, I'm not sure what the next big idea is. I think the big thing that we're really cognizant of is how
do we fight the gravity to pull us back, pulling us back towards what worked extremely well for us and
staying -- keeping our eye on the prize of all the gains that we made over the last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

So I think right now, more importantly than ever, the way I'm thinking about it is back to basics. We've
got to run great restaurants. We've got to be able to execute our food, our service and great atmospheres.
And if we can do that, I think -- I always say this simple term, how do we do less better? And I think right
now, we put our businesses through significant change, and I'm in this do less better framework. I want to
make sure that we're running great, great restaurants.

Strategically, I think the way we continue to think about it is how do we ensure we get -- take this
opportunity to get our top line growth to 3%, which is a number we haven't really achieved yet. And 3%
doesn't sound like a lot, but that's a lot of new restaurants in our system. Absolute numbers, right? When
you start adding 50 to 70 restaurants a year, that puts a lot of strain on your organization and puts a lot
of strain on your human resources. So I like this whole notion of getting narrower, not a lot of strategic
change, but let's get into, execute, execute, execute. I believe our brands are differentiated enough right
now to compete effectively, and there's not a lot of work to be done there.

Operator

Andy Barish with Jefferies.

Andrew Marc Barish
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Sorry if I missed it, but I know you've kind of taken a look at the fluid competitive situation, and it doesn't
appear as if it's changing your philosophy on kind of using price as an investment or pricing below the
industry. Can you give us what you're maybe looking at going forward for '22 or so for the 2 big brands, at
least in terms of menu pricing?

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Andy, I think it's a little premature to give -- to signal what we think that -- I think I would -- based on
what -- based start now, I would look at what our norms have been. But one of the things that we got to
-- we'll have to consider is, in this dynamic environment, is what do we think inflation is going to be. And
it's too early for us to really understand what we think inflation is going to be in our fiscal '22. So I would
just look -- if you're looking for guidance on that, I would look more towards our historical norms at this
point.

Andrew Marc Barish
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then a quick follow-up to Raj. Just on the underlying kind of G&A number, the last couple of
quarters, it's been that $85 million to $90 million. Is that a decent run rate going forward at this point? Or
are we missing some reinvestment back into the business that may come into that line?

Rajesh Vennam
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

I'd say at this point, think of somewhere around $90 million as a good run rate to start with. And then if
that changes, we'll let you know in June. But I think at that point, somewhere around $90 million is a good
number.

Operator

Howard Penney with Hedgeye.

Howard Wells Penney
Hedgeye Risk Management LLC

My second -- the next quarter, you -- this consensus estimate is for somewhere around 65% comp, which
implies sort of a 2-year 10% stack. Managing the business in a normal year to see 10% growth would be
incredible. I would love to hear about how you're managing that kind of acceleration in -- I'm not asking
about the comp and whether it's good. Just sort of from the middle of the P&L, how do you hire for that?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

How do you purchase for that? Like how do you manage a business that goes from sort of 0 to 60, if you
will, in comps?

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Yes. Howard, I think that's why I'm trying to narrow the focus of the organization and really focusing on
the back to basics and trying to eliminate any distraction at all. And I believe that the priorities right now,
especially over the next 6 to 9 months is staffing. How do you ensure your supply chain is growing with
the demand and all those other basic things that go on every day? And part of why we're making this
investment today and our people is to say thank you and also to be -- to recruit. We know the people, best
-- the teams with the best people will win in this environment. And we need to attract great people, offer
them great opportunities, provide careers for them. But you've identified what our operating priorities are.
Rick and the presence and really need to focus on this. We're monitoring the number of employees in each
restaurant every single week. We're monitoring today the number of servers in each restaurant every day.
So we understand what our staffing levels are and what we need to do to support that.

Doug Milanes, our Head of Supply Chain, has done an incredible job keeping the supply chain full and
keeping that continuity. We also have a lot of sensitive products that we serve. They have to be aged
appropriately, which they've done a great job on. And so we're focused on -- you highlighted our biggest
challenge. It's not strategic today. It's operational.

Howard Wells Penney
Hedgeye Risk Management LLC

And you didn't mention training. Is there any incremental training associated with that? Or are you going
to bring back people that you -- familiar with the organization?

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

I think we're going to do both. We're going to try to bring back anybody that's familiar with the
organization. But right now, I think most of who we're bringing back, with maybe the exception of
California, is new people. And so what we do in that circumstance is we really -- we have a certified trainer
program that we were able to really energize and connect with these people that are actually doing the
training of the new employees in every one of our brands. And they're the key. And we've got to give them
the tools and the time and the compensation in order to be able to train these new people effectively.

And you're pressing on some of the biggest operational challenges as we ramp this back up. And I think
it's right to highlight that. And I think our teams are going to be up for the task.

Operator

Brian Vaccaro with Raymond James.

Brian Michael Vaccaro
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Just 2 quick ones for me. On advertising, I'm curious if there's been any change in your thinking as to
when it makes sense to begin increasing your spend again. It's not many, but it seems like a few chains
have -- either have or soon will be ramping their spend. So just wondering if that is at all impacting your
thinking. And sorry, if I missed it, Raj, but can you ballpark the level of spend that's embedded in your
fiscal 4Q guide?

Eugene I. Lee
CEO & Chairman

Yes. As far as -- I mean -- and I talked a little bit about this earlier, Brian, is we just have no definitive
plans right now on when we're going to put back in and how we're going to put back in and which channel
we're going to put back in advertising. We've got to look at the competitive environment. We've got to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

see where we're at. I think each brand will come back differently and use different channels that are more
effective for them.

We're still spending a good amount of money in Olive Garden on advertising today. We bought a lot of
television in the upfront. We think that's an effective medium for us. And so we'll continue to spend in. I'm
very happy with the creative. And so this is all what I would call a game time decision. When it's right to
call that play, we'll call that play. But right now, we have no definitive plans to do that.

Rajesh Vennam
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

And Brian, just for Q4 ballpark. I would expect similar levels as Q3, somewhere around $25 million.

Brian Michael Vaccaro
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then I also just wanted to touch base on the commodity outlook. What are your
expectations over the next few quarters from an inflation perspective? And can you touch on some of the
more significant puts and takes within your basket?

Rajesh Vennam
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. We're not ready to get into fiscal '22 yet, but I'll tell you, in -- for Q4, we do expect our commodity
inflation to be a little bit higher, around 2% for the entire basket, with -- I think there's a little bit more in
chicken, and there's a little bit more in -- actually, oil is one where we think it's going to be pretty high.
There are multitude of factors that are impacting oil, as you might already be aware, but that's -- those
are the ones I'd call out.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Kevin Kalicak for final
remarks.

Kevin Kalicak
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Analysis

Great. Thanks, Jack. That concludes our call. I'd like to remind everyone, we plan to release fourth quarter
results on Thursday, June 24, before the market opens, the conference call to follow. Thanks again for
participating today.

Operator
This concludes the Darden Fiscal Year 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Call. We thank you for your
participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 25, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

