DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. NasdaqGS:XRAY
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.32

0.67

Revenue  (mm)

839.02

894.80

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-05-2020 12:36 PM GMT

109.38

6.65

0.60

1.23

2.24

1015.51

3221.98

3692.99

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.75

0.39

(0.05)

0.32

0.73

0.43

(0.18)

0.67

(2.67 %)

10.26 %

NM

109.38 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

John Sweeney
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Allen Charles Lutz
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Trevor Scott Brown
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Erin Elizabeth Wilson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jason M. Bednar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Dentsply Sirona
Earnings Conference call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, John Sweeney, VP of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

John Sweeney
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. I'd like to remind you that an earnings call press release and slide presentation related to
the call are available on our website at www.dentsplysirona.com.

Before we begin, please take a moment to read the forward-looking statements in our earnings press
release. During today's call, we make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views about
future performance and financial results. We base these statements and certain assumptions and
expectations on future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our most recent Form 10-K lists
some of the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our prediction.

In today's conference call, our remarks will be based on non-GAAP financial results. We believe that
non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial
performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain
items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect
to key metrics used by management in operating our business. Please refer to our press release for the
reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results.

And with that, I'll now like to turn the call over to Don Casey, our Chief Executive Officer. Don?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thank you, John, and thank all of you for joining us today. We hope that all your families are keeping safe
and healthy. Before starting our presentation, I wanted to first acknowledge the hard work of the Dentsply
Sirona team around the world. It starts with our supply chain. This group does not have the ability to work
from home, yet has consistently delivered and served our customers without interruption. Beyond our
supply chain, I would also like to thank our entire team globally.

They have shown remarkable resilience during these past 8 months and have remained committed to
our customers and delivering against our priorities. It is a privilege to be part of this team. During our
call today, we would like to cover 4 areas. The first is to outline our third quarter results. The second is
to provide some details on how our business is performing as dental offices have reopened around the
world. We will also provide some context on how we are looking at the short-term environment in light of
the continued uncertainty around the impact of the resurgence of COVID. And finally, we will outline our
priorities going forward.

Overall, we are pleased with the company's performance in the third quarter. The dental industry has
historically demonstrated resilience over the years and continues to show sound fundamentals. Over the
past several months, the essential nature of dental care has been shown as dental offices reopened and
patients returned.

During the quarter, the improving market positively impacted revenues. Further, our performance reflects
the actions we took to manage during the pandemic and respond quickly as market demand returned.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Executing during the pandemic has also highlighted opportunities we have to accelerate parts of our
restructuring. This has allowed Dentsply Sirona to perform at a higher level.

Moving to Slide 6, we summarize Q3 2020 results. Second quarter revenues were $895 million, down
8.8% on an organic basis. This is a significant sequential improvement versus quarter 2 and reflects the
impact of the recovering dental market. Our strong cost containment efforts helped deliver operating
income of $197 million, up 14% versus prior year. This resulted in an EPS of $0.67, up 17.5% versus a
year ago. We are also pleased with our operating income margin, which came in at 22%, up 410 basis
points year-on-year. To provide the details of our performance for the quarter, I will now turn the call over
to Jorge.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Overall, we are very pleased with the robust recovery in
the dental industry in the third quarter, certainly compared to what we experienced in the second quarter.
While there were exceptions in certain countries, for the most part, dental offices were open and dentists
were able to ramp up procedures in their practices throughout the quarter. We are pleased to see that the
steps we are taking to improve our business performance have resulted in positive financial outcomes. At
the same time, we remain cautious on overall industry trends as we move through the fourth quarter.

This is due to a high degree of COVID-19-related uncertainty across the globe. Looking at our 2020 third
quarter P&L on Slide 8. Starting with the top line. Organic sales were down 8.8% versus last year, which is
a significant improvement as we compare to the second quarter performance when we experienced a 50%
year-over-year decline. Gross profit was $506 million or 56.6% of sales, a level that approaches the gross
profit margin rate we had in the prior year quarter.

The margin rate reduction of 30 basis points versus last year was primarily the result of product mix
changes and increased inventory costs due to COVID-19. This was partially offset by both temporary and
structural cost savings initiatives.

SG&A of $309 million was down a substantial $67 million or down 17.7%. SG&A as a percent of sales
declined 450 basis points to 34.5%. The reduction in SG&A was the direct result of decisive actions we
took to manage our cost base during the pandemic, and also the result of the continued execution of long-
term productivity improvements we began implementing last year.

Some of the cost actions implemented in the second quarter were temporary and have been phased out.
For example, at the end of the third quarter, the vast majority of our employees had returned to work. In
addition, volume-driven expenses moved in line with higher sales volume towards the end of September.

One item to note that improved SG&A in the quarter was the reduction of $8 million in bad debt expense
as a result of continued improvement in collection efforts. As a result of the sales recovery and cost
actions listed above, operating income increased by 14.3% to $197 million. Net interest and/or expense
was $13 million in the quarter, up $11 million year-over-year, driven primarily by higher debt balances.
The effective tax rate in the quarter was 20.3%, down from 24.8% in the prior year, primarily as a
function of the changes in the U.S. versus non-U.S. pretax income mix delivered this quarter. EPS was
$0.67, an increase of 17.5% versus Q3 2019.

Before I move to segment performance, let me provide an update on 2 key enterprise-wide initiatives.
First, we are pleased to report that we are on track with the plans we laid out last quarter to exit the
traditional ortho and traditional lab businesses. We are expecting to complete these actions by the end of
this fiscal year. Our portfolio shaping activities make our overall business stronger by allowing us to focus
efforts on areas that provide the greatest growth potential and return on investment. Second, regarding
our structural cost savings target of $250 million, we have achieved approximately $50 million in the first
9 months of 2020, following savings of $89 million during 2019. Our estimates for the total benefit and
investment requirements remain unchanged. We expect the cost of the restructuring to be approximately
$375 million. To date, we have spent $285 million, of which $110 million is noncash.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Moving on to Slide 9, where we review our third quarter consumable segment performance. Reported
sales were at $391 million, down 9.3% on an organic sales basis, relatively in line with the overall sales
performance of the company. All product lines experienced a decline in the quarter, but the most impacted
areas were laboratory and preventive.

In the third quarter of 2019, we announced that we were changing our promotional strategies. We have
followed the new approach consistently over the last 4 quarters. We are now more focused on building
relationships with dentists, delivering clinically relevant products and at the same time, giving strong
incentives to dentists to try our new products. As part of this shift, we are working directly and with our
dealer partners to emphasize promotional programs that incentivize retail demand.

We believe that longer term, this retail-focused programs will deliver improved sales performance.
Consumables operating income margin was 25.3%, a significant improvement as compared to the
steeply negative margins we experienced in the second quarter and is slightly lower than last year. As
we have previously discussed, consumables is a relatively fixed cost business, and the sharp sequential
margin improvement was primarily a function of increased demand and secondarily as a result of cost
improvements.

Moving on to Slide 10, where we highlight our technologies and equipment third quarter performance.
Net sales were $504 million, down 5.7% as compared to the prior year. Organic sales declined 8.5%.
During the quarter, our health care business continued its -- on its growth trajectory. Equipment and
Instruments was flat, as the impact of the pandemic was offset by sales of our new Axeos imaging system.
Digital dentistry declined due to a difficult year-on-year comparison. Please remember that T&E revenues
increased 11% in the third quarter of 2019 primarily as a result of a strong CAD/CAM sales in advance of
DS World.

In addition, COVID-19 and the change of DS World into a virtual event are factors to consider. Third
quarter T&E operating income margin improved from 19.6% in 2019 to 21.8% in 2020. T&E margin was
favorably impacted by our cost savings actions.

On Slide 11, we show our business performance for the third quarter on a regional basis. U.S. sales of
$319 million declined 5.4% compared to the prior year. This represents a decline in organic sales of 6.4%.

Of note, we were pleased to see growth in our consumables business in the U.S. T&E declined as a result
of a very difficult comparison in digital dentistry as we saw strong shipments of CAD/CAM systems, in
advance of DS World in the third quarter of 2019.

European sales were $351 million, down 2.9% compared to last year. Organic sales were down 7%.
In Europe, we saw better performance in our T&E business as compared to consumables. The U.K.,
France and Spain were the biggest contributors to the European revenue decline mainly due to lingering
COVID-19-related challenges. Rest of the world sales were $225 million, down 14.6%, with declines in
both consumables and T&E. The South American market and, in particular, Brazil continues to be severely
impacted by COVID-19. China and Japan were markets that also experienced COVID-related declines in
the quarter.

On Slide 12, we show our Q3 cash flow performance. We had a strong cash flow from operations of $207
million as compared to $159 million in Q3 2019. The increase in cash flow was driven by the higher level
of earnings and effective working capital management across the board. In terms of capital expenditures,
we spent $21 million slightly down from $23 million in Q3 2019.

Free cash flow was $186 million, up 37% as compared to $136 million in the prior year. In the quarter, we
paid $21 million in dividends, bringing cash return to shareholders to a total of $205 million in the first 9
months of 2020. We finished this quarter with a strong liquidity available of $2.4 billion, comprising $1.3
billion cash on hand and committed credit facilities of another $1.1 billion.

The efforts we took during the year ensure that we have ample liquidity available to invest and grow the
company as the economy recovers. As you are aware, we are not providing any guidance on 2020 due
to the ongoing uncertainty in the market, but I do want to share some thoughts on how we are thinking
about the rest of the year. We are encouraged to see the recovery in third quarter trends in the global

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

dental industry, and we are pleased that our costs and productivity improvement actions are driving
margin expansion. At the same time, there are certain considerations that can impact the potential range
of outcomes in the fourth quarter. First, we have some lingering concerns regarding the impact from
COVID-19 on our global operations. Second, it is likely that pent-up demand boosted third quarter sales
and revenue per visit. Third, certain temporary cost reduction initiatives ended within the third quarter,
and sales volume-driven expenses began to increase in line with demand. Finally, our 2019 fourth quarter
benefited from strong sales of CAD/CAM systems due to the highly successful DS World and the U.S.
upgrade program.

Our sales increased 27% and total company sales increased 8.4% in the fourth quarter of 2019.
As a result, Q3 2020 financial performance alone cannot be used as the basis to project fourth
quarter outcomes. Despite the uncertainty, we are encouraged by the structural improvements we're
implementing and their impact on our ability to increase competitiveness and achieve our long-term
financial targets. With that, I will now turn the call back to Don.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jorge. And now let's move to Slide 15. 2 years ago, Dentsply Sirona announced a
comprehensive restructuring program designed to accelerate growth, improve margins and simplify the
organization.

In 2019, we made solid progress in achieving our restructuring objectives, and that progress has
continued in 2020 despite the pandemic. As we look at the objectives set 2 years ago, we are more
convinced than ever that the plan and the targets are the right one.

We have delivered on some of the milestones to date. And are confident that we will continue making
progress against the remaining areas and deliver value for our shareholders. The highest priority of the
restructuring was to accelerate growth. As part of that, our leadership team has spent a lot of time looking
at our innovation process and has made major changes. One of the most important shifts we made is
around R&D. We now really focus on customers and procedures rather than on individual products in siloed
SBUs. This sets Dentsply Sirona up to take full advantage of our broad portfolio that includes category-
leading installed base of digital diagnostic assets, an expanding treatment planning offering and essential
products across a broad range of areas.

In another change, our R&D spending is now done across the company as a portfolio, allowing us to
focus on innovation that is more substantial and sustainable. Over the last 18 months, we have seen
several major new product launches. Highlights include Primescan and Primemill. We have also delivered
improvements in the consumable areas with SureFil one, Palodent 360 and our digital denture program.
We are also seeing a good response to the Astra EV implant.

In the third quarter, we made continued progress on the innovation front. On Slide 16, we highlight the
Axeos 3D-imaging unit. This is a large field of view, 2D, 3D-imaging system that is a practice builder for
dentists. It is clear 2D image quality and a large 3D Field of View for ortho implant, maxillofacial surgery
and upper airway analysis. Axeos is compatible with more than 200 practice management and planning
software system. And of course, it is SureSmile compatible.

On Slide 17, I'm highlighting the benefit we are currently seeing from yet another innovation, our
SureSmile clear aligner system. SureSmile has a robust clinically-driven digital treatment planning
platform. It has an open architecture and accept standard files from a range of intraoral scanners. The
software is seamlessly integrated with Primescan. And we feel Primescan is an extremely accurate, fast
and easy-to-use system. And you can plan clear aligner cases by integrating 3D imaging, enabling full
root-to-crown planning of teeth movement. The software is efficient and many dentists report that they
may not need to refine the treatment plan once it's approved, saving time at the planning stage.

We package SureSmile treatment planning and aligners with a full suite of support from clinical educators,
clinical specialists and digital lab specialists. And we provide training to dentists through our clinical
accelerated programs so that they can get up to speed quickly and confidently and start efficiently doing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

clear aligners. Our team is ramping up our clear aligner manufacturing footprint to meet the expected
level of demand. It will be needed as SureSmile is currently on a solid trajectory, and we expect to see a
run rate of over $100 million in 2021. The example of SureSmile is important for Dentsply Sirona, as it
shows how we think about taking advantage of our unique digital footprint that includes digital scanning
and x-ray imaging assets to offer seamless, easy-to-use solutions for our customers.

In addition to these proven products, we believe we have an outstanding new product pipeline that will
positively impact 2021 and beyond. But growth is not just about innovation. Over the past 18 months,
a comprehensive sales force effectiveness program has been initiated in key countries. It is focused on
allowing Dentsply Sirona to deliver holistic solutions to our customers.

This overhaul involves everything from targeting to messaging and even revamping our sales to cash
process. As Jorge mentioned earlier, marketing initiatives have also been scrutinized and changed.
Dentsply Sirona is now working with our partners to put increased emphasis on programs that drive retail
demand. In the future, programs like One DS will differentiate us in the marketplace. These programs,
coupled with investments in our digital product portfolios, digital commercial capabilities and growth
priorities like SureSmile set the company up for success well into the future.

Our next restructuring goal was to expand our margins. A highlight has been centralizing key functions
like the supply chain, which proved its worth during the challenges presented by the pandemic. Further,
the company has invested in initiatives in areas like finance, IT and HR to help create scale and leverage.
There's been major progress around reshaping our portfolio.

Last quarter, we announced the exit of traditional ortho and the analog lab businesses. All of these
activities allow the company to operate with better scale and efficiency that is critical to propel margin
expansion in the future. Our team is proud of the progress we've made during the past 2 years, but
also understands that there remains a lot of opportunity. Indeed, we have used the last several months
to accelerate activities designed to help the company operate at a higher level. Jorge outlined how
we are looking at the near-term future in his remarks. Regardless of the short-term impact of COVID,
though, we believe that we have a reason to be optimistic about our future. As mentioned earlier, this is a
fundamentally strong category with excellent prospects for growth in the future.

The results from this quarter demonstrate that Dentsply Sirona has the ability to manage through
short-term setbacks. As we look forward, our management team has developed and executed against
a comprehensive plan designed to deliver on our priorities of growth, margin expansion and simplifying
our business. Our entire team is confident in our strategy of delivering integrated scaled solutions to our
customers that take advantage of our unique portfolio.
And finally, Dentsply Sirona has the financial strength and global scale to succeed in the dental market.
Ultimately, teeth do not heal themselves, and we believe Dentsply Sirona has an important role to play in
helping our patients and our customers all over the world with bettering their oral health and helping them
smile. With that, we will now turn it over to the operator for questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I want to start with one for Jorge on the margins. I know you don't want to comment a lot on the fourth
quarter, but I'm just curious on kind of how do you think about the run rate of operating margins from
here, given that you've hit the 22% target?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Tycho. Very good question. Obviously, we are very pleased with the results that we accomplished in Q3.
They show the actual outcome of all the work that we're doing. When you look at specifically at Q3, you
have to think about savings and the structural changes like in 2 different categories. In the third quarter,
obviously, related to COVID and volume challenges at the beginning of the quarter, there were a lot of
temporary cost savings actions that we took. And in fact, that actually began in Q2 when we implemented
furloughs, short week frameworks and actions like that in all of our regions. And so the nature of those
savings are temporary. It's temporary in nature. And we are seeing how some of those expenses are
coming back because a lot of them are a function of volume. And we experienced a very good rebound
during Q3 as the numbers show. So we expect those temporary cost actions to be phased out. A lot
of them have been phased out already, and they will come back in Q4 and beyond. So some of those
expenses will increase.

There were some structural changes that were completed within the third quarter. They will remain. There
are sustainable savings that we have achieved. And so we are not providing guidance for Q4 for obvious
reasons, but what I would tell you is we are very pleased with the trending of our margins. If you go back
to last year, 2 years ago, the trend is very clear. And long term, we remain committed to the financial
targets that we have indicated. COVID could change the timing of that a little bit, but fundamentally, we
are on the same -- on a good path to achieve the margin expansion that we have committed to achieve in
the next couple of years.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then, Don, on the demand side, you noted the quarter was boosted by pent-up demand, more
complex procedures. I'm wondering if you can kind of comment on that trend. And then any monthly
commentary last quarter, you talked about June revenues down 40% July flat. So I'm just curious if
there's any monthly commentary you can provide? And then anything on functional versus elective
procedures in terms of the recovery?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. Actually, I'll go reverse, Tycho, for you. The functional stuff has done pretty well. I mean, if you
look at Endo and you look at some of the basic rest of stuff, that seems to have come back pretty well.
And again, we've referenced a couple of places that you look at the mix. I mean we're seeing complex
procedures, which tend to be more implants or Endo. And if you need a root canal, you kind of need
a root canal. So that stuff's kind of returned pretty quickly. You have some stuff like prevention where
you see kind of a diminishment of Cavitron and look at some of the cleaning and that kind of stuff just
doesn't necessarily -- has not come back as quickly because there's a little bit of concern about aerosol
and whatnot.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

I would tell you the -- how we're seeing the fourth quarter play out. And again, it's a little bit difficult
right now because you're seeing different lockdowns and whatnot. But so far, the trend around patients
making appointments seems to be solid. We don't see a huge change. But again, it's really, really hard to
see exactly how much in the third quarter was a benefit of mix, how much of that -- and when I say mix,
there was more complex procedures done, how much of that's going to trend out in the fourth quarter,
particularly as we've seen some of the big 5 countries in Europe really kind of begin to lock things down.
So we're not going to give you real specific comments, June, July, August, September or October. But look,
we felt that the business returned nicely in the third quarter. We're waiting to see, again, how the kind of
second-wave impacts us across the globe. But so far, we're comfortable with what we're seeing develop.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then before I hop off, can you just break out the ortho and lab contribution? I had a few people
asking what the organic growth would have been backing that out.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Tycho. It was interesting. This quarter, the actual exclusion of those 2 dispositions for the purpose
of calculating organic growth actually made our organic growth worse than reported growth from a sales
perspective. That is because in the quarter, after we announced that we were exiting these 2 businesses,
actually sales were very positive. There was a significant amount of demand as customers and dealer
partners order a lot of product in preparation for the exit of those businesses. So most of the -- or a
big chunk of the delta between reported and organic was driven by those 2 businesses. But it was an
interesting result this quarter. Typically, it goes the other way around. But in this case, organic was a little
bit lower than reported because of that dynamic.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Jorge, just wanted to follow-up on that point you just made. I just want to make sure I'm understanding
what you're saying is that the 2 divested businesses or the businesses you plan on divesting. Those were
excluded from the organic growth calculation. That's what a lot of investors, I'm sure, are asking Tycho
and myself today. So I just want to confirm, you excluded that from the down 8.8% organic.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

That is correct. So our practice is, once we announced the exit from a business or a disposition of the
business, then in that quarter, we'll start making the organic calculation, excluding those assets, obviously,
in both periods, this year and last year. So they were excluded this quarter.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. Fair enough. And then, Don, maybe a 2-parter for you, but I'm sure without saying much on 4Q,
you're not going to bite on kind of 2021, either. But fair to assume, I would think that 2021 revenue
relative to 2019 still going to be down relative to 2019, just given some of the macro headwinds and
kind of consumption headwinds. Would you agree with that? And two, on the cost savings. So it sounds
like you've got about another $100 million of incremental cost savings over the next couple of years to
come out. How does that pace out over the next few quarters? And kind of same question, 2021 operating
margin versus '19, maybe you'll have a little more liberty there than in revenue with those cost savings.
Do you think you can claw back that 18.4% operating margin you delivered in 2019 if revenues are
somewhere flat to down 10% off those '19 levels?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thanks, Jeff. A couple of things. First, I'm not going to bite on 2021. Thanks for giving me the credit
upfront on that. But your -- the comparative base we're using is 2019 right now. Again, the mix for us is
really going to be how do people come out of the second wave, kind of as we look at that. And that is the
big piece that we're kind of working our way through right now. I mean the one thing I'll tell you, we're
increasingly optimistic that we're not going to see dentist's office shutdown, which we -- obviously, that
was a big feature of what went on in 2Q.

In terms of -- you're accurate on the cost savings. I mean, we had said initially, it was kind of in the $225
million range, and we took that up last quarter and we feel pretty good that we're going to be on track to
deliver those cost savings. And if you actually look, Jeff, at how they metric out 2018, 2019, and kind of
what we're talking about in 2020, we're kind of -- they're not exactly even, but it's kind of a continuous
improvement process. So if you want to extrapolate on how we're thinking about that is, "Hey, look. This
year, we're going to anniversary $60 million in cost savings in the quarter." And that's kind of how we're
looking at it going through in 2021.

The cost savings, I would tell you, are, in my mind, somewhat independent of revenue. In that there's
things that we have to do structurally, how are we thinking about headcount, how are we thinking about
process, how are we thinking about the timing of when different functions could centralize. So we feel that
we're pretty much on target. And again, it will be a consistent kind of improvement process over 2021,
2022. Jorge just kind of mentioned look, we had laid out the target of '22 in 2022. Whether that target
is exactly hit given COVID and given where revenues potentially could fall in 2021, it's still a little bit of a
question for us.

I would tell you, we're really committed to that 22 number. And obviously, look, we hit it this quarter. And
I think we're trying to tell you guys that there have been excellent structural improvements, but there are
some stuff that was like temporary work, short-work week, furloughs and other things that ramp down as
we bring people back, and you're starting to see revenue. I mean, we had a $900 million revenue quarter.
There's -- we pay commissions and we pay dealers and all that stuff. So some of that comes back. But the
22 margin is in our mind, absolutely, a, attainable; b, it's really something we're committed to. And again,
what the exact timing is that could get pushed a little bit, but we think we're going to get there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

One and then a quick follow-up. The hardest part of the model for us to sort of get our heads around just
on a month-to-month basis is the rest of world because it is so diverse. And because there are sort of
different lockdown dynamics there. I wonder if you could talk, even though you don't want to give 4Q
exactly just about how you see the progression of growth in 4Q exiting 3Q and if you see any signs of
encouragement that things there that could be stabilizing? And then I do have a follow-up.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Steve, let me start, and then I'll have Don complement the question. I think in Q3, outside the U.S.,
there was a mixed bag. A lot of the issues were related to lingering COVID concerns. You have markets,
for example, like the U.K. that was severely impacted by COVID. You have markets in Latin America,
Brazil, in particular. And then a few countries in Asia that were impacted. So that's -- those are where I
see the concentration of issues so far.

The recent announcements with respect to lockdowns, hard to forecast how that's going to impact the
numbers. So far, we have not seen any new things as it relates to those lockdowns, but it's early to tell.
So that's kind of the trends that we're seeing in international markets. There are other markets, for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

example, the German area, our DACH region, that includes Germany and a couple of other countries.
Those markets have actually performed relatively in line or well relative to the rest of the company.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. And the only thing Steve, I'd point out is what is your mix of countries and what is your mix of sales
there? One of the things that we are noting in, obviously, the U.S. with DS World and the timing of that
and moving that to a virtual event, that will certainly color how we think about the mix between Q3 and
Q4, but the other thing that we're kind of going on is how much technology and equipment is going to be
sold in Q4, rest of world as people lean into additional lockdowns and whatnot.

So again, we're not trying to be evasive. It's just -- at this point, we're there's a couple of vectors that are
a little bit hard to understand, just the mix of consumables, T&E and the mix of rest of world and exposure
to different parts of the business to different parts of, whether it's Asia, whether it's Brazil or whether it's
something that's going on in Europe.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. That's certainly fair. And then just a couple of quick clarifications. One, Jorge, I know there was
a dialogue back on the 2Q call appropriately about the impact of supply and inventory on 2Q. Would it
be fair to say that the level of inventory in the supply chain was not a factor one way or another for 3Q?
And if it was, could you help us understand whether or not inventory or supply levels might have been a
factor?

And then, Don, it'd be helpful if you could just spend another minute sort of kind of commenting on
the decision to put the $100 million number out there, which you seem to pound a little harder here
as it relates to SureSmile for next year. What have you seen in terms of the progression as you really
concentrate on the digital side of ortho, that seems to have you a little bit more optimistic there?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. With respect to inventory, let me make a couple of macro points. I think first, in situations like
the one that all companies have been dealing with in the last several months, reducing inventory is
an important goal from a cash flow management perspective. When I look at our inventory -- internal
inventory, you can see our cash flow numbers, right? There is a -- we have generated a lot of cash, and a
lot of it has come from the good job that the supply chain team, our internal supply chain team has done
lowering inventory levels. So I think that is an important thing to keep in mind. I assume many companies
are trying to do that as well.

Second point is, for us, what really, really matters from a market and financial standpoint is we want to
make sure that the end demand that retail customers satisfy from a supply perspective, that service levels
are good. And we are seeing that. So from a retail sales perspective, based on all of the reports that we
get from our channels, we are seeing good, good performance on a retail basis. And so as a result, it is
possible that inventory levels in the network have come down. When you look at those 2 things, when you
put those 2 things together, it is possible that inventories in the networks have gone down as a result of
those macro points that I have made.

Long term, and we talk about this last quarter, we are very much focused on retail and making sure that
wholesale and retail shipments over time get as close as possible. I don't think that is -- we are there right
now, but that is our goal, that those 2 numbers get as close as possible. In the meantime, there could be
gaps and ads on flows. But nothing that really impacts our long-term financial trajectory.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. And just to build on that final point that Jorge is making, about a year ago, we started talking about
we really wanted to launch programs like the One DS program that focus on let's create retail demand.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And as such, we said that there was going to be fluctuations in inventory that Jorge is referring to. And
as we continue to work through that and you see elimination of things like quarter end buys, yes, it's
possible, Steve, that you've seen a reduction in inventory. That's both COVID-related as well as some of
the stuff that we've done. But ultimately, again, we're pretty comfortable with how things are performing
at retail.

And eventually, that all smooths itself out. In terms of SureSmile, it's interesting. We've been doing a
lot of work on SureSmile. And we bought our metrics close to 2 years ago. And we had to do some work
around that. I mean, we really want to make sure that we had a scalable supply chain that we really
advance the state of the software, and we did that with 7.6 and then basically, not quite a year ago, we
launched the One DS program that put a real emphasis on how are you going to get our installed digital
assets, whether it's Primescan or whether it's Omnicam, how do we integrate SureSmile seamlessly with
that. And then with One Ds really provide the general dentists with some incentives to try SureSmile
and the process is working. And as you guys know well from us or Invisalign and other people, it's pretty
formulaic. How many starts did you get and things begin to roll through? So what we're seeing in the
third quarter and the fourth quarter give us confidence to start talking about a run rate in excess of $100
million as we get out of 2021. And again, the focus -- one of the reasons we felt very comfortable getting
out of the traditional ortho business was because we were seeing the beginnings of what we're very
excited about with SureSmile and we've seen that validated in the third quarter.

And obviously, again, we can see starts and we can see trials that give us optimism in the future. And
the important part for us is okay, are we seeing a dentist just try this once? No, we really want to see
a dentist do 3, 4, 5 cases. And once they get to that 3, 4, 5 cases, it becomes relatively predictable. So
that's what we're seeing on SureSmile right now, and we're excited about that as a growth pillar for the
company.

Operator

Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Crédit Suisse.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Dan, can you detail a little bit about the decline in digital dentistry. Was it consistent with your internal
expectations in this sort of environment? Is anything changing from a competitive landscape standpoint?
Or is it just the tougher comp? And can you detail a little bit of the feedback on Primescan? Are
practitioners opting more for the stand-alone Primescan offering versus full chairside, particularly in this
sort of environment?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thanks, Erin. And I'll take this one. First, I -- we feel very good about what's going on in retail with CAD/
CAM right now. We feel that Primescan, Primemill are moving at retail. And I think if you look at some of
the commentary other people have made, I think we're consistent with that. That's the first thing. Second,
the thing that really kind of blurs what's going on right now is we had a DS World that was sitting in the
late Q3 and as a result, and we had a really, really good DS World a year ago. And so we're working off
a tough comp there, where you had both our partners get very, very aggressive about what was going to
go on at DS World and worked out very, very well. So first, I would tell you, retail, very comfortable with
what's going on. We're very excited with the reception of Primemill and Primescan is really doing very,
very well in the marketplace. So that's Point 1.

Point 2, it's really the comp that's obscuring what's going on. And again, as you see our dealer partners
report, they feel very good about what's going on is a validation of what we see on a retail basis.
Right now, I'd tell you, we're pretty comfortable that we're competing effectively in the DI space with
Primescan. It's been an area of emphasis for us. But I will also tell you that with Primemill, we're now
selling full systems that really -- and we're getting an excellent reception to this idea of 1-visit dentistry in
a COVID environment. You're taking people out of the system where it might be a 2-, 3-, 4-visit situation,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

if they're going to do it conventionally with the crown versus hey, we can -- particularly with the speed
of Primemill, we're in a position where you can sit there and say people can come in and they can have
everything taken care of within an hour, and has been well received in a post-COVID environment. So
again, generally, very happy with what's going on with Primescan. And again, competing effectively in DI.
Primemill gives us a real leg up in chair -- fullchair side as well.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then on the DSO front, can you detail kind of your experience there? Have they
performed better than stand-alone practices in the COVID environment? And has anything changed in
terms of your strategy at all on the DSO front just during the pandemic?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Erin, the DSOs did really well in the pandemic. I mean there's a little bit more certainty. And obviously,
when you talk about some of the larger DSOs, they were in a position to let's get our offices open and
might have had access to PPE a little bit earlier than some of the individual practices. It doesn't change
our strategy. Look, we feel that we're competing effectively in the DSO space. I think we -- it's an area
that we have opportunities to do even better in the future. As we begin to really focus on this idea of
procedures, when we talk to the large DSOs and kind of the mid-sized DSOs, it's all about right now, how
-- what is procedure time, what can my dentist get done? Can a general dentist do kind of entry-level
specialty procedures, whether that's implants, whether that's Endo or whether that's clear aligners and
what can you do, Dentsply Sirona to help us get there, and we feel we're very competitive in that offering.
So DSOs, I think, came back a little faster. I think that situation has equaled itself out as PPEs become
generally available. And we look at it as the long-term opportunity for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Jorge, could you maybe provide a bit more detail on the decline in the rest of world business. It sounds
like Brazil was challenging. I would have thought China and Japan maybe would have done a little bit
better, given there maybe a little bit further along in terms of dealing with COVID. So just any more color
that you have there would be helpful just as we think about these markets going forward?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Nathan, yes. As I said before, if you go down on a specific market, obviously, Brazil is one -- is trouble
spot. I think U.K. has been also experiencing a lot of challenges from a COVID perspective. Specifically
with respect to China is obviously a very big market. And the performance in that market is not consistent
across the board. There are some categories that have been more impacted than others. And so when you
think about the impact or growth in China, you have to take into account the product mix that companies
have exposure to in that market.

In our case, categories where we are, say, over-index were more impacted by COVID. And that is the case
also in probably a couple of other markets in China. There are also areas in Eastern Europe that have been
impacted. The -- and then as I said before, your question, the DACH region for us actually performed well
for us to the other regions of the world. That helps?

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. That's helpful. And then, Don, maybe just a quick follow-up on DS World. Obviously, moving virtual
this year, you kind of have talked about the tough comp. A lot of the upcoming trade shows also going

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

virtual. Can you maybe just kind of talk about how you see that changing the selling dynamics as you kind
of adjust to this new environment?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Nate. DS World, the thing we love about DS World is obviously a very concentrated selling
event. So we have partners there. They're bringing their sales force. We're bringing our sales force. And
obviously, we're creating an event where 8,000 -- last year, 8,000 dentists were there live. What we're
seeing with the virtual DS World, We're getting good reception to it. I don't think we're going to see the
concentrated selling event that you would have seen when we're out in Las Vegas.

So we're looking at a, what's attendance going to be? We think it's not going to be the same. Number
of people attending over the course of this year, the virtual DS World is a week-long program. So we're
not going to get quite as many people and there's not going to be, in our opinion, as -- but we'll see as
immediate a reason to go buy. So we tend to see -- we think that the underlying demand is very, very
good. Closing these specific sales, it may be a little bit more gradual than what we have seen in the
past. So again, we're all adopting to the virtual world. I mean the good news is there's not the expenses
associated with it. And we're going to see probably a more normalized demand curve.

One of the challenges for the supply chain is when we're going to go have a big DS World, obviously, it
creates some peaks and valleys in our supply chain, which we don't have to deal with. But we'll learn this
year. I mean, between DS World and obviously, next quarter, you're going to have IDS, which is not going
to be a well-attended event, and a lot of that is moving virtually as well. So we're going to learn over time.

I would tell you, Nate, over time, we -- I expect that to equal out. You might see a much more level
loading of what demand looks like. And the thing that we're really looking at, and we can see orders and
we can see how that's trending. We feel really good about how Primescan, Primemill is performing right
now.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Cherny with Bank of America.

Allen Charles Lutz
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

This is Allen in for Mike. Is there any indication that the pent-up demand that you saw in 3Q is carrying
into 4Q? Basically, is there anything to call out there?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think it is a very hard assessment to make. I think pent-up demand was a big factor in Q3. Going
into Q4, really hard to predict. There might be a little bit, but probably not of the same extent to the same
extent that we saw in Q3.

Allen Charles Lutz
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. And then just anything we can say about the confidence level of dentist today versus where it was
about 3 months ago around capital spending?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Pretty -- first, Allen, thank you for the question. Pretty good. I mean, it's interesting, the thing that we're
seeing on a global basis is that -- and you can see it in our performance technology and equipment did
pretty well. Look -- and we had actually thought, based on what we had seen in prior downturns, that
T&E would have come back a little bit more slowly. And that hasn't been the case. So as you start seeing
pandemic-related stimulus, one of the things you see are tax incentives on a global basis that may lead to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

people having incentives to buy technology and equipment toward the end of the year. That's particularly
in Europe, that becomes an important issue.

And what we're seeing in the U.S. is, again, I had mentioned to Erin, we're really happy with how this idea
of single visit dentistry is playing out. And I do think one of the offshoots of the pandemics, so you had
dentists really kind of go down April and May. And a lot of the dentists really use that time to first, judging
by all the CE we saw, a tremendous amount of clinical -- continuing education, Part 1. Part 2 is they really
assess their practice. And the conversations that we've had subsequent to that really tell us that there's a
pretty significant group of dentists that recognize, hey, we're going to -- what we learned in the pandemic
and what we've learned subsequent where you're going to have to think about patient flow a little bit
differently because of infection protocols. Hey, chairside -- single-visit chairside dentistry makes a heck
of a lot of sense. Second issue is we're excited that they're seeing, hey, we really need to move to digital
dentistry because that's going to allow us to pick up time rather than do impressions, having somebody
shoot a scan with a Primescan that's going to take less than a minute.

That's a timesaver, and they're looking for timesavers in the post-COVID world, and the last thing we
mentioned in a couple of places, Axeos, which is our new wide field of view imaging system, and we're
seeing good pickup on that. And we feel that, "Okay, you do see people, why would somebody go out
and buy an Axeos?" Well, they're really looking at as a practice builder that lets them get into things like
implants, things like clear aligners, particularly when you take a digital scan and you combine it with a 3D
image with SureSmile, you get real root to crown movement.

So we've been happy with the performance of the technology and equipment area with us. It came back a
little bit faster than we thought. And what we're seeing on a global basis, there's good healthy demand for
it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Don, it would be great if you could just touch on the implant business there. I'd be curious how your
portfolio shaped up relative to some of the data points we've had from peers in the last few weeks.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

We feel pretty good. We -- we believe we performed basically at market, I think, obviously, Straumann
has done very, very well. And I think looking across the rest of the market, we all performed pretty
similarly, Part 1. Part 2, if you -- from where we sit right now, we feel pretty good. First, I would tell you,
our portfolio is better today and is getting consistently better. Astra EV to us was an important launch.
And we're seeing a good response to it. I think in general, the implant business has returned. If you kind
of we're planning on getting a set of implants, you have -- people have, by and large, followed up with
their dentists and done that. And that's one of the things we're talking about when you see more complex
procedures, and you see the overall mix benefit from that.

And we look at -- implants has performed in line with the rest of our company. So that's the first thing
I'd tell you. Second, if I look out over the next 2 years and where we want to be is outperforming on
implants, outperforming the market. And we think we put the plans in place, Part 1. Part 2 is we feel very
good about what our portfolio looks like over the next 2 years that we're coming. So implants to us is an
opportunity.

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Then a quick follow-up on SureSmile. Relative to the $100 million run rate number you pointed to by the
end of next year, is that a U.S.-only figure? And how do we think about the geographic rollout from here
and what contributes to your achieving that target?
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

We sell SureSmile in multiple countries. Obviously, the U.S. is where the momentum has picked up the
fastest. And again, that's -- we feel that the system of let's focus on our CEREC base, let's get things like
One DS out there are really important. We think that model can be replicated in multiple countries around
the world. The $100 million is inclusive of multiple companies -- multiple countries, excuse me. We -- and
again, we're -- I think we're in 10 countries now.

But again, I would say the pickup -- where the pickup has been the fastest is where we've got the model,
right? And the model in the U.S. is one that we're very happy with.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel.

Trevor Scott Brown
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

This is Trevor on for Jon. Overall, there wasn't much of a difference in the declines across the 2 segments.
But if I take your comment about U.S. Consumables having positive organic growth, this implies T&E
is a lot weaker than Consumables in the U.S., while the opposite might have been true in Europe and
rest of world. So can you comment on any differences in the trends you're seeing across the different
geographies? And maybe to what extent the timing of DS World the comp there might have played a
factor?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, you're correct with respect to Consumables. On the T&E, I don't think there were any major
differences between regions. As we indicated in our prepared remarks and I commented a couple of
times, the comps versus last year are very difficult, given the very strong Q3 2019 we had our sales
and shipments in advance of DS World were very strong in last quarter. In the U.S., we had the -- also a
number of activities that really turbocharged the sales of CAD/CAM equipment, but across regions when
you kind of adjust for that type of specific activity to Q3 last year, we feel really good about the retail
sales that we are experiencing with CAD/CAM. Those products continue to sell really well. And I think the
performance is similar across most geographies.

Trevor Scott Brown
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay, great. And a quick follow-up on margins. Just anything significantly different within the segments,
overall, is pretty similar to 3Q '19 levels for the total business, but just looking within T&E and
Consumables, is there anything to call out there?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

No. I think from a margin perspective, the -- all of the savings that we are achieving, especially the
structural cost savings. Those are applicable to both segments. You can see how we -- our gross margin,
for example, recovered pretty well in the third quarter. SG&A improved substantially versus last year and
on a ratio basis sequentially. And those -- that is work that is happening across the board. The only one
difference between those 2 segments from a margin perspective, when we talk about this last quarter is
the fact that the Consumables segment tend to have -- since we have a much -- a higher fixed cost base.
And so it's a lot more sensitive to changes in volume. That's kind of the only structural difference. But
productivity improvements and other actions are impacting favorably both segments.

Operator

Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Qualitatively speaking, I just wanted to understand, as we look at sort of the equipment outlook, I know,
obviously, you have a tough comp in the fourth quarter from DS World and follow-up last year, but how
do we think about like you're structuring like trade in demand? I know that you had obviously started
the U.S. trade in demand program. Like how do we think about that in terms of Europe, and particularly
Germany for '20, as we go forward?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Elizabeth. And we hear you about Friday's Part 1. But look, I would tell you we're at a very
early stage on the trade in programs. At this point, we've basically done them in North America, and
we haven't rolled that out to all of Europe or of Asia Pac at this point. So -- and a year ago, that was a
function of keeping up with demand. Now we feel pretty good about our supply chain, and we can begin to
execute it. Obviously, coming right out of the pandemic, we were not a 100% sure how things were played
out. So we look at that as we're in early stages, Part 1. Part 2, yes, the comp -- the DS World comp is one
that is an obvious feature of how we are thinking about third quarter and fourth quarter. We obviously --
we know what goes on at retail, and we are happy to see one of our partners report that CAD/CAM sales
on a retail basis are very encouraging. So obviously, when you get a bolus of pre-shipments a year ago
heading into what was a very, very big event for us, that's going to skew things. So we've mentioned a
couple of times today. We're really laser-focused on what's going on at retail. And we can see, obviously,
somebody doesn't just walk in and say, "Hey, I want to buy a Primescan." It's in terms of number of leads
in a funnel and whatnot, again, we're -- we feel that we're seeing positive retail trends in CAD/CAM versus
prior year.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And just philosophically, how are you handling new product launches read IDS this
year with the more virtual format?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. It's really funny. IDS is obviously something we work years in advance, and that's going to be the
big event where we're going to roll out as many new products as we can. And 1.5 years ago, 2 years ago
when we were doing this, it was a huge event. So what we've done with our entire teams sit there and
say, okay, there's not going to be an IDS. So how do we really take advantage of things that we're doing.
So first, I'll tell you, we're expanding DS World beyond the U.S. We're looking at a DS World this year
in Israel, Russia and in Germany. It's going to be new to us and we're going to figure out how that stuff
works.

The second is we're going to be very concentrated. Right now, Axeos for us is a big launch on the T&E
side. You've got Primescan, Primemill still kind of running hard. SureFil One is something that we're
putting a lot of emphasis along with Palodent 360 is kind of the consumable lead thing. And as we get
into 2021, we're going to pick 1 or 2 products and really drive that across the entire DS sales portfolio
in a country whereas before, we'd be a little bit chopped up. So what we're going to do is really -- we're
trying to create some DS Worlds beyond the U.S., Part 1. Part 2 is we're going to really kind of narrow and
focus and then push it across our entire all the sales bags in a specific region, so that we get good -- really
good traction there to -- in our mind, to kind of help us overcome the fact that there's not a big IDS event
there. And then it's really interesting with the SureFil One, we're doing kind of a global launch there. The
virtual receptions we've been getting to the launches, where we invite KOLs in have been really good.

So we're -- we've seen that in a couple of countries where we've launched it, and we create an event. So
is anything going to replace IDS exactly, probably not. We believe that we put in place a combination of
things that will help mitigate any real downward pressure on it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.

Jason M. Bednar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just really first follow-up from me. Don, on SureSmile, just curious if you could just expand on where
you're at right now with the number of docs that are using the system. And then what you're seeing and
expecting with respect to the formula of utilization ramp and new doctors coming on to the system here
over the coming quarters in order to hit that $100 million run rate target you're talking about for next
year?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. First, thanks for the question, and it's a good one. I'm not going to give you the specifics in terms
of absolute number of doctors. But I would tell you the progress that we've been made and the reason
you see us get pretty confident is we've been able to watch the impact of One DS World and targeting the
CEREC community with this. And it's a progression. And the inflection point you see is once a doctor has
done more than 3 procedures, we really kind of consider them reliable and you can see things scale. So to
be honest, you can actually do the extrapolation back to kind of figure out how many doctors were talking
about. I would tell you, one of the things we're really excited about is we have a pretty large installed base
of Primescan and Omnicam. And I would tell you, I don't know if we want to go with baseball analogies
now that the World Series is over. We're in very early innings on what we think the upside potential of
talking to that community is.

Jason M. Bednar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And then just wanted to come back to one of the things you mentioned in your
prepared remarks, Don, the new sales force effectiveness program that's been implemented. Just
wondering if you could expand on what markets that's impacting? And maybe just unpack a bit more
what's being done here on a go-forward basis and maybe how that compares to the sales model you had
previously?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Jason. Right now, SFE, we put in the -- in North America, it's in most -- we're not in all
of Europe, but right now, U.K., France, Germany. And when we think Germany, we tend to think of it
as DACH, which is Austria and Switzerland. So we feel very good that we have executed there. China is
something we've kind of kicked off. I would say we're looking at completing that in 2021. And Japan will
also follow that model. And then the interesting thing is if you -- let me give you a little bit of an evolution
of how we've been thinking about things. We had an SBU-driven model.

So for instance, if you were in the U.S. or you were in Germany or you were in China, say, like the implant
sales forces would all report to the implant group and the Endo sales forces in the U.S. or China or
Germany would report to the Endo group. So there was no concept of in a country that there would be
any scale and leverage. What we've been doing with the SFE program and when we talked about in our
restructuring that we were simplifying things is, hey, we're going to go to a regional format of demand
creation and commercialization.

And as a result, we now -- like taking the U.S., we have one VP of Sales. And we're moving to that format
across the Board. We're fitting the number of specialty sales forces so that we can create bigger bags
that have broader reaches. And we've spent a ton of time on what is the exact targeting? What is our
messaging and what does the frequency look like? And what kind of ROI measures that we want to put in
there. And then we've executed salesforce.com across the entire world. So one of the reasons I dropped
that in our prepared remarks is when we talk about the restructuring and everyone goes to where is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

the margin, where is the cost, I mean, in our mind, the upside of simplification is we feel a significant
improvement that will be consistent -- we think we'll consistently see upside to that as we get the SFE
program rolled out all around the world. It's how we want to deliver Dentsply Sirona to our customer.

John Sweeney
Vice President of Investor Relations
All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us today on our third quarter 2020 earnings conference
call. We look forward to having follow-up calls with many of you later on today. And thank you very much.
Have a good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

