DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. NasdaqGS:XRAY
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 05, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.66

0.71

Revenue  (mm)

1013.49

1067.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-05-2021 11:45 AM GMT

7.58

5.28

0.66

2.88

3.21

1018.48

4248.78

4467.96

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.33

0.64

0.56

0.66

0.67

0.87

0.72

0.71

SURPRISE

103.03 %

35.94 %

28.57 %

7.58 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrea Daley
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Allen Charles Lutz
BofA Securities, Research Division

Elizabeth Cristina Mari Garcia
Wolfe Research, LLC

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Korinne N. Wolfmeyer
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q2 2021 Dentsply Sirona Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Andrea Daley. Thank you. Please go
ahead.

Andrea Daley
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Calandra, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2021 earnings
conference call. I'd like to remind you that an earnings call press release and slide presentation related to
the call are available in the Investors section of our website at www.dentsplysirona.com.

Before we begin, please take a moment to read the forward-looking statements in our earnings press
release. During today's call, we make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views about
future performance and financial results. We base these statements and certain assumptions and
expectations on future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our most recent Form 10-K lists
some of the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions.

In today's conference call, our remarks will be based on non-GAAP financial results. We believe that
non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about financial
performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain
items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect
to key metrics used by management in operating our business. Please refer to our press release for the
reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results.

And with that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Don Casey, our Chief Executive Officer.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thank you, Andrea, and thank all of you for joining us this morning for the Dentsply Sirona's second
quarter earnings call. We are pleased with our performance in the second quarter. As we will detail today,
the dental market continues to recover and demonstrate the underlying resilience that makes it attractive
long term.

For the quarter, the company grew both versus 2020 and 2019 as well as sequentially quarter-to-quarter.
The team also made progress against our strategic and operational priorities, giving us confidence as we
head into the back half of the year.

The pandemic remains a key consideration for us as we evaluate our performance for the quarter and plan
for the remainder of the year. At this point, we feel the market is operating slightly below 2019 levels with
a continued recovery expected for the remainder of the year. As we navigate through the newest phase
of the pandemic, we are mindful that there are -- continues to be some ongoing impact in certain regions
and some stresses to the supply chain.

One constant throughout all of this, though, has been our team at Dentsply Sirona. Their performance
over the past 18 months has been exceptional, and I would like to thank them for their tremendous
commitment to our customers as they demonstrate every day.

On today's call, Jorge and I will talk about our results for the quarter and provide our outlook for the
remainder of the year and discuss our growth plans for the back half of 2021 and beyond.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Moving now to Slide 6. As I mentioned, our financial performance for the quarter was solid and closes out
a strong first half of the year. The results reflect the continued recovery of the market, progress on our
growth initiatives and good operating discipline.

Revenues reached $1.067 billion, up 104.6% on an organic basis. Our operating margin was 20.5% versus
minus 8.6% during the prior year. Adjusted non-GAAP EPS was $0.71 compared to a loss of $0.18 last
year and cash flow was $214 million.

To provide more details around the quarter, I will now turn the call over to Jorge.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Don. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. As a reminder, my remarks today will be based on
non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Please refer to the reconciliation tables at the back of
the press release and slides, both of which are posted in the Investors section of our website.

As Don said, our second quarter performance rounds out a strong first half of our fiscal year. In Q2, we
delivered sequential quarterly revenue growth in both Consumables and T&E. We also posted organic sales
above pre-COVID levels in 2019.

Let's look at Q2 in more detail. Versus last year, the business delivered organic revenue growth of 104.6%
and reported growth of 117.3%. Compared to the second quarter of 2019, reported sales grew 5.7% and
organic sales grew 3.1%. Both segments also grew versus Q2 2019. This performance against the 2019
baseline confirms the steady recovery trend we have seen in 2021.

Gross profit was $626 million or 58.7% of sales. This strong outcome reflects the continuation of a
favorable mix similar to Q1 as well as the overall portfolio optimization work we have done to focus on
higher growth, higher-margin businesses. We're also seeing some challenges from a supply chain cost
perspective, and our teams are working diligently to address them.

Before I start discussing SG&A numbers, I would like to remind you that we now report R&D spend
separately from SG&A. As we indicated last quarter, we began to ramp on planned SG&A investment
spend in the second quarter.

We tempered certain investments during the height of COVID, but we are now accelerating projects as the
market further normalizes. We are increasing investments in sales and marketing to support our short-
and medium-term growth plans in clear aligners, implants and digital capabilities.

Sequentially, SG&A increased in absolute dollars but remained relatively flat as a percent of sales. Versus
the prior year quarter, SG&A as a percent of sales declined 12.6 percentage points to 34.4%.

Spending on R&D was up 122.2% in the quarter to $40 million. We expect this level of spend to continue
as we are committed to delivering innovation and great solutions to our customers. We are taking a
disciplined approach to ensure alignment with our strategic priorities and track return on R&D investment.

Operating profit was $219 million versus a loss of $42 million last year. The business delivered an
operating margin of 20.5%, representing continued margin expansion from the realized benefits of our
restructuring program. At the same time, we have been able to make meaningful investments in our
business to fund growth initiatives.

Net interest and other expense was flat versus last year. The non-GAAP tax rate in the second quarter was
23.9%, a decrease compared to 26.8% in the prior year quarter, which was a function of the changes in
the U.S. versus non-U.S. pretax income.

Non-GAAP EPS was $0.71 versus a loss of $0.18 in the prior year quarter.

Moving to segment performance. Versus the second quarter of 2020, Consumables and Technologies
& Equipment posted organic growth of 135.3% and 85.2%, respectively. Both segments posted strong

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

growth across all product categories. Consumables sales were $445 million, an increase of 138% versus
the prior year.

Growth was strong across all regions and in all categories, most notably within the endo and resto parts
of our portfolio, which represent strategic priorities for our business. Additionally, the rebound in the
preventative business, particularly in the U.S., continued in Q2.

The Consumables market has been resilient, and our team is executing well through the recovery.
Currency favorably impacted Consumables by 11.2%, offset by a reduction of 8.5% due to divestitures
and discontinued products.

Moving on to Technologies & Equipment segment results. T&E sales grew 104.6% versus the prior year,
with strong growth coming from all regions and product categories. The growth was driven by Digital
Dentistry and equipment and instruments, which grew well in excess of 100%.

The T&E segment also includes our health care business, which show a smaller pandemic-related impact
than the dental business in Q2 2020, resulting in a less significant year-on-year growth. Within T&E, the
launch of our new Axeos imaging unit continues to go very well. We're also seeing a strong momentum in
Digital Dentistry with digital adoption and upgrade cycles fueling growth for Primescan.

Our Clear Aligners franchise performed very well in the quarter. Sales growth is strong, and we are
confident in the team's ability to deliver on the $300 million 2021 exit run rate shared previously. This
quarter, we also announced the acquisition of Propel Orthodontics and a strategic partnership with 3Shape,
further complementing our clear aligners offering. We expect to see the benefits from these 2 initiatives
starting in 2022.

Currency favorably impacted sales by 10.4% as well as a benefit from acquisitions of 19%, offset by a
reduction of 10% due to divestitures and discontinued products.

Now turning to financial performance by region during the second quarter. U.S. sales were $366 million
a growth of 179.4% versus last year. Organic sales growth was 145.8%. We were pleased to see dental
sales volumes return close to normal levels in both segments and across all product categories.

European sales were $431 million, a growth of 99.5% versus last year. Organic growth was 91.8%
compared to the prior year. Similar to U.S. sales, all areas in Consumables and T&E rebounded well from
the low point last year.

Rest of the world sales were $270 million, a growth of 87.5% versus last year. Organic sales growth
was 86.2%, reflecting the recovery in demand across Consumables and T&E. The Asia Pacific region, in
particular, has been an area of continued growth for our business.

Next, I'd like to cover cash flows. In the second quarter of 2021, our operating cash flow was $214 million,
a $39 million improvement versus last year. The company finished the second quarter with cash on hand
of $332 million and committed credit facilities of another $744 million.

On a year-to-date basis, we deployed more than $241 million to fund strategic acquisitions, including
Datum and Propel Orthodontics. We also returned a total of $134 million to shareholders through
dividends and share buybacks. During the second quarter, we increased the quarterly dividend by 10%.
The Board also authorized an increase to our share repurchase program, bringing the total amount to $1
billion. This is inclusive of the $260 million we had remaining from our previous authorization.

Now let me provide an update on our financial expectations for 2021. We completed a strong first half
of the year. We believe the healthy demand will continue through the second half of the year driven by
positive momentum in patient confidence and procedure volumes with the vaccine rollout. Based on that,
we are reaffirming our outlook for fiscal 2021. We also expect non-GAAP EPS to be close to the top end of
the $2.75 to $2.90 range that we provided last quarter.

Here are a couple of considerations with respect to our outlook. We have updated our assumption for the
euro-U.S. dollar exchange rate for the remainder of the year from 1.22 to 1.18. We estimate the impact

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

from this change to be a reduction in projected earnings of approximately $0.05 in the second half of the
year.

Second, this full year outlook includes commitments on investment spend that will be incurred over the
remainder of the year. We will continue to operate with a high degree of operational discipline, and we'll
manage SG&A expenses in line with the pace of the commercial activities.

Our key 2021 planning assumptions are listed within the supplemental materials posted on the Investors
section of our website. There are 2 risks to this outlook that are worth highlighting. COVID-19 and ongoing
supply disruptions. We are watching closely how the situation evolves, especially considering the increased
number of cases in some countries and the actions taken by governments to reinstate certain restrictions.

Before I turn the call back to Don, we would like to share a quick update on our efforts around ESG.
During the second quarter of 2021, we published our sustainability fact sheet and environmental
scorecard. They are available for review on the Sustainability page of our website.

Additionally, in May, we announced a global partnership with FDI World Dental Federation, as 1 of 5
industry founding partners to lead the new sustainability in dentistry initiative. Also, we are planning to
publish our sustainability report in Q3.

As we look forward in our ESG evolution, there are a few guiding principles we are keeping in mind. First,
we believe purpose and economic value intersect in a clear way in our business. Second, we want to
be transparent about our progress by increasing the disclosure of key ESG metrics. And third, we are
measuring and analyzing our ESG data, and we'll make sure we adhere to highest standards of data
integrity.

With that, I will now turn the call back to Don.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jorge. I would now like to provide some perspective around our strategy and priorities for
2021 and beyond.

Moving to Slide 16 in the presentation. Our priorities have been consistent for the past 3 years. They are
to grow organic revenues 4% to 5% long term through a combination of organic and inorganic activities.
The team continues to focus on improving margins and expects to achieve our goal of 22% by the end of
2022. Supporting this goal are efforts to simplify the organization and take better advantage of our scale.
This formula leads to our target of delivering consistent double-digit EPS growth.

Slide 17 in the presentation details our strategy. We believe that Dentsply Sirona will grow long term
by delivering superior, integrated workflows in critical procedures. These workflows will be built around
diagnostic excellence, easy-to-use treatment planning and essential consumable products. When we do
this, Dentsply Sirona becomes the essential solution provider that improves outcomes for patients while
delivering better efficiency and economics for the dental professional.

Moving to the next slide. Dentsply Sirona is unique in this space with category-leading brands in both the
x-ray imaging and the intraoral scanning spaces. Most companies have one or the other. But we are, by
far, the biggest player with both.

In the imaging space, Dentsply Sirona has a significant installed base comprised of many well-recognized
brands that are at the heart of the dental practice. Our imaging brands include Schick, the Orthopos
family, Galileos and our new Axeos wide field of view system. Dentists all over the world recognize these
brands for their high quality and innovative features.

For perspective, our imaging systems combine to take over 400 million digital x-ray images a year. What
really differentiates Dentsply Sirona, though, is that in addition to our major presence in imaging, we are
also a leader in the intraoral scanning space.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

There is already a large and expanding CEREC base that includes Primescan and Omnicam intraoral
scanners. While we continue to emphasize the advantage of chairside dentistry, the company is also
focused on expanding our presence in the rapidly growing DI space. Our Primescan entry, in addition to
being the engine for chairside dentistry, offers outstanding performance as a stand-alone scanner. When
dental offices start with Primescan, they get a great scanner that is easy to use and extremely accurate.

But starting with Primescan is only the beginning. Our system offers tremendous versatility that allows for
easy upgrading to full chairside capabilities and further opportunities to expand into other procedures such
as clear aligners and implants.

Aesthetics areas like clear aligners, implants and complex restorations have been among the fastest
growing in the dental market. These higher-value procedures are made easier and more efficient when
using digital tools. And we are the leader in providing these increasingly important treatment planning
tools.

Our well-recognized treatment planning brands include Sidexis, CEREC, SureSmile, SIMPLANT, Atlantis
and M-Guide. All of these treatment planning tools are fully integrated with our digital equipment. To give
some context, in a typical year, there will be over 275 million patient cases done in Sidexis and over 4
million cases done through CEREC. The large volume of these cases also provides important fuel for our AI
efforts.

The final element of the strategy is linking the diagnosis and workflow tools with our essential
Consumables business. Every implant and endodontic procedure finishes with a restoration, which is why
we are optimistic about our ability to drive Consumables in the future. Our 4% to 5% growth target is built
on a strong commitment to organic innovation, acquisitions and other inorganic opportunities built on a
foundation of global commercial excellence.

Organic innovation is our lifeblood. And as Jorge mentioned, our investment in R&D has been increased by
close to 50%, reaching $160 million in 2021. This investment is helping drive a very robust pipeline for the
back half of this year with continued progress in 2022.

Moving now to Slide 19. In September, we will be launching a comprehensive restage of our implant
business. The restage puts together our digital base, historical product strength with other key elements
like custom abutments and continuing education and training. The program starts with harmonizing all
our implant businesses under the Dentsply Sirona brand name, including our rapidly growing MIS value
implant business.

It will include strong new products, highlighted by Prime Taper, an immediate load implant that will
position us very competitively in the marketplace. We will also be updating our well-recognized SIMPLANT
treatment planning software and integrating it with CEREC. We're also focusing on our Atlantis Custom
Abutment business, which has very easy-to-use planning software for custom abutments.

For perspective, we process well over 0.5 million implant cases through SIMPLANT and Atlantis on an
annual basis. For the first time, we are offering an edentulous scanning program for CEREC, a major
development in the implant space. The edentulous scan takes advantage of Primescan's unique accuracy
and provides a whole new level of detail that makes full arch implant planting easier.

While we are in the process of rolling out -- we are in the process of rolling out the OSSIX bone
regeneration brand to further enhance our implant offering and serve the rapidly growing immediate load
implant segment in general. All our implant training and continuing education efforts will be harmonized
and rebranded to provide a comprehensive implant curriculum for dentists.

We've been working closely with our global implant KOL community, and they have started gaining
experience with the product. The reaction has been very positive. They are very comfortable with the new
products in part because they are based on a procedure they know well. The revitalization of our implant
business is an important piece of our overall growth strategy.

This relaunch will begin in September and continue rolling out globally throughout Q2 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Moving now to Slide 20. Our endodontic platform is another critical area for us. Beginning in September,
we will be launching ProTaper Ultimate as part of a new platform that will include new files, a bio ceramic
(sic) [ bio ceramic sealant ] sealer and a new disinfection device.

In addition, we will be launching multiple new motor systems in early 2022. The ProTaper Ultimate system
really takes performance to the next level. the files have been designed to cut and shape better and faster,
requiring less files per procedure. The complete system will offer better cleaning and op duration as well.
ProTaper Ultimate is the first major platform we have launched in the endo area in several years. It has
also been in the hands of our KOLs and it was met with a very positive response.

There are also several critical software upgrades and launches coming in the back half of 2021. These
include a major SureSmile upgrade 7.7. This upgrade improves the user interface for the GP, simplifying
the case review screen and enhancing the order entry process.

We're also launching CEREC 5.2, a significant upgrade in Primescan that further enhances its speed and
ease of use. This CEREC 5.2 upgrade supports the new edentulous scanning capability and differentiates
Primescan in the marketplace. Early beta testers have indicated that this software upgrade provides a
level of performance that makes it feel like a whole new product.

There are also multiple new SureSmile product launches coming over the next 2 quarters. These include
the introduction of a VPro product as well as whitening in Q4. With VPro, which came as part of the Propel
acquisition, SureSmile will be differentiated in the marketplace. All of these new products will be launched
at our DS World event in September.

Moving to the next slide. In addition to our organic innovation program, Jorge detailed some of the
strategic acquisitions made over the last several months. All of these are designed to enhance our
competitiveness in higher-growth, higher-margin categories, including clear aligners and implants. I
wanted to add to his comments by saying that we are very happy with the BYTE acquisition. We've had
BYTE for close to 8 months and are very pleased with the integration program and excited about its future
growth prospects.

As mentioned earlier, we also closed on Propel in Q2, and we recently acquired Datum to provide us with a
leading bone growth regeneration product to accelerate our implant businesses. These businesses are off
to a strong start and their integrations are on target.

All of this is powered by our outstanding global commercial team comprised of over 5,000 people. We've
been investing in a comprehensive sales force effectiveness program that will be close to completed in our
10 largest countries by the end of this year.

Over the past 2 years, the team has also made solid progress against our goal of improving our operating
margin and simplifying the organization. We've rationalized our manufacturing and supply chain, launched
a comprehensive enterprise modernization program around key functions, all while maintaining strong
expense discipline. As a result, we will deliver the $250 million savings target and the '22 margin goal on
time.

Moving to Slide 23. In summary, we had a strong first half as the market recovered and the company
made progress on key strategic goals. We are reaffirming our 2021 outlook. The dental market continues
to show resilience as well as strong underlying fundamentals. We believe that Dentsply Sirona is well
positioned to deliver sustainable growth in the future.

And finally, we are pleased to confirm that DS World will again be welcoming guests to Las Vegas,
September 23 through the 25th, at Caesars Forum while also offering a hybrid option. It is an excellent
way to build momentum in the back half of the year.
And with that, we can open the call to questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. I guess on my first question, given the outperformance in the quarter, obviously
strong, and you're pointing to a lot of things at that, point to continued momentum in the back half of the
year. Why not raise the guidance? I know you guys obviously pointed to being at the upper end of that,
but just it would be helpful to hear your thought process around that a little bit more.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, good question. And listen, from a macro perspective, we feel really good about how the business
is tracking. The execution by our teams has been solid all year. And the progression of the business, as
demonstrated by the last several quarters, is consistent. Also, I mean, if you remember, we were the first
company that provided guidance at the beginning of this year. And then right after the first quarter, given
the performance we had in Q1, we actually raised our guidance in a meaningful way for the rest of the
year.

Q2, we performed very much according to our expectations. It was a solid quarter, and we believe the
second half is going to be better than the first half. But as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, there's
a few things to keep in mind, and we talked about this in Q1. First, we have investment spend that we
move from Q1 and partially from Q2 into the second half of the year because we didn't spend at the pace
we were planning to spend in the first half of the year. So that is important. And those investments, by the
way, are intended to fund very important priorities for us, for example, clear aligners. Our clear aligners
business, as we discussed, is growing and we are adding more resources because we are launching
aligners in other countries.

We are also making investments in our implants. Don talked about what's going on with our implant
business, and we continue to make investments in our digital capabilities, both in terms of a go-to-market
strategy and products that are important for our customers as well as internal infrastructure.

And then I also mentioned this in my prepared remarks, there is an impact from a planning perspective
resulting from our change in assumptions relative to the euro exchange rate. So when we provided
guidance at the beginning of the year, this was one of the assumptions that I shared with all of you. We
said at the time that we were expecting the euro to be at the 1.22 level, and we have not seen that this
year. So for the remainder of the year, we decided to change the assumption, and now we are using 1.18.
That change in assumptions represents about $0.05 in the second half of the year.

So when you kind of look at all of those pieces and do the math, I think we feel good about being at the
top end of our range. And we always -- we are never satisfied. We always want to do better, and -- but we
are really -- we feel good about the consistency in our results and performance this year. So for all those
reasons, that's why we have kept the guidance where it is now.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. That's super helpful. And just talking about a little bit about more of the implant relaunch, how
do you guys see that integrating with your One DS program? I assume that's sort of something that you
might talk about as we approach DS World or at DS World.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Yes, Elizabeth. Implants is going to be a big feature of DS World because, look, we really want to talk
about being the first kind of digitally native implant company. So when we start talking about CEREC and
the ability to do an edentulous scan and whatnot, you're going to see a fair amount of integration of our
digital technology with easy-to-use treatment planning, principally aimed at the general practitioner as a
way of giving them a lot more confidence from stepping up from doing some procedures to making it a
regular part of their practice. So yes, you're going to see a fair amount of that at DS World.

Look, DS World is going to feature, we think, a pretty exciting lineup of new products, whether it was
what we're doing in the endo space. We're really excited about the restage of our implant business. But
also, really, I don't want to undersell the CEREC 5.2. I mean, the folks who have been using this for a
while really say it's like almost a new product because it cuts the time you need to do a scan. It enhances
accuracy. And when we're adding specific treatment planning around things like in dental scanning, doing
a real integration with SureSmile, with 7.7, we're really trying to make digital workflows the heart of
everything we do.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Don, I'd like to take your pulse maybe on kind of the 2-year growth rates. In the first quarter, we had you
kind of versus 1Q '19 at about 7%, maybe a little north of that, as Jorge said today about just over 3%.
Your commentary about the market is continuing to improve, and that seems consistent with our checks.
So just, I'd like to better understand why maybe that 2-year growth rate came in a few points. And it
seemed like it was pretty evenly split across all 3 of your geographies. We have all 3 of them, maybe 3 to
5 points slower on a 2-year basis versus 1Q. So just maybe help us understand that dynamic.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes, Jeff, look, 1Q came in very strong. I think that was kind of the quarter that everybody felt that, okay,
things have returned to some semblance of normality. And I think there was a fair amount of catch-up
across the board. And as we look at 2Q, we saw a pretty -- again, consistent, whether it's Consumables,
Technology & Equipment. By the way, Jorge in his prepared remarks called out our Wellspect business,
the healthcare business, which obviously wasn't really impacted by the pandemic. So that's a piece of that
business, you kind of have a normal growth rate there compared to the really significant dental growth
rates of triple digits.

The only other thing I'd point out, Jeff, when you start looking versus 2019, there's 2 points I’d direct your
attention to. The first is, remember, Q1, Q2 in '19, we were coming off the Primescan launch, and we were
actually a little bit back ordered in there with a lot of that actually delivered in the first and second quarter.

And the second point in that around the Consumables business, we had really begun to implement a
comprehensive program to change how we promote things and looking to focus much more on One DS-
type programs that were aimed directly at creating retail demand as opposed to focus on wholesale
activity. So there's -- we were working through that specific thing. If we hadn't been pandemic-ed, if that's
even a word, Jeff, we would have seen that kind of level out through 2020. So you had that distortion
associated with the pandemic.

And so now when you're looking at '21 versus '19, we're working our way through that comp, which might
have been a little bit higher in '19 versus what we're seeing now as we level load and really focus on stuff
like One DS as a preferred promotional program.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. Understood. And just as a follow-up question, just on BYTE. I try to ask you this question each
quarter, and you defer, and I'm sure you will again this quarter, but let me ask it, I guess, this way, which
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

is the 19% acquisition growth in T&E. Our assumption is Propel was kind of a vertical integration deal,
so not a whole lot of contribution on a revenue perspective there relative to what had been happening.
Datum, generally immaterial, a little bit of contribution.

So is it fair to think about that 19% acquisition growth in T&E specifically largely or majority of that being
driven by BYTE, and that would suggest kind of sequentially BYTE stepped up probably 20% plus, is that
reasonable as well?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Don, I want to go back to the implant relaunch. I'm just curious how much of this is trying to revitalize
growth from new products? How much of this is reorg? And how are you thinking about premium versus
value? And can you give us a sense of how material you think this could be to the business, this relaunch,
over the next couple of years?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. It's -- a couple of things, Tycho. First, we've been very public about saying we're unhappy with our
implant performance. And basically, we said it was -- we thought it was a 2-stager, where, look, we've got
to get back to growth part 1 and then we got to grow with the category or faster than the category. And
you know this. Historically, we've been really kind of balkanized around our implant approach. We had 4
premium brands between Ankylos, XiVE, Astra and Astra EV. I don't think people really understood we had
a very competitive value brand in MIS that's actually been growing at, if not faster, than the market.

The other thing, we've never really called out the -- our custom abutments business, which is -- the brand
name we have is Atlantis, which is, again, growing at, if not faster, than market.

So when we step back, we said, "Hey, look, we have a fairly aggressive new product, set of programs, and
we dovetailed the new products with -- as well as the digital offerings." We've really, I think, done a nice
job upgrading SIMPLANT and integrating it with CEREC. So when we put this all together, we think it gives
us the opportunity to reset our brand image and our promise across the marketplace.

So I would tell you, I think it's going to be very significant. I mean, if we have been growing our implant
business at market levels, it would be significantly higher than what we performed at in the last 2 to 3
years. So again, we feel good that this gets us -- it's not going to happen instantly, but we feel good as we
start exiting '22, we want to be extremely competitive in this marketplace and growing at market levels.

And then in terms of, Tycho, value, premium value, they really kind of go hand in hand. I mean, the
growth rate of our MIS business has been faster than our premium business. I think with the relaunch,
we'll accelerate the premium side and we'd like to see both of them growing at market levels.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then a follow-up on the ortho outlook. I appreciate your commentary on BYTE a minute ago.
There's been some concern, I think, over kind of web traffic dropping off there, but it sounds like the
business is doing incredibly well. And as we think about that $300 million target you laid out, Propel now
gets added to that. I know it's small today, but how much of that $300 million target do you think will be
from Propel if we go out a couple of years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Tycho, for this year, the impact from Propel is really, really minor. It is, for the most part, a vertical
integration acquisition. But we have a lot of interesting ideas for that business, how to deploy it across the
portfolio. SureSmile International, we're working on those plans. There's a lot of work going on there, but
we won't see the impact from those efforts until 2022.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. And Tycho, I wanted to add one other comment because you mentioned the unique visitors and some
concern about that. Just a couple of general comments and then you can follow up. The first is BYTE is
performing as we expected it to. And one of the things that we were excited about the business is, we
thought, as you look at their unique visitors, there's an opportunity to focus on segmenting it, and actually
not all unique visitors are made the same. And one of the things that we've been focusing on is doing a
better job of targeting over time.

So as we look at that business, it's performing above expectations and that has incorporated some
changes that we are making. The stuff that we get excited about over time, though, is, look, we think
BYTE continues to represent a great opportunity to bring its underserved population, which a lot of people
in BYTE aren't necessarily regular dental customers and how do we bring them into the fold? If somebody
just spent close to $2,000 on doing a BYTE treatment, we want to help them really understand to continue
making sure that they get value out of that procedure. They go see their dentists, go get a cleaning. And
then we're going to be working with the dentist to follow up on things, like, how do you do a retainer and
other things.

But if -- again, one of the things we were attracted to around BYTE was really the fact that they were
hitting underserved populations that weren't really exposed to dentists and -- but we think we have a
unique opportunity, given the role we play to bring them into the dental fold.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Last one. I appreciate you're keeping guidance unchanged here, given kind of the uncertainties
around the pandemic. I'm just curious if you could comment on what you're hearing from your dealers as
you think about inventory levels and kind of caseloads going back up. And then also what you're hearing
from DSOs, as they're thinking about managing a broader range of practices through the next wave of the
pandemic.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Tycho, the DSOs are telling us that traffic, by and large, is getting pretty close to '19. It really depends
on where they are and what part of the country, how much exposure they have to -- the south versus
the east, west or north. But for all intent and purposes, we think it's a couple of percentage points versus
where they were in '19. When we talk to them, and whether you talk to kind of the big -- close to 600,
700 offices or even kind of the large group practices, people, by and large, think the vaccine -- and the
fact that some people haven't been to the dentist in 18 months, they're really kind of trying to get back in,
is going to lead to a pretty steady recovery. So our expectation is even if the delta variant kind of forces
people to shut down, I think the dental community has learned to deal with that and to proactively reach
out to their patients and assure them about their safety.

In terms of dealer inventory, first, we've been super happy with our dealer partners, I mean, both the
large and small. They've done a really good job, in our opinion, on helping us buffer some pretty radical
supply chain swing -- not supply chain swings, demand swings. If you look at where we were a year ago,
it was basically shut down and now we're all the way back to '19.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

And our customer service levels, as we track it, the dentists have been pretty good. I would tell you,
they've been challenged to maintain inventory. Obviously, a lot of their planning looks back on kind of a
last 6-month, 9-month program, which would incorporate pandemic-related reductions. And we're working
with them every day to make sure that they're getting adequate inventory to service the customer needs.
And that's an ongoing process. And obviously, they'd be in a better position to comment on how their
aggregate inventory level is. But we're working with them.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Don, maybe starting at high level -- I appreciate all the details on the new products that you have coming
in the back half of the year. I guess, kind of looking at the company historically, it seems like there's a
greater deal of innovation than what we maybe typically see in a normal year. It sounds like the demand
for digital technology also remains strong. And I guess -- so what I'm asking is, do you feel like 4% to 5%
is the right benchmark as we think about top line growth for next year as you get the benefit from some
of these launches? And I'd just be curious to get your kind of high-level thoughts on what the main factors
are as we think about growth in '22?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

We're comfortable with the 4% to 5%. I mean, obviously, we're saying, look, digital is going to be really
important. And we think we're well positioned -- much better positioned going forward in implants. And
then we did talk extensively about what we think about SureSmile and BYTE. There's parts of the business
we think are going to be a little bit more challenged. And if you look at some of the things that Jorge has
talked about from a portfolio management perspective, things like getting out of traditional lab, the analog
lab part of the business and other things. But look, we've said a number of times that we would like to
exceed the 4% to 5%. I think Jorge said that a minute ago.

But right now, look, for 2022, I would tell you the back half of 2022 is going to see more benefit from the
introductions, things like VPro that are going to go out with SureSmile and other things. So that's how
we look at it. But we were, 6 months ago, talking about 3% to 4%, now we're talking 4% to 5%. And as
we've raised that guidance up, we want to be able to consistently deliver performance. So we aspire for
more, Nate. Believe me, we aspire for more.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Appreciate that. And then, Jorge, maybe just following up on your comments on the supply chain
pressures. Can you just go into a little bit more detail on where you're seeing that and maybe what
products or categories you're seeing that in and kind of how we should think about the potential impact of
that in the back half of the year?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Nathan. And just to clarify, we, financially, we have been able to manage the challenges really well.
The supply chain team has done an outstanding job of managing situations like, for example, we talked
last quarter about some risks of supply disruption relative to certain electronic components, right? And the
team has done a great job doing that. We are seeing inflationary pressures on the shipping cost side. And
the team has handled those well.

And overall, with COVID, there's always concerns about -- there are certain suppliers and certain parts of
the economy that are not back to normal levels from a production standpoint. And so those are things that
we are watching closely. And all of our projections, the guidance include the risk as we see it. And -- but

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

again, for the most part, the team so far has done a great job of managing those things. But we think it
was -- we thought it was worthwhile mentioning because it's happening across the board.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler.

Korinne N. Wolfmeyer
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

This is Korinne on for Jason. Congrats on the quarter. So first for us, not too long ago, you announced the
private labeling of SureSmile to Aspen. And we're just curious on how that partnership is going so far?
How has uptake been in the early launch of that motto brand.

And then is that something that you've already baked into your original guidance, these private labels? Or
is that on top of what you've already stated?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you. Actually, we didn't announce that. There's been a lot of discussion about that in the
marketplace. We are supplying Aspen. We're very proud of our partnership with Aspen. We think they
provide great level of products and services to their customers, and we're proud to partner with them.

In terms of how is it going, it'd be better to ask them. And then just in terms of that baked into our
numbers, yes. And again, we've given kind of very general numbers about what we think our clear aligner
business is going to look like between BYTE and SureSmile, and those numbers are incorporated in there.

Korinne N. Wolfmeyer
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. And then just to dive a little further on the BYTE acquisition. Can you provide any color on what
some of your marketing efforts are there for the balance of the year and into 2022 to make sure you stay
competitive with those other DTC brands that are really pushing marketing and advertising right now?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, first, there's a lot of things that are going to go on with BYTE that we're extremely happy
with. I mean, we -- first, from a marketing in the U.S. perspective, we expect a market at competitive
levels. Some of the things we're beginning to do though is, we have been a very paid social, kind of,
focused business. We're looking at bringing other areas in, whether that's search engine optimization or
whether that's recos from other places, like, as we begin to bring this into the dentist office.

We've got some great new products coming and some updates around that. Obviously, as Propel has
become part of our business, we're going to look to continue to differentiate that business by virtue of our
vibration technology, which we think is -- it makes the byproduct differentiated in the marketplace.

And as we get out in 2022, I mean, one of the things that we get excited about the clear aligner business
in general is whether it's the direct-to-consumer or whether it's through the dentist channel. I mean, we're
still in the very, very early stages of penetration of this business. I mean, if you look at people who would
be eligible for a class 1 treatment, do we think we're at 10% penetration in the U.S.? Probably not.

The other opportunities we have with BYTE as well as with SureSmile is how do we take this out of
the U.S. Jorge mentioned in his prepared remarks that at this point we're probably getting close to
10 countries now with SureSmile, and we're going to look to expand that. And we think BYTE has got
real application because it's a unique product and it's a unique way to reach potentially underserved
populations outside the U.S. So we think it can grow that way.

And I've mentioned a couple of times, we really think that we have an outstanding relationship with the
dental community all around. And one of the things that we'd like to do is take a lot of the traffic that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

we're generating with BYTE and all these unique visitors, and again to introduce them to dentists that
would be part of our curated network, where they would have a Primescan. And we believe that they can
really help not only make sure that the treatment that was done with BYTE is being held on, give them a
cleaning afterwards, give them retainer afterwards, but potentially start a relationship with that dentist
because we think less than 80% of the BYTE unique visitors have a regular relationship with a specific
dentist.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Bank of America.

Allen Charles Lutz
BofA Securities, Research Division

This is Allen in for Mike. Don, you mentioned a few new product launches around DS World this year. I
guess, how should we think about the revenue impact from DS World relative to prior years and versus
what's embedded in the guide? Or is that more of a '22 theme?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

I'd almost split the question up, Allen. What are we expecting from a revenue boost on DS World? It was
interesting last year, where we basically ran the virtual event. One of the things we saw was you didn't
necessarily see the urgency to buy around a specific like 2-week period. So we looked at kind of the
purchase pattern. It was spread out over 3 to 4 months. And obviously, when you're doing virtual in the
middle of pandemic, we probably didn't get as much of a pop as you might have seen in prior years.

Now we believe that we're going to see a very successful DS World this year. We've got some really good
new products. We've got excellent promotions in place with our dealer partners. So we think we're going
to have a good DS world.

Now how does that compare exactly to 2019? Again, it's going to be a little bit hard because we're still
working through. This will be probably the first really big dental event held globally, and we're going to see
how it works. But we have -- again, we have a -- we think, a very, very full new product lineup. We've got
great promotions in place. We're excited.

By the way, it's not just the products. We have close to 200 continuing education courses. Sign-up for DS
World right now has been really positive. It's on track with what we saw in '19.

In terms of the new products, we kind of talked -- I would group them into 3 things. There's the implant,
there's the endo, there's the -- and SureSmile. It’s the kind of things that you want to focus on that are
specifically product as opposed to some of the software upgrades.

Look, the implants, it's not going to be a spike. I mean, one of the things we noticed in our Equipment
business -- I mean, you launch a new piece of equipment, there's obviously a big spike. With kind of
implants, endo, we think you're going to see a more gradual impact of those. I mean, we get the whole
-- we get everything out virtually around the world by the end of the first quarter '22. Some of that
might spill into the second quarter, things like the endo motors, and there's a lot of supplemental implant
products that will follow off what we're launching at DS World.

So I tend to look at that more as a back half impact from a revenue perspective than even loaded over the
course of the year.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Liza Garcia from Wolfe Research.

Elizabeth Cristina Mari Garcia
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Congrats on the quarter. So you had mentioned kind of the rebound in the preventative business, and it
sounds kind of like just to confirm that the U.S. is almost at pre-pandemic levels? I just want to confirm
that that's kind of what you're seeing.

And also, could you maybe discuss what you're seeing across other geographies on the preventative side
and how you're thinking about that trajectory with respect to the guidance and into '22?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, one of the reasons we wanted to mention that specific category is because we believe it's a good
[ barometer ] for just overall dental office traffic and volume. And so it's been great to see how that
category has rebounded really well. And it's happening with a few exceptions, a few countries, it's
happening pretty much across the globe versus 2019 and versus 2020. So we're seeing good recovery in
that market. Again, there's probably a couple of countries where COVID situation is still pretty complicated
and so there's a lot of restrictions. But in most markets, it's performing well.

Elizabeth Cristina Mari Garcia
Wolfe Research, LLC

Great. And then just with regards to BYTE and bringing the manufacturing in-house, can you remind us
the time lines around that? And then kind of what the incremental opportunity really is for bringing the
product in-house?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we are working on that. That is probably going to be happening in the Q1 2022 time frame.
And the economic benefit from that in-sourcing is already factored into the projections we have for the
foreseeable future. So in '21, the impact -- there is no impact essentially. And then beyond, it will be
-- it's part of the business case when we did the acquisition. We look at the opportunity to bring that
manufacturing capabilities, combine it with our SureSmile footprint and achieve some synergies there. So
it's part of the business case.

Andrea Daley
Vice President of Investor Relations

We've got time for one more question.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Yi Chen from H.C. Wainwright.

Unknown Analyst

This is [ Mason ] for Yi Chen. We just wanted to gauge some more color on the Fastrack Mobile App
acquired from Propel. We were wondering if you're developing it to be applicable to multiple clear aligner
assets in your portfolio. And if so, if you could talk us through how you're doing so and if the launch of the
app will coincide with the rollout of VPro?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes, Yi -- actually, [ Mason ], thanks for the question. Yes, the app that we got, we're really excited about.
It absolutely gives us an opportunity to understand whether people are using the vibration technology, and
it gives us just another way, combined with BYTE, that we're creating an interactive platform with all our
unique visitors. We will be rolling that out as part of both BYTE and SureSmile. Obviously, SureSmile is
going to get that in Q4.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

In terms of -- I don't necessarily think we're going to look at that as kind of a separate app, but I think it's
part of the ongoing -- again, we have a very interactive relationship with our BYTE customers. I mean, we
talk to them fairly frequently. So that will become part of that process.

Ultimately, though, we believe that the vibration technology has application well beyond just SureSmile
and BYTE. We think it's something that we will continue. By the way, Propel had sold that beyond the
U.S., but we will continue offering that to orthodontists and general dentists as a separate product if they
want to combine it with their clear aligners,, and the app would be available for that. But it's -- the app
is pretty cool. It really helps people -- it helps us understand if we need to give a nudge to a potential
patient. "Hey, we noticed you haven't used your vibration technology in 7 to 10 days, remember, of the
wonderful benefits " And again, we think that's part of the customer experience. And we're really spending
a lot of time not only on SureSmile but on BYTE as well as to make the post-purchase experience really
differentiated over the long term.

Unknown Analyst

Sounds good. Congrats on the quarter.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thank you.

Andrea Daley
Vice President of Investor Relations

All right. That concludes our call today. Thank you all for participating. Have a nice day.

Operator
This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

