Devon Energy Corporation NYSE:DVN
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 30, 2020 2:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.10)

(0.07)

NM

(0.06)

(0.18)

0.48

Revenue  (mm)

1106.07

1067.00

(3.53 %)

1139.20

4601.04

7410.27

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-30-2020 11:14 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.33

(0.20)

(0.26)

(0.10)

0.33

0.13

(0.18)

(0.07)

SURPRISE

0.00 %

NM

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

David Gerard Harris
Executive VP, Chief Corporate
Development Officer & Executive
VP of Exploration & Production

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Scott Coody
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Brian Arthur Singer
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Derrick Lee Whitfield
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jeffrey Campbell;Tuohy
Brothers;Analyst

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Devon Energy's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call
is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Sir, you may begin.

Scott Coody
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an
earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the third quarter and updated outlook for the
remainder of the year. Throughout the call today, we'll make references to our earnings presentation to
support our prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website at devonenergy.com.

Also joining me on the call today are Dave Hager, our President and CEO; David Harris, our Executive
Vice President of Exploration and Production; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other
members of our senior management team. Comments on the call today will include plans, forecasts and
estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject
to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking
statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and
earnings materials.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

Thank you, Scott, and good morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today
and for your interest in Devon. For the purpose of today's call, my comments will be centered on 3 key
points: our outstanding third quarter results, our improved outlook for the remainder of the year and the
benefits of our recently announced merger with WPX.

On Slide 7 of our earnings presentation, I'll begin my prepared remarks by covering a few key highlights
from our outstanding third quarter results. Across the portfolio, our teams are responding to a challenging
operating environment by delivering results that continue to exceed production and capital efficiency
targets while successfully driving down per-unit operating costs and maximizing margins. This is
evidenced by several noteworthy accomplishments in the quarter, including oil production exceeding
midpoint guidance by 6,000 barrels per day, complemented with capital spending that was once again
below forecast.

Furthermore, we continued to expand margins through improvements in our cost structure, headlined
by operating expenses that were 8% below guidance, and G&A costs that were reduced 30% year-over-
year. With this strong operational performance, we generated $223 million of free cash flow in the quarter.
And just after quarter end, with the closing of the Barnett transaction, we paid out a $100 million special
dividend.

All in all, the third quarter was an excellent one, both operationally and financially as we executed at
a very high level on every single strategic objective that underpins our business model. This strong
performance is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team, and I want to thank our
employees for their continued commitment to excellence.

Moving to Slide 11. With the strong results our business has delivered to date, we are now raising
our outlook for the remainder of 2020. Not surprisingly, this improved outlook is underpinned by the
outstanding well performance we are experiencing in the Delaware Basin. And as a result, we are now
increasing our full year oil guidance for the second consecutive quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Looking specifically at the upcoming quarter, we now expect our oil production to average 148,000 to
153,000 barrels per day, a 7,000 barrels per day improvement versus prior guidance expectations.
Importantly, we are delivering this incremental production with $30 million less capital compared to the
revised budget we issued earlier this year. We also continue to act with a sense of urgency to materially
improve our cash cost structure in order to get the most out of every barrel we produce. With this intense
focus, we are on track to reduce LOE and GP&T costs by approximately $0.50 per unit or 6% compared to
our previous expectations.

To achieve this step-level improvement in field-level costs, we have meaningfully reduced our recurring
LOE expense across several categories, including chemical and disposal costs, compression and contract
labor. We have also taken steps to streamline our organization's corporate cost structure. This is clearly
demonstrated by our G&A expense trajectory improving by around $35 million compared to the revised
budget, and we expect to achieve a $250 million G&A run rate target by year-end.

Turning briefly to Slide 13. The positive impact from higher volumes, better capital efficiency and strong
cost discipline has resulted in increasing amounts of free cash flow in 2020. Including the proceeds from
the Barnett Shale divestiture that closed on October 1, we are on pace to generate around $900 million of
free cash flow this year. This is a tremendous accomplishment given the incredibly challenging conditions
we have faced this year. And importantly, with this excess cash flow, we have rewarded shareholders with
higher dividend payments.

Turning your attention back to Slide 3 of our presentation, I would like to cover the strategic rationale
underpinning our recently announced merger with WPX. This groundbreaking transaction announced on
September 28 represents the first true merger of equals within the E&P space in nearly 2 decades. The
strategic combination of Devon and WPX is transformational as we unite our complementary assets to
create a leading unconventional oil producer in the U.S. with an asset base underpinned by a premium
position in the economic core of the Delaware Basin.

By bringing together our respective companies, shareholders will benefit from enhanced scale, immediate
cost synergies, higher free cash flow and the financial strength to accelerate the return of cash to
shareholders through an industry-first fixed-plus-variable dividend strategy. Additionally, the low premium
stock-for-stock combination underscores our confidence that this transaction will allow shareholders of
both companies to benefit from synergy realization and the powerful upside potential associated with our
financially driven business model.

The path to completing this merger is progressing well. We received HSR clearance last week, the S-4
proxy will be filed within the next few days and both companies plan to hold shareholder votes around
year-end to finalize the merger. Integration plans are also underway, led by a transition team comprised of
senior leaders from each company. In addition to ensuring a seamless transition, the team is also tasked
with capitalize on the synergies and operational efficiencies that contribute to the significant upside of the
combined company.

Moving to Slide 4. The value of our merger with WPX lies not only in the power of our enhanced scale and
strong financial position but also in how we will manage our company in the future. As I have mentioned
many times in the past, with a commodity business such as ours, any successful strategy must be
grounded in supply and demand fundamentals. We understand the maturing demand dynamics for our
industry and recognize the traditional E&P growth model of the past is not a viable strategy going forward.
To win in the next phase of the energy cycle, a successful company must deploy a financially driven
business model that prioritizes cash returns directly to shareholders.

Devon is an industry leader in its cash return movement, and with this highly disciplined strategy, we are
absolutely committed to limiting top line growth aspirations to 5% or less in times of favorable conditions,
pursuing margin expansion through operational scale and leaner corporate structure, moderating
investment rates to 70% to 80% of operating cash flow, maintaining extremely low levels of leverage to
establish a greater margin of safety and returning more cash directly to shareholders through quarterly
and variable dividends. I believe these shareholder-friendly initiatives that underpin our cash-return
business model will transform Devon from a highly efficient oil and gas operator to a prominent and
consistent builder of economic value through the cycle.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

With the extreme price volatility we have recently experienced, I do want to provide a few preliminary
thoughts on 2021. While it is a bit too early to provide any formal guidance, I want to be clear that our
top priorities are to protect our financial strength, aggressively reduce costs and protect our productive
capacity. We believe we can accomplish all these objectives in the current operating environment. In
fact, with our strong hedging position and pro forma cost structure, we can fund our maintenance capital
program at an ultra-low breakeven level of $33 WTI pricing, if not lower, with the leading-edge results we
are achieving in the Delaware.

We will provide more formalized guidance for 2021 upon completion of the merger with WPX, but we
will remain mindful of commodity prices, nimble with our capital plans, and we will invest responsibly to
protect shareholder value during this time of uncertainty.

And finally, on Slide 5. Another critically important component of Devon's business model is our
commitment to delivering top-tier ESG performance. Doing business the right way has always been a
focal point for Devon and predates the growing focus on ESG that we -- that has taken off in recent years.
We believe the strong ESG performance -- strong performance in the ESG space is essential and impacts
every aspect of our business operationally and financially. As with all other aspects of our business, our
focus is to control what we can control, while providing energy the world needs, and we take pride in
fulfilling this need in a reliable and responsible manner.

As such, our top environmental priorities include eliminating routine flaring, reducing emissions and
advancing water recycling. In addition to these environmental objectives, we strive to cultivate an
inclusive and diverse workplace, where broad experiences and fresh perspectives can sharpen our
competitive edge. From a governance perspective, we are proud that the combined company will have a
strong, diverse and independent Board, committed to responsible operations to advance the best interest
of all stakeholders. The bottom line is we are committed to these principles, which is underscored by the
inclusion of ESG performance as a key measure in our compensation structure.

So in summary, I want to emphasize that the go-forward Devon has all the necessary attributes to
successfully navigate and flourish in today's environment and to create value for many years to come. Our
shareholder-friendly strategy is designed to result in attractive returns and free cash flow yields that will
compete with any sector in the market. The combination of our top-tier asset portfolio, proven leadership
team and disciplined business model offers a unique investment proposition in the E&P space.

And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to David Harris to cover a few of our operational highlights
from the quarter.

David Gerard Harris
Executive VP, Chief Corporate Development Officer & Executive VP of Exploration & Production

Good morning, everyone. As Dave touched on, Devon's operations are hitting on all cylinders as we have
repeatedly delivered best-in-class results over the past several quarters.

Turning your attention to Slide 8 of our earnings presentation. Our world-class Delaware Basin asset is
the capital-efficient growth engine driving Devon's operational outperformance in the third quarter. With
our capital activity almost exclusively focused in the Delaware, our high-margin production continued to
rapidly advance, growing 22% on a year-over-year basis.

During the third quarter, our operated activity consisted of 9 drilling rigs and 3 dedicated frac crews,
resulting in 32 new wells commencing first production. With most of these completions weighted towards
the back half of the quarter, only 14 of these new wells meaningfully impacted production totals in the
third quarter by attaining peak production rates. Overall, initial 30-day production rates from these 14
wells averaged an impressive 3,900 BOE per day, of which greater than 65% was oil, and those wells
collectively rank among the very best results we have delivered to date in this world-class basin.

While we had great results across our Delaware Basin acreage position in the quarter, new well activity
was highlighted by the record-setting well productivity from our Cobra project in Lea County. This 2-well,
3-mile lateral development targeting the XY sands in the Upper Wolfcamp achieved average 30-day rates
of approximately 7,300 BOE per day or 475 BOE per thousand feet of lateral. These wells, drilled in the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

deepest part of the basin, are the longest wells drilled in the history of the Delaware by measured depth
and are the highest-rate Wolfcamp wells we have brought online to date at Devon. Importantly, the capital
cost for the Cobra project came in nearly 20% below our pre-drill expectations.

Our result at Cobra is another example of the industry-leading performance we have consistently
achieved in the Delaware over the past few years. This performance reflects the quality of our acreage
and our technical understanding of the subsurface that allows us to identify the best landing zones.
Furthermore, with the experience of drilling hundreds of horizontal wells in the basin, our results are
aided by understanding parent-child dynamics, appropriate well spacing per development and customized
completion designs to optimize results.

I am confident we can continue to deliver this differentiated well productivity in the Delaware going
forward. Our large contiguous stacked pay position in the economic core of the play provides us a multi-
decade inventory opportunity and we have a deep inventory of approved federal drilling permits in hand
that essentially cover all of our desired activity over the next presidential term.

Turning your attention to the left-hand of Slide 9. In addition to strong well productivity, another key
highlight for the quarter is the substantially improved drilling and completion cost results we've achieved
in the Delaware Basin. This is evidenced by our drilled and completed costs reaching $560 per lateral foot
in the third quarter, a 40% improvement compared to 2018. These results are absolutely best-in-class
among our peers.

The key drivers of this performance are the continual optimization of drilling and completion designs,
along with repetition gains from drilling 2-mile Wolfcamp wells and nonproductive time improvements
across all phases of the value chain. These are truly special results, and I would like to congratulate
our operating team for this outstanding accomplishment. However, we are never done improving, and
based on leading-edge results, we expect our steadily improving cycle times and cost to provide a capital
efficiency tailwind into 2021.

Shifting your attention to the right-hand portion of the slide, we have also done a lot of good work to
expand our margins by lowering per-unit operating costs by 26% since 2018. One of the most meaningful
sources of cost improvement is the scalable infrastructure we have proactively built out. We have nearly
all of our oil and produced water connected to pipes to avoid the higher expense of trucking and is also a
major positive from a safety and an environmental perspective.

Looking specifically at our water infrastructure, we are fully integrated with 9 water recycling facilities, 40
operated saltwater disposal wells and connections to several third-party water systems. This operating
scale and flexibility allows us to source more than 90% of our operational water needs from either
recycled or brackish water at costs that are well below market rates. This strategic infrastructure provides
the advantage of avoiding the extremely high expense of trucking in the remote desert of Southeast New
Mexico, which can easily exceed a couple of dollars per barrel.

A few important -- other important contributing factors to our cost improvement in the Delaware are the
use of leading-edge data analytics that have reduced controllable downtime in the field by 12% year-
over-year as well as supply chain initiatives that leverage our purchasing power to secure services at
advantaged rates. The bottom line is that the hard work and thoughtful planning from our operations
team and supply chain personnel positions us to capture additional savings that many of our competitors
cannot.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Ritenour for a brief financial review.

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, David. My comments today will be focused on a brief review of our financial results for the quarter
and the next steps in the execution of our financial strategy. A good place to start today is by reviewing
our financial performance in the quarter, where Devon's earnings and cash flow per share comfortably
exceeded consensus estimates.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Operating cash flow for the third quarter totaled $427 million, a rebound of nearly 200% compared to last
quarter. This level of cash flow fully funded our capital spending requirements and generated $223 million
cash flow in the quarter. At the end of September, Devon had $4.9 billion of liquidity, consisting of $1.9
billion of cash on hand and $3 billion of undrawn capacity on our unsecured credit facility.

Subsequent to quarter end, on October 1, our liquidity was further bolstered by the closing of our Barnett
Shale divestiture. For those of you not familiar with the transaction, we agreed to sell our Barnett Shale
assets for up to $830 million of total proceeds, consisting of $570 million in cash and contingent payments
of up to $260 million. After adjusting for purchase price adjustments, which includes $170 million deposit
we received in April and accrued cash flow from the effective date, we received a net cash payment at
closing of $320 million. In conjunction with the closing of this transaction, we returned a portion of the
proceeds to shareholders by way of a $100 million special dividend. This special dividend was paid on
October 1 in the amount of $0.26 per share.

With the excess cash inflows our business is on track to generate in 2020, we expect our cash balances to
exceed $2 billion by year-end. The top priority for the large amount of cash we have accumulated is the
repayment of up to $1.5 billion of outstanding debt between Devon and WPX. This debt-reduction plan will
provide a nice uplift to the go-forward company's cash flow, resulting in interest savings of approximately
$75 million on an annual run rate basis. We expect to execute our debt-reduction plan throughout 2021
with completion by year-end. We'll be mindful of macroeconomic conditions and remain flexible with how
we execute the repurchases, which may include both open market transactions and tender offers.

Should commodity prices deteriorate from current levels, we'll prioritize liquidity and defer debt
repurchases to a more appropriate time. Longer term, it is our fundamental belief that a successful E&P
company must maintain extremely low levels of leverage. In accordance with this belief, we'll continue to
manage towards our stated leverage target of around 1x net debt to EBITDA.

Turning your attention to Slide 14. With our business scale to consistently generate free cash flow, another
key financial priority for Devon is to further accelerate the return of cash to shareholders through higher
dividends. However, we believe the traditional dividend growth model deployed by most U.S.-based
companies is flawed when applied to a commodities business. The historical practice in the industry of
raising the fixed quarterly dividend in times of prosperity and cutting the dividend or under-investing in
the core business during down cycles is not an optimal solution.

With these specific challenges in mind, we're implementing an industry-first fixed-plus-variable dividend
framework to optimize the return of cash to shareholders through the cycle. This progressive dividend
strategy is uniquely designed for our inherently volatile business, whereby a sustainable fixed dividend
is paid every quarter and a supplemental variable dividend is also calculated and reviewed each quarter.
More specifically, upon closing of our merger with WPX, Devon's fixed quarterly dividend will remain
unchanged and paid quarterly at a rate of $0.11 per share with a target payout of approximately 10% of
operating cash flow, assuming mid-cycle pricing.

In addition to the fixed quarterly dividend, up to 50% of the excess free cash flow in a given quarter will
be distributed to shareholders through the supplemental variable dividend if certain liquidity, leverage and
forward-looking price criteria are met. In conjunction with this more flexible dividend payout strategy, we
will also utilize a portion of the combined company's excess free cash flow to further improve our balance
sheet and evaluate opportunistic share repurchases.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.

Scott Coody
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] With that, operator, we'll take our
first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Unknown Analyst

This is actually [ Kalei ] on for Doug. I've got 2 questions, if I may, both are related to public policy on oil
and gas. So under a potential Biden administration, obviously there is risk to the industry. Firstly, what's
your understanding of the potential subsidies to the industry that could be targeted? And specifically, I'm
thinking about items like IDCs or even minimum book tax that could raise cash costs on the business. How
would this change items like your breakeven and how you will pursue your activity levels?

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

This is Jeff. To be honest, I don't have a lot of specific details around any changes that the Biden
administration is planning or has talked about. Certainly, to the extent that IDC were to be limited or
changed in some way, that would be impactful certainly to our financial results and the taxable income
that we would generate as a company. So that's something we'll certainly have to be on a watch for and
be mindful of, but we don't have any specific details at this point in time.

Unknown Analyst

All right. For my second question, I'd just like to ask for an update on your federal acreage plans. How
many permits have been secured? To what date does that bring you to? And if that window -- if you
anticipate that window closing under a new administration to obtain permits, when do you think that
would close?

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

Well, I'll start off here, and then David will provide details. I think we said in our prepared remarks that
we anticipate having about 650 federal permits by the end of the year. 80% of those are going to be
in the Delaware Basin or about 520 federal permits in the Delaware Basin by the end of the year is our
anticipation.

The key point of that is that, that covers 4 years of activity that we would anticipate in the Delaware
Basin, and that's, keeping in mind when I say that, even under the maintenance capital scenario where
production overall for the company would remain flat. That means, though, in the Delaware Basin, we
would be growing our production. So that's a level of permits that would allow production to actually grow
in the Delaware Basin while keeping the overall production for the company as flat.

And the other thing I'd mention, too, is keep in mind, we are very well aligned with the state here, that
40% of the revenue in New Mexico comes from oil and gas activities. And the state understands extremely
well. Governor Grisham, who's on the Biden transition team, understands and supports very much oil and
gas activity in the state. So I know there's a lot of discussion around this and I understand why, but the
alignment with the state and what we do as an industry for the state to help out with other social needs
that the state has is extremely important. Everyone in the state of New Mexico understands that.

And so it's a great hypothetical question, but frankly, we think, most likely, is that things will slow down,
but there's not going to be a stopping of activity on federal acreage. Even if there is, we have 4 years'
worth of activity covered with the permits we anticipate by the end of the year.

So David, did I miss anything there?

David Gerard Harris
Executive VP, Chief Corporate Development Officer & Executive VP of Exploration & Production

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

No, you didn't. I couldn't have said it better myself. I think you covered all the relevant points, and I agree
with everything you said.

Unknown Analyst

Guys, I appreciate that answer. Maybe if I could just ask a follow-up for clarification. Just wondering if
any of the 650 permits that have been secured, if they require any extensions by the federal government,
because 4 years is obviously a long period of time.

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

Yes. Federal permits are issued with a 2-year term, and then you have the ability to extend them for an
additional 2 years. So certainly, permits that are out would be out past that 2-year term would require us
to go through the extension process. But a couple of things I'd point out to you there. We've never had
an extension denied before. And it's important to note that the permits are underlied by an environmental
assessment that's done as part of the permitting process, and those environmental assessments are good
for a period of 5 years. So the answer to your question is yes, but we don't foresee any material impacts
from that.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.

Brian Arthur Singer
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Another topic that's come up here in the -- with some of the M&A that's happened in the Permian Basin
after the Devon-WPX announcement is the topic of decline rates. And you highlighted the very strong
well performance that you're seeing and have been seeing in the Delaware Basin. And I wonder you could
give us an update on where you see your Permian and corporate decline rate and how you expect that to
evolve in 2021 in a maintenance program.

David Gerard Harris
Executive VP, Chief Corporate Development Officer & Executive VP of Exploration & Production

Brian, this is David Harris. Yes, as we've talked about in the past, if you -- just starting with our year-end
reserve report that we filed last year, if you look at those decline rates on a company-wide basis, that put
us in kind of the high 30s percent on an oil basis and in the low 30s on a BOE basis.

As we move forward into this year and as we've been moderating capital, then combined with some of
the fantastic work that the teams are doing from a base-production perspective, which we continue to
see outperform quarter-over-quarter, our expectation is that on a company-wide basis, that oil rate would
move from the high 30s to the low 30s and on a BOE basis, down into the mid-20s.

Brian Arthur Singer
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. And then my follow-up is also with regards to the Permian. On Slide 10, you talk about, in
some detail, the various projects that you have and where in the order of completion, drilling and
production they lie. And I wondered as you contemplate the WPX acquisition and you think about where
a maintenance drilling program between the 2 companies, where you would prioritize, how would you
see the Devon legacy drilling activity evolving? How would this -- the main areas that you highlight on
the top left of Slide 10, would you be drilling more or fewer wells there? How would you think about the
prioritization in the context of having the WPX assets?

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

Well, we're still in the process of developing a -- obviously a combined 2021 capital program. We don't
have anything specific to lay out there. But obviously, in the Delaware Basin where we're drilling the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

legacy Devon wells, we are delivering best-in-class costs for these wells. Productivity that's as good as
just about anybody out there. And obviously, you get a little bit of advantage of a lower royalty rate on
federal acreage as well.

And so the economics on the Devon legacy activity are incredibly strong. Probably, on average, I'd say,
even a little bit stronger than the WPX. But the WPX is extremely strong also, and that's why we like it.
But it's hard to top what you can do right here in Lea and Eddy County. And so I'd see we -- again, we
haven't developed any sort of combined budget, but it's -- they're both highly economic areas. Probably
the overall edge on an average basis would probably go to the activity in Lea and Eddy County on the
federal -- on the legacy Devon acreage.

Brian Arthur Singer
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Great. And the last one, if I could just add one more. The $560 per foot, the cost that you achieved
in the third quarter of 2020, do you care to hazard a forecast for where that could be in 2021 in a
maintenance-type scenario?

David Gerard Harris
Executive VP, Chief Corporate Development Officer & Executive VP of Exploration & Production

Well, we have been highlighting improved performance on a cost-per-foot basis every quarter for the last
couple of years. I mean we just continue to find ways to step that down. And to your comment about
hazarding a guess, frankly, that points to levels that I'm not sure I would have thought we could get to.
And so I think a lot of what we're doing here, there is a bit of service-cost deflation in there.

But I would tell you, in my mind, probably 3/4 of the improvement that we're making here over the
last quarter and the last several quarters is efficiency-driven, and so we believe that's going to be more
structural. So we absolutely believe we can carry forward these levels and continue with rate of change as
we move forward into 2021. And we think that's going to be a nice capital efficiency tailwind and another
leg to the capital efficiency story.

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

Brian, one thing that people have said, why are you doing this? How can you do this? Well, I'd say one
of the big things that we have going for us is that we went -- we were the first ones to go to 10,000-foot
laterals in the Wolfcamp out here. And we -- admittedly, we had a few wells in the beginning, where I'd
say we stubbed our toes a little bit. They were challenging at first for us.

Most of the industry are drilling 7,500-foot laterals. We went to 10,000. But because we went early and
we figured it out and we went a, what we call a modified slim hole design, that design has turned out
to be very robust and be the appropriate design that we have now stayed with for a long time. So we
have many, many repetitions of drilling the same type well over and over and over, many more than I
think than many of our peer companies out there with this particular design. And that just allows us to be
further down on the efficiency curve.

Now are we done? We absolutely are never done. No way. But I think if there's a question, well, this
almost seems too good to be true, why are you able to do this? I'd say those are a couple of the big things
as well as allowing us to optimize our costs from our vendors when you go to that fixed design like that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Dave, my first question for you or Jeff has been kind of talked about it a little bit. It's really on Slide 14,
but -- and you've talked a lot about your thoughts about the variable dividend. But I just want to make
sure I'm clear.

On that slide, you talk about that the dividend could be up to 50% of excess free cash flow. I'm just
wondering, when deriving that or thinking about that, how should we think about prior to that, where you
would want the debt load? Is that once you get the debt level to a certain point and once you have growth
at a certain point? I'm just wondering how I should think about that when sort of factoring in leverage and
the growth.

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

Well, I'll start off here, and then Jeff can chime in. So what we've said, and I'll talk about the combined
Devon-WPX here pro forma, that we -- our breakevens for maintenance capital would be $33 WTI.
And frankly, with what we're talking about this morning, it looks like it's -- we're tending to drive that
lower. We don't have a new number for you today. But obviously, the results that we talked about today
would tend to drive that breakeven even lower. Then if you add the fixed dividend, that would take the
breakeven up to $37.

And we've said that we will invest at maintenance capital levels up to around $45 per share. So we would
be building free cash flow in that range. And once we get to $45, we'd mix in a combination of a little
bit of growth, select growth, along with adding to the free cash flow at the same time. And by the time
we get to $50 -- $50 WTI, I may have said per share -- $50 WTI, we can accomplish all of our strategic
objectives of 5% growth and really strong cash flow yield.

So back when we start generating free cash flow, we think we're at a healthy enough financial position
that we can do a combination of debt paydown and the variable dividend. Now obviously, we want to
maintain some flexibility around how much we do to each. But we think we're in a good position on both.
And so we'll make judgment calls on how we think the appropriate mixture is, but it's not like we have
to get one done before we start the other or we have to have a certain level of growth before we start
to fix the variable dividend policy. We anticipate once we start generating free cash flow, if we see an
appropriate commodity price outlook, that we will start the variable dividend policy. So Jeff?

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. That's well said, Dave. But Neal, the short answer I would give you is we're already there. So we've
got the cash balance. We feel like we have the strong balance sheet. And we've got a constructive view
of the commodity price outlook that we highlighted in that step 2 on Slide 14. So obviously, we've seen
some weakness here in prices this week, and that could certainly continue into next year, so we'll be
mindful of that. But as Dave said, in our minds, with the combined company, we're already in a position to
where we can deliver cash returns to the shareholders via the fixed and the variable dividend along with
accomplishing our debt reduction target over time. So we feel like we're there and in good shape.

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Great details. And then just one follow-up. Dave, you also talked a lot about -- I just want to make sure
I'm clear on this as well -- around what you term maintenance capital. You had a lot of efficiency, just a lot
of improvements that continue to improve what that sort of level is. On a go-forward, how should we -- I
guess, how do you define that these days, I guess, given all the improvements you have? And how should
we think about -- when we think about potentially maintenance capital into '21, how would you like us to
think about it?

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Well, first off, we're trying to use what I would consider more of a Webster's dictionary book definition
of maintenance capital. So it's not an optimized 2021 maintenance capital. In other words, we're not
counting on any sort of drawdown of DUC inventory in this at all. This is more of a pure, how much capital
do we think we need to spend or what price WTI do we need, given the capital we need to spend in order
to keep production flat without any drawdown of DUCs. If we would draw down DUCs, it could be even
better.

And so certainly, as we have accomplished better capital efficiency, along with the cost synergies that
we're anticipating out of the merger, that, that's what's allowing us to lower that maintenance capital
significantly. I would anticipate that's going to continue to lower through time as we continue to achieve
even greater capital efficiency, more cost efficiencies. And frankly, as our -- as Brian Singer brought up
earlier, as our overall corporate decline rate becomes lower in outer years, then the amount of capital
required to maintain the production should trend lower also.

So what we're giving you is just kind of a definition of where it is, just slamming together the 2
companies, what we both defined as maintenance capital. I think it was $950 million on the Devon side
and the remainder on the WPX side. But again, the results we're seeing today are tending to indicate that,
even now, it's going to be lower in 2021, but we're not giving an exact number.

Operator

Our next question comes from Derrick Whitfield with Stifel.

Derrick Lee Whitfield
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I appreciate your earlier comments on federal and state alignment as election risks are certainly top of
mind with investors. Regarding the 650 permits you're expecting to have on hand at year-end, do the
permits comprehend any change in development approach from your current practices, including spacing,
lateral length, et cetera?

And as a slight build on that question, if a negative election and/or regulatory outcome were to occur,
could the permits be amended at a later time for longer laterals if you needed to accelerate resource
conversion?

David Gerard Harris
Executive VP, Chief Corporate Development Officer & Executive VP of Exploration & Production

Derrick, this is David Harris. Thanks for your question. Yes, the 650 permits that we have in hand
contemplate our current development strategy around the zones that we're the most focused on and that
spacing as well is giving us some flexibility for some downspacing.

To your question about the transition to 3-mile laterals, just for your background, kind of the quick rule of
thumb is if you've got a drilling permit in hand and you make a change, if it doesn't result in a different
level of surface disturbance, you don't need to get a new permit. You go through what's called a sundry
process, which is a really quick and routine process that we have. We do these from time to time when we
tweak landing zones or bottom-hole locations. And so that's the process that we would go through as we
look for opportunities to incorporate more extra-long lateral development into the programs.

And certainly, with the -- not just the results we've seen in Cobra, but the results we've seen over the
last couple of years across the portfolio, that's something we're actively looking at. We've drilled about
30 wells across the company that are 2.5-mile laterals or longer, about half of those in the Delaware. But
importantly, we've drilled them in all 3 of our other assets as well. So we're getting increasing reps there,
as Dave alluded to, and increasing confidence in our ability to make that a meaningful part of the program
go-forward.

And I think you'd expect to see probably a half dozen or so of 3-mile wells in the Delaware next year and
upwards of 20%, 25% that are 2.5-mile laterals or longer. So we think this is going to be an important

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

part of our development approach going forward. We think there's a -- obviously, as you saw from Cobra,
a big capital efficiency pickup as we successfully execute this.

Derrick Lee Whitfield
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

That's fantastic detail. And then as my follow-up, really more broadly on integration efforts to date. As
your teams have begun to work together, are you guys sensing any area of the potential synergy beyond
what's been disclosed?

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

I think the short answer is yes, that when you get good people together and they start talking about that,
and I think particularly on the capital side, we're seeing that there are going to be improvements even just
from pure scale on the supply chain and what the incremental scale will provide as well as just optimizing
programs as well. So yes, it's still early days, but I can tell you, there's a lot of excitement and enthusiasm
that the synergies are not only achievable, but we're going to see more than that. So Jeff and David here
are even closer to it than me. Got anything?

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

No, Dave, I think you hit the high points. That's exactly right. As the teams have gotten together, again,
it's early days still for sure, but already started to think about specific areas across the organizations. And
I think there's no doubt in our mind that we've got a lot of momentum there and should see an increase to
those synergies over time in most areas.

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

And I'll just say philosophically, I think one of the reasons that this -- we're going to make this work so
well is it's our whole approach to this is more of a merger of equals. And so we're -- both sides are taking
the attitude that, okay, we've both done well on our own, but are there some things that we can do to
create a better company that are even better than either one is individually? And it's that open-minded
attitude about -- and really not focusing on what I do great or my company does great.

It's more about, okay, we -- how can we really create something that's better than either one of us and
not worry about where it comes from, whether it's from the WPX side or the Devon side, just how can we
do better? And I think there's a lot to be said for just that mental attitude of really trying to take the best
from both sides. It's going to allow even more synergies in a situation where you just have something
that's just much more of a takeover and you don't learn as much from the other side as you do in this
type situation.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers.

Jeffrey Campbell;Tuohy Brothers;Analyst

Dave, I wanted to ask a more specific WPX question and then one broader question. With regard to WPX,
it's tended to invest elsewhere than in its Eddy County assets, whereas Devon has outstanding results
there, as illustrated on Slide 8. I was wondering if you see the potential to bring some capital to WPX's
Eddy acreage when the merger is complete.

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

Yes. We don't have a specific plan, but I mean they have some outstanding acreage just across the state
line in an area actually called the Stateline area as well as the acreage they picked up from Felix, and
which Felix, we think -- and they feel very much so, too, did not optimize the development plan on that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

So yes, it's going to compete for capital very well. I did say I think, maybe on average, that Devon's
a little bit better, but the legacy results we have are a pretty high bar to meet. And I don't know that
anybody that we'd look at would quite match up to that. But that doesn't mean that WPX isn't really, really
good.

And that's what -- and -- well, frankly, we did quite a big study on those before WPX acquired both those
positions. So we understand those positions pretty darn well. So David, do you want to add anything?

David Gerard Harris
Executive VP, Chief Corporate Development Officer & Executive VP of Exploration & Production

No, I think that's exactly right. Jeff, you may have been referencing some of the acreage that's further
north in Eddy County that would be kind of northwest of our Potato Basin area. There's -- some of that
acreage is operated. Our understanding is some of it's non-operated. But that would certainly be a place,
as we think about acreage trades and other things, that we'd be looking at potential for bringing some of
this extra-long lateral development approach to here.

Jeffrey Campbell;Tuohy Brothers;Analyst

Yes, that was exactly what I was thinking about. So I appreciate...

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

I'm sorry, Jeffrey, I kind of misunderstood your question. I thought you meant their...

Jeffrey Campbell;Tuohy Brothers;Analyst

Well, it was good color anyway. It was fine. My broader question is, bearing in mind Devon's go-forward
focus on free cash flow and considering the merger, is there any part of the portfolio that's struggling to
generate free cash now? And would this be a yardstick for not only attracting capital in the future, but
maybe some portfolio management longer term?

David A. Hager
Executive Chairman of the Board

Well, we have -- if you think about it, we have -- 3 areas are generating really strong free cash flow right
now, pro forma that will be generating really strong free cash flow, in the Bakken, the Eagle Ford and
the Anadarko Basin. Obviously, the biggest growth engine with 400,000 really high-quality acres in the
Delaware Basin, that's going to be the biggest growth engine.

And then you have the Rockies, that's more of a longer-term growth play. It's not as much of a free
cash flow play right now. And it's a smaller asset, but it's a very oily basin. We know there is very good
potential in Niobrara there across probably a couple of hundred thousand acres or so. And our approach
right now, we think, is most appropriate. Just take a very measured approach, we've drilled some wells
here, we're learning a great deal from the wells we did about what worked extremely well and where our
challenges still lie.

It's probably an environment that is going to take -- it's very oily up in the Powder. It's going to take
probably $45, $50 oil to really compete effectively for economics, but there's a lot of hydrocarbon there.
So it's the one that's not as a strong a contributor currently, but I don't feel -- we'll obviously look as a
combined company. Neither side has been afraid to make the right decision at the appropriate time, but
there's nothing obvious because both companies have really high-graded their portfolio a lot historically.
And we like the asset base, but that's obviously the stage of each of them, and we understand it, we'll
look at it.

Scott Coody
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Well, it looks like we've gotten through our question queue. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon
today. And if you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations
team at any time. Have a good day. Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

