Dollar Tree, Inc. NasdaqGS:DLTR
FQ3 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 23, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2022-

-FQ4 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.95

0.96

1.05

1.75

5.56

6.29

Revenue  (mm)

6421.16

6417.70

(0.05 %)

7036.57

26262.57

27513.73

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-23-2021 1:25 PM GMT

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

FQ2 2022

FQ3 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.12

1.40

1.02

0.95

2.13

1.60

1.23

0.96

0.47 %

14.29 %

20.59 %

1.05 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kevin S. Wampler
Chief Financial Officer

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Randy Guiler
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Bradley Bingham Thomas
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

John Edward Heinbockel
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Efram Kessler
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day and welcome to the Dollar Tree Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is
being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Randy Guiler. Please go ahead.

Randy Guiler
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Katie. Good morning and welcome to our call to discuss results for Dollar Tree's Third Fiscal
Quarter 2021. With me on today's call are Mike Witynski and Kevin Wampler.

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about our
expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes
of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially from those indicated
in these forward-looking statements. For information on the risks and uncertainties that could affect
our actual results, please see the Risk Factors, Business and Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections in our annual report on Form 10-K filed March 16,
2021, our Form 10-Q for the most recently ended fiscal quarter, our most recent press release and Form
8-K, and other filings we will make from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

We caution against reliance on these forward-looking statements made today, and we disclaim any
obligation to update or revise these statements except as required by law. Following our prepared
remarks, we will open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Mike Witynski, Dollar Tree's President and Chief Executive Officer.

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Randy. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on today's call. I would first like to take a
moment to recognize our store associates, distribution center staff, our field leadership and our world-
class merchants. Our teams are working around the clock to do everything they can to defend against
the current inflationary environment, keep our shelves stocked and provide customers with undeniable
value and great service and easy-to-shop, close-to-home store locations. Their hard work and dedication
is critical to our company's success, and I'd like to extend sincere thanks for their unwavering commitment
to our customers.

We experienced a strong finish to the third quarter. As shoppers are increasingly focused on value in this
inflationary environment, we continue to see accelerated progress in our key strategic initiatives, including
Dollar Tree Plus!, Combo Stores and our H2 format.

During the past quarter, freight costs were significantly higher than expected. Our fourth quarter outlook,
which Kevin will provide later in the call, reflects the higher cost structure we experienced in the third
quarter. However, our EPS for the third quarter was at the higher end of the range as the performance of
the rest of the business offset these higher freight costs. Freight and supply chain disruptions, of course,
continue to be our biggest challenge in the near term by far, and the impact will continue for a while.

But this challenge is transitory. As we detailed last quarter, our team continues to take robust action to
mitigate the impact of freight costs and supply chain disruptions. We believe that based on the steps that
we have taken, we will benefit meaningfully as these challenges abate.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

The Dollar Tree segment delivered a comp sales increase of 60 basis points against its toughest quarterly
compare in nearly 3 years. On a 2-year comp stack basis, this was a sequential improvement of 170 basis
points from the prior quarter.

Discretionary continues to perform well with a 3.2% comp for the quarter. Consumables were impacted
by assortment constraints and past dues. Our $3 and $5-plus assortment continues to resonate well with
our shoppers as we had tremendous sell-through in our Halloween merchandise and fall decor. And for the
year, our multi-price point merchandise will exceed our sales plan. And we will end this fiscal year with
Dollar Tree Plus! in nearly 600 stores, exceeding our previous target of 500 stores by the end of the year.

Family Dollar delivered a positive 2.7% comp against the 6.4% increase a year ago. This represented the
third consecutive quarter that Family Dollar 2-year comp stack has exceeded 9%.

The consumable side of the business comped over 3%, while discretionary was slightly negative as we
cycled stimulus dollars from the prior year. We are extremely pleased with the Family Dollar brand as the
business continues to gain share.

Comps at both banners were driven by an increase in average ticket, partially offset by a decline in
transaction comp. The last month of the quarter, October, represented the strongest comp for both
banners.

Our digital offerings continue to evolve while we are steadfastly focused on best meeting our customers'
changing needs. In October, we announced our expanded partnership with Instacart to now include same-
day delivery from nearly 7,000 Dollar Tree stores. Nearly 100 million U.S. households now have delivery
options from 13,000 of our store locations. We are very pleased with the initial results from the latest
expansion.

Turning to the $1.25 price point. Our leadership team has been planning for the expansion of this initiative
since late summer. As you know, in September, we announced our plans to add price points above $1
to all Dollar Tree stores and on a test-and-learn basis to select legacy Dollar Tree stores. As a result of
the positive customer feedback and store performance during the initial phase, we have introduced the
initiative to nearly 200 additional legacy Dollar Tree stores.

In today's press release, we announced for the first time in Dollar Tree's 35-year history we are lifting
the $1 price point cap at all Dollar Tree stores on the majority of our assortment. The $1.25 price point
enhances our ability to materially expand assortments, introduce new products and sizes and provide
families with more of their daily essentials. We will have greater flexibility to continue providing incredible
value and help customers get the everyday items they need and celebratory and seasonal products that
Dollar Tree is best known for.

Additionally, we are now reintroducing many customer favorites and key traffic driving domestic and
consumable products that Dollar Tree had previously discontinued due to the constraints of a $1 price
point. The new price point will also enable us to mitigate historically high merchandising cost increases,
including freight and distribution costs as well as higher operating costs such as wage increased.

Our teams are focused on speed, execution and customer research, and our shoppers are responding
favorably. When surveyed, the majority of our customers indicated they were already aware of the
previously announced new price point. And not surprisingly, many have also indicated they are seeing
price increases across the market and that Dollar Tree is still providing the products they need at
undeniable value. We are extremely focused on flawless execution and are providing our leadership team
out in the field with tools to support a seamless transition.

Actions include: providing teams with a conversion checklist to ensure consistently exceed across markets
and stores; dedicate adequate store hours to complete the preparation tasks, including removing the
signage and display elements referring to the Everything's a Dollar; implementing the new signage
regarding the $1.25 price point on displays, end caps and shelf strips throughout the store, posting clear
communications to customers in entry ways and at the checkout; and we are equipping our store teams
with messaging for responding to customer inquiries.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

We have closely monitored the performance of the test stores and shopper reaction through extensive
customer intercepts and third-party surveys since our initial test began. We will continue to gather
our feedback throughout the process to ensure we remain fiercely committed to our brand promise of
providing customers with extreme value every day, along with more thrills, more fun and more new items
every week.

For 35 years, we've been able to manage through inflationary periods to maintain the Everything for $1
philosophy that distinguished Dollar Tree and made it one of the most successful retail concepts for 3
decades. However, we strongly believe this is the appropriate time to shift away from the constraints of
the $1 price point in order to continue offering extreme value to our customers.

The independent surveys of shoppers across the U.S. have indicated that 77% of the shoppers were
almost immediately aware of the price point change. And of those 77%, 31% already knew before they
visited the store and 17% became immediately aware upon entering the store, while 29% were aware
within minutes of entering the store. Critically, 91% of those surveyed indicated they would shop with the
same or increased frequency. We will continue to monitor the success of these initiatives, and we believe
we will see improvement in the survey results since now we have the ability to further expand the product
offering and reintroduce key traffic-driving items.

Upon validating the store execution, customer reception and the performance results were as anticipated.
We expanded the program to nearly 200 additional stores across 3 major markets, and we are pleased to
say the results have been relatively consistent. As expected, we are seeing lifts in comp sales, partially
offset by a smaller decline in unit sales. We are seeing an initial lift to product margins that will normalize
over time as our merchant teams evolve our assortments.

Importantly, we expect this initiative will enable us to mitigate the higher freight other inflationary
costs in order to return to our historical gross margin of 35% to 36% in fiscal 2022 while improving the
merchandising we're providing for our customers.

All the steps I mentioned have set a solid foundation to streamline the execution of this important
milestone in our company's history. We have been working hard to prepare this for this key strategic
initiative to ensure that we are providing customers with great products while unlocking long-term
shareholder value. We are focused on aggressively executing our plan to roll out the new price point
across the entire footprint of legacy Dollar Tree stores.

Our teams will be introducing the new price point in more than 2,000 additional legacy Dollar Tree
stores in December and complete the rollout to all stores by the end of the first quarter in fiscal 2022.
Concurrently, our company's merchants are working to continually enhance the offerings to drive traffic,
capture market share and further grow customer loyalty. We are working with our suppliers, and we
have already begun introducing new items every week, including seasonal, crafts, party supplies, food
essentials and more.

Beyond the changes at our legacy Dollar Tree stores, we are also continuing to expand the availability of
a $3 and $5-plus assortment. As I noted a few moments ago, we will exceed our previous goal of now
adding the Plus! concept to nearly 600 stores by the end of the year. We plan to add the Plus! assortment
to another 1,500 stores in fiscal 2022 and complete at least 5,000 stores in total by the end of fiscal 2024.

We are enthusiastic about the opportunity and improve performance of Dollar Tree by continuing to deliver
extreme value to our customers at the new $1.25 price point, driving comp sales and improving store
productivity, enhancing flexibility to better manage the overall business in an inflationary environment and
as previously mentioned, returning Dollar Tree gross margins back to the change historical 35% to 36%
annual range in fiscal 2022.

I will now hand the call over to Kevin to provide details on Q3 performance and our outlook.

Kevin S. Wampler
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Thanks, Mike, and good morning. Our third quarter EPS of $0.96 per share was near the high end of our
$0.88 to $0.98 guidance range. Consolidated net sales increased 3.9% to $6.42 billion, comprised of
$3.42 billion at Dollar Tree and $3 billion at Family Dollar. Enterprise same-store sales increased 1.6% as
we cycled a 5.1% increase from a year ago, representing a 6.7% increase on a 2-year stacked basis.

Comps for the Dollar Tree segment increased 0.6%. Family Dollar same-store sales increased 2.7%,
cycling a strong 6.4% increase from last year. On a 2-year stacked basis, Dollar Tree comps increased
4.6%, which was a 170 basis point improvement from Q2, and Family Dollar increased 9.1%.

Dollar Tree's comp was comprised of a 1.8% increase in average ticket, partially offset by a 1.1% decline
in traffic. Family Dollar experienced a 5.8% increase in average ticket, partially offset by a 3% decline in
traffic.

Gross profit was $1.76 billion for the quarter. Gross margin was 27.5% compared to 31.2% in the prior
year's quarter. Gross profit margin for Dollar Tree segment declined 470 basis points to 30.2% when
compared to the prior year's quarter. Factors impacting the segment's gross margin performance included
merchandise costs, including freight, increased 475 basis points driven by higher freight costs and lower
initial mark-on, partially offset by favorable mix from increased sales of higher-margin discretionary
merchandise.

Occupancy costs increased 10 basis points as a result of loss of leverage due to a lower comparable store
net sales increase and higher real estate tax expense. Distribution costs increased 10 basis points from
higher depreciation costs related to 2 new distribution centers and higher hourly wages, partially offset
by lower COVID-19-related expenses. And shrink improved 25 basis points related to favorable inventory
results and a decrease in the shrink accrual rate.

Gross profit margin for the Family Dollar segment declined 240 basis points to 24.4% in the third quarter.
The year-over-year delta included the following. Merchandise costs, including freight, increased 220 basis
points related to higher freight costs. Distribution costs increased 20 basis points compared to the prior
year quarter due to higher wages, partially offset by lower COVID-19-related expenses. Markdown costs
increased 20 basis points, primarily due to higher clearance markdowns. Occupancy costs increased 5
basis points, primarily due to higher real estate taxes, and shrink improved 30 basis points related to
favorable inventory results and a decrease in the shrink accrual rate.

Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses improved 100 basis points to 22.7% of total
revenue compared to 23.7% in Q3 last year. We cycled $35.3 million in COVID-19-related costs or 57
basis points in the prior year's quarter. For the third quarter, the SG&A rate for the Dollar Tree segment
as a percentage of total revenue improved 50 basis points to 21.7% when compared to the prior year's
quarter. Payroll costs improved 30 basis points, primarily due to lower COVID-19-related store payroll
costs and lower incentive compensation expenses, partially offset by minimum wage increases and
higher health insurance costs. And other SG&A decreased by 25 basis points, resulting from the benefit
associated with the settlement of a contractual dispute and the realization of certain tax credits.

For Family Dollar, the third quarter SG&A rate as a percentage of total revenue improved 80 basis points
to 21.4% compared to 22.2% in the prior year's quarter. Payroll costs decreased 65 basis points, primarily
due to lower COVID-19-related store payroll costs and lower incentive compensation expenses, partially
offset by minimum wage increases. Store facility costs decreased 30 basis points, primarily due to lower
repair and maintenance expenses and lower telecommunication expenses. Depreciation and amortization
expense increased 5 basis points due to expenditures associated with the store optimization program.
And other SG&A expense increased 20 basis points, primarily due to increases in advertising and travel
expenses and an increase in insurance costs related to general liability claims.

Corporate support and other expenses as a percentage of total revenue decreased approximately 30
basis points compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to lower incentive compensation. Operating
income was $310.5 million or 4.8% of total revenue in the third quarter. Our nonoperating expenses
totaled $33.6 million, comprised primarily of net interest expense. Our effective tax rate was 21.7%
compared to 22.8% in the prior year quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Company had net income of $216.8 million or $0.96 per diluted share as compared to net earnings of
$330 million or $1.39 per diluted share in the prior year's quarter. Combined cash and cash equivalents at
quarter end totaled $701.4 million compared to $1.42 billion at the end of fiscal 2020. Outstanding debt
as of October 30 were $3.25 billion. The company did not repurchase shares during the quarter as it was
preparing for the announcement and launch of its $1.25 price point initiative across the Dollar Tree stores.
We currently have $2.5 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization.

Inventory for Dollar Tree at quarter end increased 15.2% from the same time last year, consisting
primarily of a significant increase in goods on the water year-over-year. Comp store inventories are down
6.4% compared to a year ago when they were down 7.4%. Inventory for Family Dollar at quarter end
increased 12.4% from the same period last year. Comp store inventories are up 7.2% after being down
13.2% in 2020.

Capital expenditures were $295.6 million in the third quarter versus $238.7 million in Q3 last year.
For fiscal 2021, we expect the consolidated CapEx will be approximately $1.1 billion. Depreciation and
amortization totaled $178.5 million for Q3 compared to $170.1 million in the third quarter last year. For
fiscal 2021, we now expect consolidated depreciation and amortization to be approximately $715 million.

Our outlook for the remainder of 2021 includes the following assumptions. We have forecasted continued
pressure on wages due to the current shortage of workers available for our stores and distribution centers.
We expect shrink will continue to be a tailwind but not at the same rate as we are cycling improved results
from the prior year. Higher sales, lower store inventory levels, technology and better processes continue
to drive better results. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $33.6 million in Q4 and
approximately $133 million for fiscal 2021.

We estimate consolidated net sales for the fourth quarter will range from $7.02 billion to $7.18 billion
based on a low single-digit increase in same-store sales for the combined enterprise. Diluted earnings per
share are estimated to be in the range of $1.69 to $1.79. As Mike mentioned earlier, freight costs were
significantly higher than expected in the third quarter. Our fourth quarter outlook reflects the expectation
of higher transportation costs. These costs will be offset by the benefit of the Dollar Tree stores that are
transitioned to the $1.25 price point net of onetime costs to implement that change.

Consolidated net sales for full fiscal year 2021 are expected to range from $26.25 billion to $26.41 billion
based on a low single-digit increase in same-store sales and 3.3% square footage growth. The company
now estimates diluted earnings per share will range from $5.48 to $5.58. Freight costs for fiscal 2021 are
now expected to be approximately $2 higher than fiscal 2020 expressed in terms of the impact on diluted
earnings per share.

While much of the focus has been on transpacific ocean container rates, we are being impacted by all
aspects of freight, including higher cost for inland transportation by truck and rail and higher diesel costs.
Additionally, in the third quarter, we moved more containers than originally planned, which required
utilizing the spot market at rates higher than forecasted. To echo Mike's comments, freight continues to
be our biggest challenge in the near term. We believe the majority of the freight challenges are transitory.
The rest of the business is performing much better in the near term.

Our outlook assumes a tax rate of 22.1% for the fourth quarter and 22.7% for fiscal 2021. Weighted
average diluted share counts are assumed to be 225.9 million shares for Q4 and 228.9 million shares for
the full year. Our outlook does not include any share repurchases. We have $2.5 billion remaining on our
existing share repurchase authorization.

And I'll now turn the call back over to Mike.

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kevin. As I mentioned earlier on the call, we ended the third quarter with momentum in the
business, and that has certainly continued in both segments. Through the end of last week quarter-
to-date, our comps were running at a 4.9% increase at Family Dollar and a 3% increase at Dollar
Tree, and we are seeing positive trends as customers are planning to gather in person with family and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

friends to celebrate the holidays this year. The combination of shoppers seeking value in the inflationary
environment, along with the acceleration of the company's initiatives, including Combo Stores and Dollar
Tree Plus!, bode well for the continued traction and store productivity. In 2022, we plan implementing the
$3 and $5-plus assortment into 1,500 more Dollar Tree stores. We will also be adding 400 Combo Stores
through new or renovated stores, and we plan to renovate 800 legacy Family Dollar stores into the H2
format.

Additionally, lifting the $1 constraint represents a monumental step for our organization, and we are
enthusiastic about the opportunity to meaningfully improve our shoppers' experience and unlock value for
our stakeholders. We will be relentless in our commitment to offer our customers the best value possible,
albeit at a different price point, while guided by Dollar Tree's same founding principles.

We are extremely excited and confident about the opportunities in 2022 and beyond. We are very focused
on the acceleration of the initiatives that are working for us and are operating with clarity, focus and
speed. As I previously mentioned, we do expect Dollar Tree banner to return to its historical annual range
of 35% to 36% gross margin in fiscal 2022.

Before we go into Q&A, I would like to make a brief statement. We appreciate that many of you are
focused on the Form 13D filed by Mantle Ridge 2 Fridays ago. So we will make a short statement about
that, but we'll not entertain any questions on the topic. We believe Mantle Ridge has made a very smart
investment. As we said, Dollar Tree's Board of Directors and management team are always open to listen
to input and engaging with our shareholders, and we evaluate any ideas for constructive value creation
with the best interest of all shareholders and stakeholders in mind.

In keeping with our practice not to comment publicly on our private discussions with individual
investors, we will not take any questions regarding Mantle Ridge. We appreciate your understanding and
cooperation.
Operator, we are now ready to take questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So maybe first, the Dollar Tree banner. 2-year stacked comps back to mid-single digits in the third quarter,
November holding the momentum despite supply-side constraints still remaining. I guess, could you just
help speak to drivers of the stabilization? What's your confidence also in that 35% to 36% gross margin
for next year? Meaning, do we need a material reset in freight? Or is the driver of this the pricing change
across the fleet that you outlined today?

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Thanks for the question. I would say the main driver of that is, as Kevin said, inside that forecast for next
year, we are anticipating freight to pretty much look like it did this year. So the major change would be
the $1.25 price point as the key enabler to mitigate that. And it's also going to give us the opportunity to
bring in new items and a new assortment that will drive traffic in Dollar Tree and -- that will help offset
where we've lost traffic this year historically.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then, Mike, as a follow-up on Family Dollar, what do you believe the concept takes from this
pandemic? Meaning, are you seeing new customers? What initiatives do you have to retain some of the
new footsteps that you're seeing? And on the -- as we think about kind of where we go from here, what
do you think the sustainable comp for the Family Dollar concept multiyear is from here as we exit the
pandemic?

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Matt. So on the Family Dollar side, we believe that based on the fundamental changes our
merchants have made in our price points and in our assortment on discretionary side, along with the
continued growth we see on the consumables side, we believe that we will sustain our growth beyond the
pandemic as we exit it.

And it's evident in our 3 quarters in a row over a 9% 2-year stack of comp sales. And we're seeing our
customers really gravitate to our assortment. You heard us say our consumables side is comping well, and
they're buying more of the discretionary side as we get it in our stores. And we believe that long term, we
can sustain that low single-digit growth. And it's really evident in our Combo Stores and our H2 format.
So we're going to exceed our 1,250 H2 renovations, and we continue to see a 10% increase when we
renovate those stores.

But more importantly is that Combo Store, that bringing these 2 great companies together allow us to
drive a great format in rural America. And there's 3,000 towns that we've identified, and we're going
to grow that store count by more than 400. And as we shared on the last quarter, and I think we have
it posted on our website, our Combo Stores deliver 17% more than our pro forma than our new store
expected. They grow 23% more when we renovate them. And when we relocate them, it's a 40%
increase.

So those things are really driving not only top line, but our margin is stronger and it's translating into a
more productive store. So I think our initiatives -- I think the foundational things that we fixed at Family
Dollar and then with our key initiatives going forward will enable us to continue to grow single store comp.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from John Heinbockel with Guggenheim.

John Edward Heinbockel
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So Mike, let me start with -- you think the $1.25 price point will -- you said majority, but what do you
think that will apply to in terms of the assortment, number one?

And then number two, tied to that, I know you're getting a lift on price. Is there any way to -- what you've
seen on impact to volume on those items specifically and then also the store as a whole? Other than
they're down, you must have a sense of how much they're down.

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks. So on the majority of the stores will be at the $1.25 price point. Just like as today where
Dollar Tree has Everything's for $1, but there are categories in food, in candy bars up at the front register,
in our greeting cards and in some poster board where they're lower than $1. So if you can imagine,
everything is just bringing in reset in that same footprint at the $1.25, and then those categories and
items will be -- remain at the dollar price point.

So it's the majority of the footprint inside of our store. And we will share -- as we continue to roll this out,
we will share more details about the comp lift and the margin. But we see enough evidence that the comp
-- between the comp lift and the margin expansion will help mitigate this burden of freight that we're
experiencing this year and get us back to that historic 35% to 36% gross profit range.

John Edward Heinbockel
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

And then maybe just as a follow-up to that, how do you guys think about marketing the $1.25, right? You
want people to experience it naturally, right? I don't think you want to call attention to it duly. So is that
-- is basically just, I'll see it when I come in the store? Otherwise, you're not going to really do a lot of TV,
radio print around the strategy? Or how do you attack that?

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Historically, Dollar Tree did not do a lot of external marketing. Everything was in the store and the
excitement and the value of the product. And it's really driven because our assortment is always moving
and never flowing. So we want to talk more about the great value that we can bring at that $1.25 price
point, and they'll see that assortment that they see when they're in our store.

And our customers gave us -- they gave us credit for that when we did our customer research and
customer intercepts. They were telling us that even at the $1.25, there's still great value and they're going
to continue shopping here.

And then we could tell in some of the unit decline in some of the categories where our intuition we knew
that we needed to improve some of our assortment and value in certain categories. So our merchants
are working extremely hard at identifying those and getting those products flowing. And I would say new
products and new product mix will be flowing through certainly the first half of the year as they change
their mix and get everything aligned to the new $1.25 price point.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

So you in-tested Dollar Trees Plus! for a couple of years. You've been in planning process for the move
to $1.25 price points since the end of the summer. The move to the full rollout is faster than the move
to Dollar Tree Plus!. Obviously, you're seeing a lot of inflation. So this is probably pushing the issue. How
do you manage the risk that consumers are going to push back? They've become accustomed to expect
$1 price point, and so you're going to have to manage around the cannibalization. At the same time, you
do have a lot of going on into next year. How do you ensure that you're going to get consistency in your
execution as you're implementing more initiatives than you have had in quite some time?

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, the $1.25 is -- our team has been very focused to bring clarity to it. We've got a very detailed
plan for our operation teams. And the key to it is going and in cleansing the store. So we've got a team
that is -- are doing that. Then we come in and we clearly sign it, and we're putting signage throughout the
entire store so that customer understands the $1.25.

And then at the same time, our merchants are working hard today, and they have been working actually.
On their last buy trip, it was with the intent of the $1.25 price point. So our assortment is better than ever,
and we're so excited on the hard work that our merchant team is doing. In fact, they've already looked at
and reviewed over 7,000 of our core items. It's almost 7,500 of our core items. They put them on a table.
They've done a comp shop, so they bring in product from other competitors to make sure that at $1.25,
this product still has unbelievable value for our customers and it resonates well with them. And then the
ones that don't, we're working hard on and we're attacking, and we're bringing in those new items.

And then beside that, we're bringing in additional items that we had to discontinue in the past. So now
those items will be coming in. The customers responded to very favorably in the past, and we believe that
will drive traffic. And most of those items are in your consumable side of the business, where we've seen
softness over this year, where we've been limited to the $1 price point. We've lost some items. And we'll
be able to bring meaningful value at $1.25 in our frozen section and in our food section. So we're really
excited about our plan.

And then the -- in our Dollar Tree Plus!, the way we think about it, we -- that's sitting in about over 600
of our stores. And it's about 10% to 12% of the space in our stores, 200 linear feet. And the team is very
good at -- they've been delivering that all year. So next year, we are just going to deliver an expansion
of that, so just grow, same exact product assortment, different seasonal items, of course, but the same
categories, the same square footage that we've done to 600 stores this year. So it's something we've
already done. We already know what it takes to get it done. And our stores are executing it very well.
And our customers understand it in a store. It will be a $1.25 now, a $3 and $5 that's clearly marked, and
they're responding very, very well to the $3 and $5 items.

And then if you think about that's in 2022. And then in 2023 for our Dollar Tree Plus!, the growth will be
twofold. We will grow more store count, but then also our merchants next year, while we're rolling out the
same footprint to 1,500 stores next year, behind the scenes, at the same time, the merchants are going
to be working really hard at more categories, more assortment. Can you go from a 10% of your store to
20% of your store? What kind of items can we really bring in at that $3 and $5 that will really drive more
business to the stores?

So our lift is 6%, as we've -- and it's still hovering around at 6%. We think it can be more as we grow this
going forward. So the $1.25, we got a great answer on. We're going to go with clarity and focus and speed
from a marketing in-store execution, and then our merchants are working hard at analyzing every item to
make sure it's got that great value. And then we're going to grow the Dollar Tree Plus! as we did the 600
stores with focus.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Understood. My follow-up question is on your expectation to get to a 35% to 36% gross margin in your
Dollar Tree business banner next year. It seems like that will drive a mid-teen increase at least in your

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

gross profit dollars. So based on that, what type of EBIT improvement would you be looking for because
you're probably going to see significant fixed cost leverage? And if you're going to roll out $1.25 price
point and the freight pressure potentially rolls over, would you actually let your gross profit margin for the
Dollar Tree banner rise above 36%, if all of this comes together at the same time? Or would you look to
reinvest the upside back into the business?

Kevin S. Wampler
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Michael, I think the way we think about it, obviously, is we are investing back into that product. We're
always going to live by the rule that we've -- was the mainstay of Dollar Tree, which is the product has to
be an unbelievable value in the marketplace. And that's what the company was built upon, and that's what
it will continue to be built upon, just the price point has changed.

So to your question about the margin, obviously, it's a little early at this point to talk about next year. And
obviously, we'll have a lot more information to share when we talk again on March 3 for end of the year,
and we'll be able to give a better direction. A lot of moving pieces right now. We want to make sure we
capture them all and give everybody the true picture of all those moving pieces. But we do obviously see a
clear path to the 35% to 36% margin -- gross margin for Dollar Tree next year. So I think that's the most
important thing that we can give you today, obviously, with more details to come as to all those moving
pieces.

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And I'd just reiterate with the unlocking and moving to the $1.25 gives us the flexibility that we need
to be able to manage and mitigate the high cost of, as you saw, 400 basis points in margin at Dollar Tree,
and at the same time, really bring more value, greater items and a better assortment that will drive traffic
and top line sales for our customers that they're so used to a Dollar Tree.

So as Kevin stated, we're going to be more focused on getting the assortment right and driving traffic and
long-term growth, and we can do that and confidently think we can get to the 35% to 36% range.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Edward Kelly with Wells Fargo.

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the testing process on the $1.25 price point so far.
The initial release that you put out had $1.25 and $1.50 in the release. I was curious as to what that
was about. When you did the test, were all of the tests just taking most of the assortment to $1.25 or
there's some variation there? And then could you help us understand what the impact of elasticity is on
the volumes are looking like?

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks. So we -- yes, we closely monitored it. The majority of the stores are at the $1.25, and that's
what our focus is because that's really the price that we need to really bring great value and a meaningful
differentiation in our assortment in the consumable side of the business that will drive traffic. So we
are very focused on that. And we've been watching the sensitivity and the sales and the units and the
response from the customer every week in every store and every market. And as we shared, that's been
consistent across stores and markets.

And where we see the unit decline, it's where we expected it to be, and that's where the merchants are
working really, really hard bringing in that new assortment. And that new assortment will be layering in,
as I said, over time. So it's going to be over the next 6 months to bring in the assortment on those side to
drive the traffic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

And then while we are working the results of the stores and monitoring units and margin and comp, at the
same time, we were doing in-depth consumer research and listening to our customers and doing customer
intercepts and one-on-one surveys with the customers and hearing their response. And they have a lot
of trust in Dollar Tree, and they believe that at $1.25, it's still going to be an undeniable value because of
what they're seeing out in the marketplace. And they know that Dollar Tree hasn't raised its price in 35
years, so they've given us credit. And now that we -- our buyers are going to take that trust and make
sure they deliver undeniable and a great assortment at that new price point. And we'll monitor that as we
do our -- as we did at $1 and help drive the business, bring new items in, discontinue items and manage
the business accordingly.

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And just a quick follow-up on that. How powerful is it to be able to bring items back you've discontinued
over time or to be able to introduce new items? And then just getting back to the $1.50 because it was
in your prior release, is that a price point that might make sense as you start introducing new items next
year?

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Well, right now, we can bring in very meaningful items that we discontinued at $1.25. And they are on the
food and consumable side where you get a repeat customer and more frequency, so it's important to us.

And when we announced, we just wanted to have -- we had flexibility out there that we gave examples
of $1.25 and $1.50 and our $3 and $5. We didn't say specifically that we would use those. So right now,
we're -- we feel confident in the $1.25, the $3 and $5. And as we've said that on our Dollar Tree Plus!,
we're accelerating the 1,500. But by 2024, we'll have 5,000 stores that will be at $1.25, $3 and $5 that
will be able to deliver a meaningful assortment. And it gives us the flexibility that we need to manage and
mitigate these costs and deliver great products and drive our business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs.

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just a question with regards to any kind of activity you saw from more inflationary headwinds and
customers trading down and how you anticipate that to look in the fourth quarter relative to what you saw
in the third quarter.

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, definitely, the customers are feeling the inflation. It's twofold right now. I mean our customers
are benefiting from child tax credit stimulus. In October, they had a huge increase of SNAP benefits,
and they're experiencing increase in hourly wages that you're seeing across the industry. So I think our
customers are in a pretty good position, but they are also feeling a lot of pressure on other costs, the gas
and fuel prices and energy for their homes.

So I think right now, more than ever, they are going to be relying on great value. And that's why I think
Dollar Tree and Family Dollar are in a great position to be able to offer that to them in 15,000 locations
that are conveniently located.

As far as trading down, we're still not seeing a lot of trade down. There's not a lot of promotion out there
in national brands. Private brands are about as steady as they were throughout the first half of the year.
So it's -- we haven't seen a big shift right now from the customer.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Our next question comes from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Bradley Bingham Thomas
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to ask about labor a little bit more and hoping, Mike, you could talk a little bit about how
you're dealing with getting good people now and any seasonal staff you've brought on board. And then
just to continue to talk about the Dollar Tree side of the business, how you all are planning for some of
that incremental complexity as you roll out the $1.25 price point from a labor perspective.

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Brad. So yes, there are still pressures, and it's market-driven both in our distribution centers.
We've had to increase our hourly wages in our DCs and have done so, and that's embedded in our fourth
quarter outlook, and we've made movements there. And I'd say we're seeing the same thing in our stores
in markets we followed where we had to, to increase our labor rates to attract associates in our stores.

And as you've seen across retail, people are still sitting on the sidelines and not working. So we are
working hard at driving benefits, and we're raising our hourly wage where we need to and being a
convenient place to work through other things of -- having their schedule on their phones, having a
program called DailyPay, where they can get their pay. They don't have to wait for their paycheck, and our
associates are liking that a lot, and there's a high use of that. So we're doing a lot of things to attract the
hourly work out there in our stores to operate our stores effectively. But yes, it still is a tough environment
out there.

And we have seen a little bit of a slip in our store manager turnover where last year during the pandemic,
we hit our lowest turnover ever in store manager. And now there's -- I think there's a little bit of fatigue
and it's creeped up a little bit on us, but our teams are working hard at filling those roles and attracting
the talent we need.

Regarding managing the $1.25, there is -- as Kevin said, in our fourth quarter, there will be onetime costs
of cleansing the store and then remarketing and resigning the store. But once that is set aside, it's really
running the same play. They unload the truck, they put it up on the shelf. It's clearly marked already. So
there really isn't any additional labor hours needed.

And then on our Dollar Tree Plus!, as we've rolled that out to 600 stores, we have not had to add any
additional labor in those stores because the majority of those products are coming in pre-priced, the
sections in the store are clearly marked $3 and $5 items, and now they'll be $1.25, $3 and $5. So there
really isn't any additional labor needed in those stores either.

Operator

Our next question comes from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.

Michael Efram Kessler
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Michael Kessler on for Simeon. I wanted to ask, not to beat a broken drum here with the price
point. If I could squeeze in one more. Curious, why not be more diverse with the price point? It sounds
like you're really sticking to the $1.25. You could perhaps be even more precise with price points and
manage to different SKUs and categories. So I'm curious kind of what went into that decision process?
And am I interpreting, I guess, the strategy with the price point correctly in that regard?

And then bigger picture on that, is there an even longer-term vision of perhaps price points going up
across the store and then you have a separate initiative with Plus! at even higher price points and perhaps
even melding these initiatives together, expanding Plus! even more of the store? Just I guess the longer-
term vision would be interested to hear about as well.

Michael A. Witynski

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks for the question. So first of all, moving off the $1 price point gives us the flexibility to manage
our business and really drive the assortment that our customers are used to and bring value and simplicity
to them. So the reason we moved to the $1.25 is, it allows us to do all 3 of those things.

Our merchants are, I believe, the best in the industry, and they've been able to defend and get great
product at $1. And we know the type of product we can get at that $1.25, and we'll be able to bring in
exciting, great product that will drive the business and drive traffic into our stores and enable us to get
back to that 35% to 36% margin. And it gives us the flexibility to manage our business going forward.

And it really brings simplicity. Simplicity's still very important to us as it's a single price point, our
customers understand it and our shoppers, our customers and our associates understand it. So we'll
manage this going forward. I think at first, we're going to go to $1.25, and then we'll be carrying that
$1.25 into our Combo Stores as well. So our Combo Stores' baseline will be at $1.25 going forward, and
it will be wrapped around that Dollar Tree brand and then have the great products at the Family Dollar on
that side of the business as well. So moving off the $1 gives us the flexibility to make changes we need to,
going into the future.

Michael Efram Kessler
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Great. And a quick follow-up on traffic. I think you guys said it was down at both banners. I guess,
has that -- has it surprised you at all that we haven't seen more of a rebound in traffic relative to last
year? Is it of any concern or it's not because tripping of ticket is up basically more than offsetting the
traffic declines? And going forward, especially with higher price points at core Dollar Tree, is it -- would
it be a fair expectation that traffic could remain down but being more than offset by ticket, how you're
thinking about that?

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

We think traffic is going to come back at Dollar Tree. Keep in mind, as Kevin said, with our -- we still have
past dues that are 4.5x greater than what we normally have at Dollar Tree. So there is inventory that we
wish we had that would drive that excitement in sales and traffic inside our Dollar Tree.

And then we have had some items we've had to discontinue that would be traffic-driving that -- where
we were limited at the dollar price point. So we think looking forward, going to the $1.25, bringing in new
assortment and then once we move beyond this transitory freight logistics issues that we have, getting
that assortment that we want inside our store, the combination of those 2 things will get back to driving
traffic at our Dollar Tree format.

Operator

Our final question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Curious, as you bring back some of these discontinued items, do you expect the total SKU count to grow?
Or will those be replacing existing SKUs? And then separately, can you just talk about your average ticket
Dollar Tree and how consistent that has been over time? And as you move to this $1.25 price point, what
are your expectations for that average ticket?

Michael A. Witynski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. On the assortment, that's the beautiful thing about Dollar Trees, we do not have planograms. Our
merchants go out and get the very best product at the $1.25 price point. We surprise and delight our
customers. We bring different products in depending on the seasons, and the front end of our store

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

changes like the leaves on the tree. So we will continue to use that flexibility and drive the assortment we
need that will be meaningful to our customers and in the key categories that drive traffic and then where
they can celebrate their lives and live their lives and decorate their homes. So those are the -- that's how
we manage the business before, and that's how we'll manage it going forward.

And I'll let Kevin talk about the average ticket. But since the pandemic, our average ticket at Dollar Tree
has been elevated, and it's been consistently elevated throughout. And we think that this $1.25 will help
with that.

Kevin S. Wampler
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I think just as a point of reference, pre-pandemic, the Dollar Tree price point has hovered right
around that $8.50 range. And since the pandemic, it's been closer to the $10 mark. I think as we go
forward with the $1.25 price point, I think it will remain elevated. So the question has always been, as
traffic returned, would we see the average ticket come down? And to this point, we haven't really seen
that aspect. But -- so overall, I think, in general, that the price -- the average ticket will remain elevated
as we go forward.

Operator

This concludes today's Q&A. I would now like to turn the call back over to Randy Guiler for closing
remarks.

Randy Guiler
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Katie, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Our next earnings conference call to discuss
Q4 and year-end results is tentatively scheduled for Wednesday March 2, 2022. Thank you and have a
good day.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DOLLAR TREE, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

