Domino's Pizza, Inc. NYSE:DPZ
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 23, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.35

Revenue  (mm)

870.09

3.07

873.10

30.64

0.35

2.15

10.27

11.71

849.83

3847.76

4084.52

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-23-2020 2:53 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.03

2.08

2.97

2.35

2.19

2.05

3.13

3.07

7.88 %

(1.44 %)

5.39 %

30.64 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeffrey D. Lawrence
Executive VP & CFO

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Alexander Russell Slagle
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

John William Ivankoe
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Alton Kemp Stump
Longbow Research LLC

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Brian John Bittner
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Katherine Irene Fogertey
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Matthew James DiFrisco
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Nerses Setyan
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Gregory Ryan Francfort
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

James Paul Rutherford
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Domino's Pizza First Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff
Lawrence, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.

Jeffrey D. Lawrence
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Sonia, and hello, everyone. This is Jeff Lawrence, Chief Financial Officer of Domino's Pizza. Thank
you for joining the call today about the results of our first quarter of 2020.

Given the unique circumstances created by the COVID-19 crisis throughout the world, in addition to
discussing our first quarter results, we are also going to share with you some preliminary estimated
results of the first few weeks of the second quarter. As you know, this call is primarily for our investor
audience, so I kindly ask that all members of the media and others be in a listen-only mode throughout
the call.

If forward-looking statements are made today, I refer you to the safe harbor statement you can find in
this morning's release and the 10-Q.

We will start with comments from Chief Executive Officer, Ritch Allison, followed by an update from me.
Then, we'll go back to Ritch for closing remarks before taking analyst questions. [Operator Instructions]

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ritch.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jeff, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. Given the extraordinary circumstances,
we are going to take a different approach to the call this morning. I'm going to speak first to share some
perspective on the business and how we're responding to the COVID-19 crisis, both here in the U.S. and
around the world. I'll then talk about some of the investments that we're making in our team members
and in the communities that we serve. I'll then hand it over to Jeff, who will walk you through the details
around our Q1 performance, and Jeff will also share some preliminary estimated results from the first few
weeks of our second quarter. I'll then come back to discuss some of the things that we're focused on as we
look forward to the remainder of 2020. And then following that, as we always do, we'll be happy to take
some of your questions.

So with that as a road map for our call this morning, let's get started. And I'll begin with some
perspectives on the business and how we're responding to this COVID-19 crisis. On the 30th of March,
we released a preliminary first quarter business update. We pride ourselves on being transparent with our
stakeholders, and we hope that information was helpful to you. So I won't spend much time on Q1 and
my comments this morning, as I've already shared some of my perspective on the quarter in that release.
The reality is that the world is changing very rapidly and we are much more focused on the present and
on how we're going to continue to navigate this crisis going forward. The restaurant industry is facing an
existential crisis, and no one knows how many restaurants will survive or what form the industry will take
as this crisis eventually abates. We also don't know how consumer behaviors and purchasing patterns
may evolve during and then after this COVID-19 crisis. We were fortunate to enter the year and this crisis
in what we believe to be a very strong financial position, both at the brand and at the franchisee levels.
Our U.S. franchisees averaged an estimated $143,000 in EBITDA per store and over $1 million in average
EBITDA at the enterprise level in 2019. Both of those figures are increases over the 2018 levels.

Now we know that profit levels vary significantly across the country based on wage levels and a number of
other factors, but we're pleased that our franchisees remained healthy and strong throughout 2019.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Looking forward here into 2020, we know our business, along with our franchisees and stores, will face
new costs as we respond to COVID-19 with new service methods and a number of investments in items
such as masks, gloves and thermometers, both for corporate and franchisee team members. We are well
positioned as a brand with a delivery and carryout business model, and this has allowed us to continue
serving our customers and employing our team members in the sizable majority of our markets and our
stores around the world. As we manage through this challenge across the globe, I'm very proud as our
CEO to say that we are leading with our values. Our first 2 values at Domino's are: number one, do the
right thing; and second, put our people first. And for us, that means prioritizing the health and well-being
of store team members, franchisees and the communities that we serve.

During this extraordinary time, we take our responsibility for continuing to provide convenient, reliable
delivery and carryout experiences to the communities where those services have been deemed essential.
We take it very seriously. Fewer than 20 stores in our U.S. business are currently facing temporary
closures. All others remain open and are serving customers. Now with that said, our U.S. business
model has adapted to this new environment, and our standard operating procedures have changed
considerably over the last 2 months. And I say to folks here inside Domino's, we're a 60-year-old brand
that has rewritten most of our standard operating procedures in the last 6 weeks. We've moved to a
100% contactless delivery model across the country. We have made our contactless drive-up carryout
technology available to all U.S. stores. We have temporarily banned customers from sitting and eating
in our stores. We're asking our customers to practice social distancing when they visit us to pick up their
carryout orders. We have implemented social distancing protocols in our store and supply chain for our
team members there. And in addition to thermometers, we are supplying them with masks and gloves to
protect our teams and our customers.

At Domino's, food safety and cleanliness have always been top priorities, but recently we've devoted
additional resources toward our efforts and our procedures there.

I'm incredibly proud of our U.S. franchisees. They continue to embrace change at an unprecedented rate.
But I'm also not surprised to see that they have elevated their commitment to safely serving their team
members and their communities. It is at times like these when our U.S. franchisees truly shine brightest.

All of our U.S. supply chain centers also remain open and are fully operational. Through the remarkable
efforts of our supply chain team, we successfully opened our newest supply chain center in Columbia,
South Carolina on March 29. We're working very closely with our suppliers to maintain a safe and stable
flow of product into our stores. I'm so proud of our supply chain team. They've done just a tremendous
job of continuing our core operations while also responding to this crisis in new ways. They put significant
effort into sourcing masks, gloves, thermometers, contactless delivery supplies and cleaning supplies at a
time when these items are under just incredible demand pressures.

In an effort to provide ongoing transparency to you in the midst of this crisis, this morning, we released
our preliminary estimated U.S. sales results for the first 4 weeks of the second quarter. Sales have
improved relative to the last 2 periods of the first quarter, as detailed in our March 30 business update.
And Jeff is going to share more details around this later this morning in our call.

We continue to observe and analyze the rapidly changing trends in consumer purchasing behavior. Across
delivery and carryout service methods, dayparts, days of the week, the U.S. will continue to be impacted
by many factors, such as shelter-in-place orders, business and school closings and event cancellations,
which vary in magnitude across the cities and towns in the U.S. that we serve.

Across our international business, the unique circumstances in a number of markets have necessitated
the temporary closing of stores. And in some cases, entire markets have temporarily closed for varying
periods of time. We continue to stay in contact with the master franchisees operating these affected
markets and stores. Some have already reopened, and we look forward to them reopening the remainder
of their stores as soon as possible.

At our peak, we had almost 2,400 international stores closed. And as of April 21, that number was
approximately 1,750. This morning, we also released our preliminary estimated international sales results
for the first 3 weeks of the second quarter. The sales impacts stemming from COVID-19 varies quite

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

dramatically across our international markets. In some markets where we have significant service method
and operating hour restrictions, we have seen major declines in same-store sales. In other markets, we've
seen strong recovery and steady gains in same-store sales over the recent weeks. China was our first
market to be significantly impacted by COVID-19, and we are pleased to see our sales there recover and
accelerate in the last few weeks of the first quarter and to remain strong early in Q2. I'm very proud
of our international master franchisees and their resiliency as they manage through this crisis in their
markets around the world. I'm also grateful for the best practice sharing and rapid adoption of new ideas
across the globe. Much of what we're doing today right here in the U.S. has been informed and inspired by
our international markets that found themselves on the forefront on the front end of this crisis.

I'm going to turn our attention now to some of the investments that we're making in our teams and in
our communities. Throughout this uncertain time, we are committed to supporting our teams and the
communities we serve. In our corporate stores and supply chain centers, we are investing heavily in our
teams during this crisis. We have committed to pay additional bonuses to our corporate store and supply
chain hourly team members over a 10-week period from mid-March through at least the last pay period
in May. We're also providing enhanced sick pay benefits to our hourly corporate store and supply chain
team members through at least the remainder of the year. At Domino's, we don't want anyone to have to
choose between their health and their paycheck.

Now most of you probably are not familiar with the Domino's Pizza Partners foundation. It's a registered
501(c)(3) that was established to help Domino's team members in need during a time of crisis. Its mission
is summed up in the phrase: team members, helping team members. And its primary source of funding
is through payroll deduction from corporate and franchisee employees. I'm very proud to say that our
company is making a significant donation to the Partners Foundation to help team members at this
particular time of need across the globe.

We're grateful as a brand that we're in a position to be able to make these investments, and we are very
proud of our independent franchise business owners, many of whom are making similar investments in
their team members.

Our supply chain centers, corporate stores and franchisees are also hiring and have been looking to
add more than 10,000 employees across the U.S. With so many Americans newly unemployed, we feel
privileged to be in a position to offer employment and a career opportunity within the Domino's Pizza
system. We're also committed to supporting the communities around the U.S. where we live and work.
We recently launched our feed the need program. This is in partnership with our franchisees to provide
10 million slices of pizza across the U.S. We're making a significant investment as a brand by supplying
the food for this program, while our franchisees and corporate stores are being generous in providing the
labor.

We've empowered our franchisees and stores across the country to identify the needs specific in their
communities. In some places, it's school children who are no longer receiving free or reduced lunch, in
others it's hospital workers and first responders. In some places, it's essential workers in grocery and
retail and many other areas.

This isn't new because Domino's has always given back in times of crisis. This isn't an exception. While
these are some highlights from the U.S., I would be remiss this morning if I didn't also thank our
international master franchisees, many of whom are doing similar things in their markets. From the
U.K. to India to Australia and really all over the world, the Domino's system is stepping up to support
our communities. As a system, we are happy to make these investments in both our teams and our
communities, and we'll continue to search for ways to invest and to feed the need during this crisis. These
investments are expected to be material during the second quarter. Jeff will comment on the financial
impact of these investments in just a moment, and we will provide more detail to you during our next
earnings cycle in July.

So with that, I'm going to hand it over to Jeff, who will walk you through the highlights of the first quarter
and some preliminary estimated results from the first 2 weeks of -- few weeks, excuse me, of Q2. And
then after that, I'll come back and share a few more thoughts with you before we move to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

So Jeff, over to you.

Jeffrey D. Lawrence
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Ritch, and good morning, again, everyone. I'll cover off the first quarter financial results as
well as provide a brief preliminary financial update for the business for the first few weeks of the second
quarter.

Starting with the first quarter results, we continue to lead the broader restaurant industry with 36 straight
quarters of positive U.S. comparable sales and 105 consecutive quarters of positive international comps.
We also continue to increase our global store count as we opened 178 gross new stores and 69 net new
stores in Q1. This net store growth number includes the closure of the 71 stores comprising our South
Africa market during the quarter that was unrelated to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our diluted EPS in Q1
was $3.07, an increase of 39.5% over the prior year quarter, primarily resulting from a significantly lower
effective tax rate and strong operational results.

With that, let's take a closer look at the financial results for Q1. Global retail sales grew 4.4% as compared
to the prior year quarter, pressured by a stronger dollar. When excluding the negative impact of foreign
currency, global retail sales grew by 5.9%. This global retail sales growth was driven by both an increase
in the average number of stores opened during the quarter and higher same-store sales. Same-store sales
for the U.S. grew 1.6%, lapping a prior year increase of 3.9%. And same-store sales for our international
business grew 1.5%, rolling over a prior year increase of 1.8%.

Breaking down the U.S. comp, our franchise business was up 1.5%, while our company-owned stores were
up 3.9%. The U.S. comp this quarter was driven by ticket growth. We continued to see robust growth in
our carryout business, while our delivery comp for Q1 was slightly negative, consistent with previously
discussed market dynamics. Our international comp for the quarter was driven entirely by order growth.
We estimate that the international comp for the quarter was negatively impacted by approximately 1 point
to 1.5 points by the COVID-19 pandemic.

On the unit count front, we opened 30 net U.S. stores in the first quarter, consisting of 35 store openings,
and just 5 closures. Our international division added 39 net new stores during Q1, comprised of 143 store
openings and 104 closures, including the closure of the 71 stores comprising our South Africa market.

Turning to revenues. Total revenues for the first quarter were up 4.4% from the prior year, driven
primarily by high global retail sales, which drove higher supply chain and global franchise revenues. These
increases were partially offset by lower company-owned store revenues, resulting from the New York store
sale in Q2 of 2019. International royalty revenues were pressured by $1.4 million during the quarter by
foreign currency exchange rates.

Moving now to operating margin. As a percentage of revenues, consolidated operating margin for the
quarter increased to 39% from 38.6% in the prior year quarter and was positively impacted by the New
York store sale and higher revenues from our global franchise business. Supply chain and company-owned
store operating margin percentages were relatively similar year-over-year.

G&A expenses decreased approximately $1 million as compared to the prior year quarter. We continue
to see the benefit of improved discipline and focus in this important area while continuing to invest in
strategic initiatives throughout our business.

Our reported effective tax rate was negative 3.7% for the quarter, down 18.8 percentage points from the
prior year quarter. The reported effective tax rate in the quarter included a 26 percentage point positive
impact from tax benefits on equity-based compensation. We do expect to see continued volatility in our
effective tax rate related to these tax benefits.

When you add it all up, our first quarter net income was up $29 million, or 31.2% over the prior year
quarter. Our first quarter diluted EPS was $3.07 versus $2.20 in the prior year, which was a 39.5%
increase.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Here is how that $0.87 increase breaks down for the quarter. Our lower effective tax rate, resulting
primarily from higher tax benefits on equity-based compensation, positively impacted us by $0.58. Lower
diluted share count, resulting primarily from share repurchases over the past 12 months, benefited us
by $0.14. Higher net interest expense, resulting primarily from higher average debt balances, negatively
impacted us by $0.08. And most importantly, our improved operating results benefited us by $0.23.

Now turning to cash. During the first quarter, we generated net cash provided by operating activities of
more than $95 million. After deducting for CapEx, we generated free cash flow of almost $78 million,
which was pressured by normal balance sheet movement. During the first quarter, we repurchased and
retired approximately 271,000 shares for $80 million or about $294 per share on average. It's important
to note that these repurchases were made during the first week of the first quarter. All in all, a good
quarter for the business in Q1.

As we now move away from our Q1 financial discussions, I'd like to remind folks that we did issue a
business update on March 30, which contained preliminary estimates of selected Q1 information including
comps, store growth and global retail sales information. We also informed the market that due to the
uncertainty surrounding the global economy and our business operations considering COVID-19, we
withdrew our 2020 guidance measures related to G&A, CapEx, store food basket pricing and the impact of
foreign currency and royalty revenues. We also announced that as a precautionary measure, we borrowed
the remaining funds available to us under our outstanding variable funding notes to further strengthen our
already strong financial position.

I'd like to now switch gears and give a financial update on the business for the first few weeks of the
second quarter for which we have available results. This information contains preliminary unaudited
estimates and is being provided to assist our stakeholders with a high-level understanding of how the
business is performing during these extraordinary times.

In the U.S. business, comps were up 7.1% during the first 4 weeks of Q2. U.S. retail sales were up 10.7%
over the same time period. Sales trended up significantly over this 4-week period.

As it relates to U.S. customer behavior during this crisis, this is what we are generally seeing thus far.
Delivery and carryout mix are holding relatively steady on average. Weekday sales have been significantly
up, while weekends have generally been more pressured. Lunch and dinner dayparts are up, while late
night had been more pressured. And we are seeing larger order sizes throughout the week.

Again, these are initial observations regarding consumer behavior, and we may experience volatility in our
sales going forward as a result of this dynamic environment.

In our international business, comps were down 3.2% during the first 3 weeks of Q2. Important to note
here that we are only reporting 3 weeks of international sales information due to the normal reporting lag
in that business.

To be very clear, the international same-store sales comp for the last 2 weeks of Q1 and the first 3 weeks
of Q2 was negatively impacted by COVID-19. The negative impact primarily occurred from stores that
had sales in a week but were limited due to a service restriction, carryout and/or delivery and in some
markets, even dine-in restrictions, a part of the week temporary closure and/or a change in store hours. If
a store was closed the entire week and had 0 sales for that week, however, it is not included in same-store
sales definition or results.

Moving on to retail sales for international. Retail sales, excluding FX, were down 13.2% over the same
time period, reflecting the many stores internationally that have been temporarily closed or have some
other operating restriction impacting sales.

Turning now to our franchise partners. We have not provided widespread economic relief to our
franchisees globally. While we acknowledge that this could change depending on the time period that this
crisis persists and its overall impact on our results, we attribute our current situation to the underlying
strength of our business model and the overall economics that our franchise partners have earned
alongside of us over the past many years. The strength and resiliency of the Domino's brand has never
been more evident.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

As Ritch discussed earlier, we are making significant investments in our team members and our
communities during this time of crisis, including frontline bonuses, enhanced sick pay policies, community
giving and partnership with our franchisees and investments in supplies, such as face coverings and
gloves. We anticipate pressure on our Q2 earnings related to these investments of approximately $15
million. Based on trends we've seen to date, we also anticipate pressure on our Q2 earnings of an
additional approximately $5 million related to lost revenues from our international franchise stores due to
those temporary store closures. These are current estimates and they're preliminary and could very likely
change.

We would also be remiss if we didn't comment on what we're seeing in the FX markets. If FX rates hold for
the remainder of the year, we believe it could be a substantial headwind to 2020 cash flows and earnings
of approximately $10 million. This current estimate is preliminary and could very likely change as foreign
currency rates continue to fluctuate.

Shifting now to cash and liquidity matters. We currently have more than $325 million in available cash and
we note that our ongoing operations have provided positive net cash flow to the business during this crisis
so far. Out of an abundance of caution, we have not repaid amounts on our variable funding notes and
that cash is included in the available cash balance I just mentioned.

We continue to invest in our strategic initiatives and we paid our shareholders our previously declared
dividend on March 30. Additionally, earlier this week, our Board of Directors declared a $0.78 per share
dividend to be paid on June 30.

Separately, we have not repurchased any shares under our authorized share repurchase program since
the first week of January. As a reminder, we currently have $327 million remaining under our Board
authorization for future repurchases.

In closing, we remain in good shape financially, and we will continue to closely monitor all aspects of
our business as we operate in these uncertain times. We will continue to focus on doing the right thing
for our team members and our communities today, while ensuring that we not only survive but are best
positioned to thrive coming out of this crisis tomorrow.

Thank you again for joining the call today, and I'll turn it back over to Ritch.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Jeff. I would now like to turn everyone's attention to our focus looking forward.

Across the globe, Domino's will remain steadfastly focused on the health and safety of our franchisees,
team members and our customers. That is always priority one. We'll also remain focused on execution,
service and value as we continue to navigate through these headwinds created by COVID-19. 2020 will
continue to bring more uncertainty to the restaurant industry than any of us have ever experienced. And
we do not have clear visibility into the duration and magnitude of the impact of this pandemic on our
industry or our business and continue to assess each on an ongoing basis. We do expect that the sales
impact will continue to vary greatly across the cities and communities in the U.S. and in our 90 markets
around the world.

Given general economic conditions, along with uncertain timing of the infection curve, the shelter-in-place
orders, business interruptions, school and university closings and so many other factors make forecasting
sales more difficult than ever. We do expect to see a significant impact on our store openings this year as
construction and municipal permitting have slowed down dramatically during the crisis. We should have
better visibility around unit growth in the months ahead.

So given all of this, as noted in this morning's release, we are withdrawing our 2- to 3-year outlook for
global retail sales growth, U.S. same-store sales growth, international same-store sales growth and global
net unit growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

I want to be clear, do not mistake that as a lack of optimism about the Domino's brand and our business
looking forward. I remain very optimistic about the long-term growth and success of our brand. There is
just too much uncertainty in the current operating and economic environment for us to provide an outlook
at this time.

In this uncertain environment, you can rest assured that we are carefully managing our balance sheet,
cash flow and all areas of the business to ensure that we are doing what we believe will help us best
manage through the near term and, as always, position ourselves for long-term success. We are
committed as a brand and as a system to managing through COVID-19 and to emerging even stronger in
the future.

I have extraordinary confidence in our franchisees and in our teams around the world. There is simply no
group of people that I would rather stand beside than the approximately 350,000 individuals that wear the
Domino's logo. I am proud and I am grateful to serve them each and every day.
And now Jeff and I will be happy to take some of your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Bittner of Oppenheimer & Co.

Brian John Bittner
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I know that there's a lot of moving pieces when we look at short windows on your comps. But your trends
to start 2Q have clearly seen this measurable improvement versus 1Q. And I appreciate the color that
you gave, Jeff, in your prepared remarks on what you're seeing from a daypart perspective, et cetera. But
can you unpack this recent improvement just a little more for us? What do you think has clearly changed
recently that's driving the positive impact on your business? I know the underlying restaurant industry has
gotten a little better in the last several weeks, but I just wouldn't expect that to be a huge factor for you
guys. So any additional color like maybe stimulus impacts or anything else that you can provide on recent
trends would be helpful.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Brian, it's Ritch. Thanks for the question. I think there are several things that we're seeing in recent
weeks. And again, it is a very dynamic situation that we're all living in. But certainly, I think some of
the improvement results from the fact that there was a lot of pantry loading that consumers did as the
pandemic really first started to come to the U.S. And I think as we've seen in some of our Asian markets
in particular, that we're more on the front end of this. As time goes forward, people start to get a bit tired
of cooking and eating the same thing. Some of the pantry loading that they've done, it starts to bleed
down a bit over time. I also think we, and I suspect the rest of the industry, probably are seeing some
near-term impacts here from some of the stimulus dollars that have gone out. So there are some factors
that I would characterize as being more outside of our control.

But then I think that there -- I think there are some things that are inside of our control. And if you've
taken a look at what we've done as a brand over the course of the last 3 or 4 weeks, we have pivoted very
quickly to implement contactless delivery and carryout procedures across our system to protect our team
members and also to give our customers confidence in the experience that they will have with us. We've
pivoted our advertising quite significantly to focus on those important queues, which are very important to
customers right now to have a safe and pleasurable food experience for their families.

So Brian, I think a combination of some factors outside of our control, but I think also some things that
we're doing here at Domino's as well.

Operator

And our next question comes from Matt DiFrisco of Guggenheim.

Matthew James DiFrisco
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Jeff, can you speak a little bit about those charges, I guess, or the $15 million and the $5 million? I just
want to understand how you're coming about with those. The math would suggest about 1,700 stores or
so is closer to 15%, but you're lower than 10% on that sales hit. So is it correct to assume that you're
expecting these to continue to open and not be closed for the full quarter in that estimation? And then also
the $15 million, I guess, can you just sort of bracket that? Is the -- I want to better understand that in the
new normal that these costs wouldn't necessarily be an ongoing quarterly charge that is mostly frontline
stuff and the bonuses, not necessarily new investments that are required in what maybe investors might
perceive as a new normal.

Jeffrey D. Lawrence

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Matt. I hope you're well and appreciate the question. The first thing I would just caution
everyone on is we don't know what the new normal is going to be. The information that we've shared with
you today is -- it's preliminary, it's estimated. And it's the best that we can give you right now, but we
wanted to give you our best shot at what we're seeing kind of live. So I'll break it down in kind of the 3 big
buckets that I talked about during my prepared remarks.

The biggest bucket that we expect, again, we don't know yet, we're only 4 weeks into a 12-week quarter
here, so there's a lot still to happen in an uncertain environment, is the $15 million related to doing the
right thing for the safety and well-being of our team members, our customers and our communities. This
is the 10 million slices of pizza, this is masks and gloves, this is bonus pay for our frontline team members
in our stores and in our supply chain centers and it's just stuff that we're proud to be able to do, and it's
going to have a pretty significant impact. And we're okay with that. It's the right thing to do.

I then kind of get into the next bucket, which is the international business has been clearly impacted more
on the whole than our singular market of the U.S. business, right? It's an average. There are 90 markets
there. There are lots of different things going on. But as we look at the first 4 weeks in the quarter,
quarter 2, and knowing that we have again, 8 weeks to go, our best guess is that we're going to take a
haircut of about $5 million in royalties. It could be higher. It could be lower. It's preliminary. But it's super
dynamic, and that's what we're seeing today.

The last thing, we could argue it's COVID related or maybe indirectly COVID related, but it's just the
impact of FX. And that one, I gave you at least a preliminary view for the whole year, $10 million kind
of year-over-year of a bad guy there. Again, preliminary estimated. Don't know if that's going to be the
number.

But when you add all 3 of those up, it's -- as we look today, it's a $30 million headwind. Some of it within
our control, and we're proud to do. Some of it kind of happening to us. So that's the best we can give
you right now. We'll continue to assess whether we give any additional business updates between now
and July. We're not promising anything today. But for sure, you'll hear more detail from us in July. And by
then, I'll tell you, and Ritch will tell you exactly what happened for the 4, 12 weeks of Q2.

Operator

And our next question comes from Chris O'Cull of Stifel.

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Ritch, does the company still plan to launch a new product in 2020? And if so, has the timing changed at
all?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Chris, thanks for the question. Yes, we are still planning to launch a new product in 2020 and still
anticipating to do that in the summertime. Obviously, managing through a different operating environment
today as we work to make that happen, but we are still targeting summer for that launch.

Operator

And our next question comes from Sara Senatore of Bernstein.

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I wanted to follow up on the business patterns you were seeing in the stronger weekday versus weekend.
I guess my interpretation is that you're benefiting on the weekdays from people being at home more, but
maybe weekends, perhaps lower incomes are something of a headwind to spend. So I was just hoping you
could help me contextualize this, whether it's -- if you're seeing anything across different income cohorts

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

or maybe talk about in the past, the resilience of your category to when income's slow. It's a little tricky
because I know you're in the midst of a turnaround back in '09. But I'm just trying to understand to parse
out, what role is sort of lower income playing versus more of the sort of stay-at-home shelter in place?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sara, it's Ritch. Thanks for the question. We are still assessing this literally day-by-day as these patterns
continue to evolve quite rapidly. And Jeff highlighted some of them. Higher sales growth during the week
than on the weekends. And I think a lot of that is driven by the fact that there are more families at home
during the week eating together. And then on -- by daypart, our late-night business is down significantly,
while lunch and dinner are much better. And there just aren't evening gatherings of people or sporting
events to watch and things like that. So certainly, those are having some impact.

We haven't seen any discernible patterns across income categories, as you asked. But interestingly
enough, order sizes are up significantly. And I think that's because more people are at home eating
together. But also we're finding, at Domino's, and I think some of our peers in the restaurant industry are
finding, people are ordering extra food for -- to have leftovers around also, which is a really interesting
dynamic in the market today. But it's really early, Sara. And one of the things about this COVID-19
phenomenon is, at least for a period of time, it's -- I think it's upending a lot of the patterns that we have
historically seen in our business and broadly across the restaurant industry. So we are watching it every
day, every minute of every day and responding and adapting as we go.

Operator

And our next question comes from Alex Slagle of Jefferies.

Alexander Russell Slagle
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Want to get your perspective on the operations in the restaurants and discuss any potential issues with
delays in delivery times or longer carryout turnaround times and inventory management, stuff like that, as
demand has likely been a bit less predictable and more volatile.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I'm really proud, Alex, of our corporate stores and our franchisees, who, I think, have just done a
tremendous job with their operations and responding to this crisis. As I mentioned earlier in my prepared
remarks, we've taken 60 years' worth of standard operating procedures, and we've had to rewrite a
good many of them in just the last 6 weeks around contactless delivery and carryout, no sitting down
and dining in our stores. Our drive-up carryout feature, which we've now been rolling out aggressively
across the country. And our franchisees and corporate stores have responded and done a terrific job. Even
despite the more recent increases in sales, they've done a very good job of continuing to provide high
levels of safe and responsive service out there to our customers.

Operator

And the next question comes from Nick Setyan of Wedbush Securities.

Nerses Setyan
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

You guys talked about, obviously, the near-term impact on unit openings. But could you maybe comment
on the pipeline? And medium to longer term, what some of the chaos across the industry means for
the domestic unit growth rates, where you're starting to hear much more favorable terms, better site
selection? And could that potentially mean a higher unit growth rate, especially domestically in the
medium to longer term for you guys?

Richard E. Allison

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. Nick, so on unit growth here in the U.S., near term, it really is all about just a slowdown in
construction and permitting in terms of the near-term slowdown in the openings. No fundamental changes
as we look out over the medium to long term in terms of the appetite of franchisees to open stores in the
U.S. Stores over the medium and long-term are going to open based on strong unit level economics as
they always have.

Certainly, we are taking a look, as we look out through the remainder of the year and into next and trying
to assess what incremental opportunities might be available because of some of the changing dynamics
in the real estate market and whether or not that means some sites are -- may become available that
weren't before or also some opportunities potentially around how we think about lease extensions and rent
opportunities going forward. It has been a pretty tight real estate market for a while now, and we don't
know exactly how much that's going to open up. But our guess is that it probably does open up a bit as we
look out in the medium to long term.

Operator

And our next question comes from Peter Saleh of BTIG.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Great. I just wanted to ask about the pizza, I guess, landscape right now as you guys see it. I know 50%
or so of the category is still run by many of the independents. And while you guys are the leaders and
you've been taking share. Are you seeing it anecdotally, at least, that you guys are seeing, any closures
in some of the markets or some pressure on independent? Do you feel like you're taking share? Or do
you feel like the pizza category, in general, is fairly healthy at this point and that the sales lift that you're
seeing is kind of being reflected across the entire category?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Pete, it is still really early to tell because we don't know -- when we take a look across the restaurant
landscape, there are a lot of restaurants out there that are not open right now. And we don't know how
many of those, honestly, are temporary and how many of those will turn into permanent closures. And I
tell you, I did a lot of independent restaurants out there. So I think the last thing any of us in the industry
want to see is a lot of independent restaurant closures.

We do here, at Domino's, we do believe that we're a pretty resilient brand in a time like this. I think the
positioning that we have as delivery and carryout player certainly helped us in the early part of this crisis,
and I think will continue to help us because I don't think consumers are going to snap right back to the old
patterns and behaviors. I think the capability that we're building in contactless delivery and contactless
carryout, I think, are going to continue to be important for many months to come when we think about
how this ultimately evolves. So as we think about the capabilities that we're putting in place today, it's not
just to be competitive in the next couple of months. It really is to set ourselves up in what may end up
being the new normal in our industry.

Operator

And our next question comes from Lauren Silberman of Crédit Suisse.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

To your point that you just made, do you expect contactless delivery will be something that will be
available permanently? And then does contactless delivery change the economics of the delivery
transaction or productivity and turnaround times at all?

Richard E. Allison

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

President, CEO & Director

So Lauren, right now, contactless delivery is the only type of delivery that we do in the U.S. We've actually
made it mandatory across the country. And I do think that even at a point, if we pull back on that and no
longer mandate it, we are still going to offer it to the customer because I think for some extended period
of time, there's going to be some portion of the customer base that is going to want that contactless
experience in delivery and/or in the carryout side of the business.

As it relates to the economics around contactless, we have -- we've just rolled out an innovation we call
the pizza pedestal, which is a pretty simple cardboard pedestal so that our delivery experts don't put your
pizza directly on the ground or on some other surface that we don't know if it's been cleaned or not. So
there are some minor costs associated with things like that.

In addition to the actual physical operation of contactless, I'm also incredibly proud of our technology and
innovation teams who have rapidly moved to bring that contactless experience to the customers' handheld
device or however they choose to order from us. And that includes some rapid innovation also to make
tipping of our delivery experts easier and more prominent in the ordering experience because the last
thing that we want to see come out of this is any of our delivery experts to see a decline in income as
customers move away from cash transactions and more toward digital and -- either credit or debit card
transactions.

Operator

And our next question comes from Gregory Francfort of Bank of America.

Gregory Ryan Francfort
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Ritch. Just, first of all, clarification. Did you say China is running positively in recent weeks? I wasn't clear
with, I guess, that description.

And then in the U.S., what -- are you seeing any differences regionally or urban versus suburban that are
standing out in terms of how customers are using the brand or sales trends?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Greg. So on China, we did see a pattern early on in the pandemic, where China sales were
pressured, but we have seen positive sales in China and improvements in the latter part of the first
quarter and in -- here into the early weeks of the second quarter. And I got to tell you, I am incredibly
proud of our team in China. Much of what we are doing across our 17,000 store footprint was based on
innovations around contactless delivery that our team in China brought forward. So really, really proud of,
not only their business performance, but also how they've contributed to our system.

And then in terms of regional differences, the answer is, yes, we've seen all kinds of differences. And it
really is based on how this pandemic has moved across the country with the pace of that movement and
the severity of its impact in different places. If you turn the news on, we all see that there are certain
places that have been significant hotspots for COVID-19. We've seen some places peak and start to level
out, while others ramp up. And most certainly, those have impacted some of the trends in our business
performance in those geographies. And it's still, as we sit here on the 23rd of April, it's still an evolving
situation in many of the communities that we serve.

There's also some very significant differences, as I'm sure you all are aware, just in terms of how states
and local municipalities have responded to the crisis and what restrictions they have put in place in terms
of what business can be conducted and what consumers -- customers can do in terms of travel and other
things in those states.

Operator

And our next question comes from David Tarantino of Baird.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I hope everyone's doing well. My question, Ritch, is on the international business, really kind of 2 parts
to it. First is related to how they're managing through or the ones that are seeing large or widespread
closures, how they're managing through this from a financial perspective. And do you see any signs of
strength or stress in the system related to that?

And then secondly, and relatedly, is just the outlook for unit growth internationally. With all the stress that
appears to be occurring in the system, do you think we will see a moderation for the time being as they
work through this?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Yes. David, on the first part of your question. I think going into this, we're really fortunate to be in a place
where we've got a significant amount of our international business that is managed by publicly traded
master franchisees who came into this crisis with very strong financial positions. So relative to perhaps
some other brands, strong ability to weather a crisis like this.

Now that said, most certainly, when -- in a country when you have to close all of your stores or close some
substantial number or even some places, as Jeff described, our stores are open, but with very limited
trading hours or very limited service methods, those do result in significant declines in retail sales for a
period of time.

Our master franchisees are doing all the things that you would expect them to do. They're prioritizing,
first and foremost, the safety of their team members and their customers, but they're also taking the
appropriate steps to manage cash appropriately and to manage -- make sure that they're being mindful
of the liquidity in their operations. They're also working really hard to get those stores reopened. And
we've already seen a couple of large international markets, Spain and France would be 2, where we were
completely closed for a period of time but have begun to reopen stores in each of those countries.

We're staying very actively in touch with those international master franchisees and talking with them
daily about their financial position. And we'll continue to do so as we work together through the course of
this crisis.

The second part of your question around unit growth, most certainly in the near term, we will see an
impact on unit growth. Much as I described in the U.S., where there are construction delays and there
are permitting delays, the same holds true in many of the international markets. And then certainly, in
some of those markets that have been under more pressure where we've had a significant number of
store closures or the entire market shuttered, certainly, that results in some near-term slowdown in-store
growth there. But over the long term, I come back to what I always talk about with you is that the unit
economics will ultimately drive the store growth over time. And as we come out of this COVID-19 crisis,
which I believe we will do with a very healthy brand around the world, my expectation is that we still
have a significant opportunity to grow our brand footprint across the globe. As you know, we've got a lot
of share growth opportunity outside the U.S., and we've got well-capitalized and well-managed master
franchisees who are going to be eager to get back after that as this subsides.

Operator

And our next question comes from James Rutherford of Stephens & Company.

James Paul Rutherford
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Just one for me. I'm curious, Jeff, if you can share how much of the U.S. sales mix, prior to COVID-19,
was related to large group orders for parties, events, meetings and the like? And I ask that because I'd
assumed those occasions have gone down dramatically, which makes the improvement in your other kinds
of orders more impressive to drive that 7% comp here in the first 4 weeks of the second quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Jeffrey D. Lawrence
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. James, thanks for the question. We're trying to be as transparent as we can and have given you guys
a peek into the consumer behavior at least during the first 4 weeks of Q2 here. But the insights aren't
any more fancy than kind of we laid it out already. You can imagine that people that used to get around
television to watch your favorite sporting event, those orders aren't there. If you are ordering and you're
sheltered in the home with your family, those orders are larger because you might be looking for some
leftovers for the next couple of days. If you had an occasion that you'd buy pizza for the folks that you
work with in an office building, those occasions are gone. So it really is no more complicated than that.
Although I will still tell you, it is early in this crisis. We just don't know how that consumer behavior will
ebb and flow as we continue through this and get out of this.

But what I can tell you, as Ritch just alluded to, is we believe that the global pizza industry is super
resilient. People are going to want eat pizza, before, during and after this crisis, and there's no one better
positioned with our franchise partners around the world to hopefully fill that demand than we do. So we'll
be there for all the occasions. We'll continue to morph our standard operating procedures, as Ritch talked
about, to make sure that we give the consumers what they want now and in the future. Again, being
vertically integrated in tech, having real innovative business partners around the world, give us a huge
advantage versus a lot of the other competitors in the industry. So we feel like if anybody can get it done,
we can get it done, and we're going to continue to put our customers first, our team members safe in all
that we do.

Operator

And our next question comes from John Glass of Morgan Stanley.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

How many of the customer visits you're seeing recently are coming from new customers or lapsed users?
And what are you doing to maybe capitalize on that opportunity to get new customers? Are you incenting
them to sign up in the loyalty program in a different way? And maybe any metrics around that loyalty
growth during this period of time would be helpful.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure, John. We absolutely are seeing an uptick in new customers. And I'll talk about it on a couple of
dimensions. I am sure that we are seeing some folks trying us for the first time or trying us again, just
given the availability of restaurants and food types out there, we're getting a shot with some customers
that maybe weren't doing business with us before.

Also, what we're seeing is we are getting new digital customers as well. The digital percentage of our
business has ticked up pretty significantly in the last several weeks. I think I reported to you for the fourth
quarter, we touched 70% digital. In recent weeks, we're running 75%. And we've had at least 1 week
where we were over 80% digital. So that's also another benefit we're seeing, is that customers are coming
to that digital channel as we go into this contactless space that we're in.

And we are absolutely actively working to -- for that -- we got the first order from that customer to get
the second digital order and for those customers that are ordering digitally, actively working to migrate
them to our Piece of the Pie Rewards loyalty platform as well.

So it's still early, John, but certainly we're seeing some opportunities with customers that we didn't have in
the previous couple of months leading up to COVID-19.

Operator

And our next question comes from Chris Carril of RBC Capital Markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I wanted to ask about aggregators. And specifically, any updated thoughts on how the current
environment will shift the competitive dynamic in delivery? So with the rising demand for off-premise
here, is there any more opportunity for Domino's to highlight its value positioning, especially in a more
pressured macro environment?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Chris. Well, one thing I can tell you is, in the current environment we're operating in, I am so glad
that we are not on these aggregator platforms as Domino's. When I think about what matters to our
customers, the trust in knowing how that food, where it was prepared and who delivered it to them, it
certainly comforts me to know that it is our uniformed and trained Domino's delivery experts that are
bringing the food to the door in a time like this.

I'm also very glad that we're -- that we've made the decision over time to continue to own that customer
relationship on the front end, particularly now that we're talking about 70 -- a run rate of 75%, plus
digital. We think even more than ever that it is critical for us to continue to own that digital relationship
with the customer as well.

That said, certainly in the current environment, with virtually all restaurants closed to dine-in, there
are lots and lots of customers that are trying delivery for the first time and many of them through the
aggregators. So this is going to be a very dynamic environment as we look over the months ahead. And
ultimately, to all learn what ultimately sticks in terms of these changes in customer behavior because my
guess is customers don't immediately go back to what they were doing before.

In that environment, we're staying focused on the things that we know are so important to the business
for the long term, on value, staying very focused on value, staying committed to our delivery and our
carryout value offers. We're also remaining very focused on service. One of the things that is happening
right now across the Domino's U.S. business is the very aggressive hiring of additional delivery experts.
The labor market has been incredibly tight for a couple of years. As that has loosened up in recent weeks,
we've just since announcing our effort to hire 10,000 team members in the U.S., our corporate store
business has hired 2,500 people in that limited period of time. And that is really a key element of how we
continue to provide great service to our customers during this time. And then staying out on the forefront
of safety through all of these contactless methods through the enhanced cleaning of our stores. We've
changed from operational audits to safety awareness visits during this time. So we believe all of those
actions will continue to position us well as we move forward through this crisis and into the time period
beyond.

Operator

And our next question comes from Katherine Fogertey of Goldman Sachs.

Katherine Irene Fogertey
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I was wondering if you could comment, you mentioned a little bit about the 10,000 delivery expert hiring.
If you could give a number of how many the whole system has hired and if you've seen any change in
turnover, either positive or negative, at the stores given the current environment. And on that point,
wanted to get your thoughts on how you view your benefit package and the fact that you employ your
drivers is a competitive advantage vis-à-vis the aggregators?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Katie. So on the 10,000 folks that we're trying to hire across the system, we don't have perfect
visibility into our franchisee hiring because that really is their job, their team members to hire and to train.
But what I can tell you from the conversations that we have is that the applicant volume has increased

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

significantly since we began that effort. And unfortunately, we just saw the -- another 4.5 million file for
unemployment this morning. Unfortunately, there are a lot of people out there that are out of work right
now. And I am certain that, that is contributing to the increased applicant flow that's coming into our
stores.

As I think about what our value proposition is relative to someone working in the gig economy, I think
now, in an environment where so many people are losing their jobs, having a set schedule and having
a job, getting a W-2 from Domino's or from one of Domino's franchisees, I think, is probably valued
probably more than it has been in quite a long time. We've tried to make a very strong commitment to our
corporate store team members, that's drivers and everybody in the store, with enhanced bonuses over a
10-week period as folks work through this crisis. We've enhanced our sick pay benefits during that time
as well. So we are also looking for opportunities here in the near term, but then also over the long term to
continue to make that a very attractive employment opportunity.

And then finally, we've talked about it so many times, well over 90% of our U.S. franchisees started office
delivery drivers or folks working inside the stores and that's a career opportunity that is out there that just
isn't available in the gig economy.

Katherine Irene Fogertey
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

And just my question around turnover. Are you seeing turnover go up, be flat or go down in the stores?
Maybe if you can just comment on the company stores here.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Katie, we haven't seen major shifts in turnover. It's still a really short period of time that we've been
in this crisis. So we'll probably know more in the months ahead as things continue to unfold there.

Operator

And our next question comes from Alton Stump of Longbow Research.

Alton Kemp Stump
Longbow Research LLC

I think most other questions have been asked. But just -- I'm just going to follow up on the last couple of
other answers, Ritch.

Is there an opportunity on the labor cost front for savings here, given the fact that they're, obviously, to
your point, an awful lot of people, especially in the restaurant industry, that are looking for work currently?
Is that an opportunity potentially for you guys and/or your franchisees to kind of bring the average cost
down a little bit on the labor front?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Alton, it's Ritch. We're going to ask you to -- your line was breaking up a little bit. If you could just slow
down just a little bit and repeat that question. We just want to make sure -- I think Jeff and I heard about
60% of it.

Alton Kemp Stump
Longbow Research LLC

Okay. Sorry about that. I was just asking if there is an opportunity on kind of labor cost front to save
money given the fact that there obviously are a lot of people, to your point, especially in the restaurant
industry that are looking for work currently?

Jeffrey D. Lawrence
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Yes. Alton, thanks for repeating that. I want to be very clear, and we want to be very clear that this
crisis is not a time to lower the rates that we pay our valuable team members. And we don't think that
way, our franchisees don't think that way. If anything, we want to employ more people. And as Ritch
mentioned, we're paying them bonuses. We're paying them more. So I'm a finance guy, I always think
about efficiencies and things like that. But right now, quite frankly, it's not about that. For us, it's about
continuing to run as an essential service, taking it very seriously, hiring more people, paying them more
actually right now, giving people more jobs. That's really what we're focused on. We're proud of the small
role that we're playing, keeping people employed and fed, and we'll leave it for another day to get efficient
on any kind of labor rate stuff.

Operator

And our next question comes from John Ivankoe of JPMorgan.

Our next question comes from Jon Tower of Wells Fargo.

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. Hopefully, you can hear me okay. Just a couple of quick ones from me.

Ad budgets are down across the restaurant space as a whole, but also all the advertising dollars seem
to be pivoting towards this off-premise or delivery channel. So can you talk about how you're managing
through communicating to consumers that your values there that -- and frankly, breaking through to
consumers in this time when everybody seems to be focused on this one channel?

And then just pivoting to the U.S. unit growth. I'm curious if you could talk about -- you mentioned the
health of the franchise community is very strong coming into this crisis, and we're taking a pause right
now, but is there any reason to believe that you can't ramp growth faster on the back end, particularly if
rents are going to be lower and/or you see some independent store closures at the end of this full crisis?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jon. On your first question around the advertising spend out there in the market, we look at a
couple of things around that as we think about it.

One is, we view it absolutely as a time to continue to lean in hard on getting our voice out there. So we're
not pulling back one bit on advertising during this. And frankly, one of the things, as you look broadly
across not just restaurants but across all of the folks out there that spend a lot of money on advertising,
there's been a heavy demand out there for a lot of the same customers that we want to reach. And
therefore, GRP delivery has been a little spotty out there in the marketplace over the course of the last
couple of years. We expect that we may see some benefit in that and just getting the full delivery of the
GRPs that we want to buy anyway.

And then as it relates to share of voice within the category, most certainly, all of the spend out there is
-- while some of it's come down overall, it really is focused on this -- on the delivery channel. We've just
got to continue to invest against it. We've got to continue to talk about value, to talk about service, to
talk about safely serving our customers, and I am really proud of our advertising team. I mean, they have
pivoted so quickly. And if you look back over the last 6 weeks or so, they've produced about an ad a week.
And normally, we go through a much more prolonged cycle to produce advertising. So we're trying to stay
very nimble, and we've just got a terrific team that's making that happen for us.

And then your second part of your question was around U.S. unit growth. We're certainly assessing what
the back end of the crisis opportunity might be. Ultimately, as I talk about all the time, the unit growth
is going to be driven by the cash-on-cash returns at the unit level and how our franchisees view the
economics. I can tell you that for our corporate store business, I would love to accelerate and go even
faster. And if there are opportunities to do that, we are most certainly going to.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

And our next question comes from John Ivankoe of JPMorgan.

John William Ivankoe
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can you hear me?

Jeffrey D. Lawrence
Executive VP & CFO

We can, John.

John William Ivankoe
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

All right. Excellent. Okay. First, a clarification and then a follow-up on the theme we've been talking about.

First, you've mentioned increased transaction size in a number of different times. I mean, can you
comment on same-store transactions and delivery same-store transactions and carryout? I mean, it
does sound like we got some outsized ticket gains. Just wanted to see what was happening in terms of
transaction count.

Jeffrey D. Lawrence
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, John. So again, very early, very dynamic. But as we look at period 4, the increase that we reported,
the $7.1 million for the entire U.S. system, that's more ticket, certainly, than it was orders. But the
important thing to remember here in this new environment is that the ticket part of the overall comp
includes way more food now in the same order. So when you think about an order, used to be an order,
well, now in orders kind of more than an order because people are looking to put some stuff in their
ziplock bags. So again, it's early. We're giving you as much as we can, trying to be as transparent as
we can, but it's larger orders is what we're seeing so far and we're happy to get that to you in a safe,
contactless way.

John William Ivankoe
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes, definitely. And it wouldn't make sense to amortize some delivery fees as well. So that would make
sense from many different perspectives.

And then secondly, we have, I guess, an economic situation that many of us would have never anticipated,
where a number of people will make more money on unemployment for 4 months being at home than
they would actually working in a lot of different cases. So I wanted to ask this from 2 perspectives.

One, if you are seeing kind of a pickup from a consumer perspective and maybe the type of consumer
that would be benefiting economically from a weekly basis of basically not working versus working. And
then secondly, if there's a way to comment on it appropriately. Has that influenced or do you think it might
influence on the margin your ability to attract employees that what you might offer them might not be
equivalent to their safe plus federal unemployment benefits?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

John, it's Ritch. On the first part of the question, really too early and would be hard to tell. I suspect that
the stimulus that was just released out there is probably having more impact than the unemployment
benefits thus far that you just described in terms of money going into consumers' pockets, which they
could choose to spend with us or with others.

And then, the second part of your question around, does it make it harder to hire folks, we tried to lean
into that a bit. As we mentioned a couple of times earlier for 10 weeks in our corporate stores and in our
supply chain business, we've got bonuses for our hourly team members and also for our store managers

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

as well. And we've done that, first and foremost, to say thank you to them for continuing to serve our
customers in what is a relatively crazy time. But also, we recognize that we've got to continue to earn
their loyalty to work for us as there are other alternatives potentially out there, as you described.

So haven't seen any pullback there. And as I mentioned earlier, we've actually seen a very significant
increase in applicant flow because even with those near-term unemployment benefits, I think a lot of
folks are looking beyond that and into August and September, the months beyond the expiration of those
benefits. And I think I want to make sure that they've got a job when they get to that point in time.

John William Ivankoe
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It definitely makes sense. And Ritch, maybe as a couple of quarters ago, maybe the second quarter of
'19, we talked about delivery service times and just overall delivery metrics. I think you touched on it a
number of different times on this call, but on an apples-to-apples basis, where are we in terms of delivery
metrics at this point, time to household order accuracy, just things are not necessarily health and safety
related, but just kind of the old-fashioned core of the way you guys used to measure yourself?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure, sure. So John, as I've mentioned before, we didn't get a lot better from '17 to '19 on delivery times,
but started to see some improvement there. In particular, I'm really proud of our corporate store business,
where we've seen a good bit of improvement with a lot of focus around delivery times. And look, we've got
some franchisees out there that are averaging every week under 20 minutes delivery time. So there are a
lot of really strong proof points out there across our system.

The data, like the data in every other aspect of our business can be pretty choppy here with -- in this
COVID-19 time. And a lot of that gets driven by the fact that we see these shifts across days and across
dayparts. And we, and a lot of our franchisees, are still working really hard to figure out those new
patterns and make sure we've got delivery driver schedules balanced appropriately against them.

So what I can tell you is the system is very focused on service. We were making some improvements
there. And we are -- bringing safety to the forefront does not also -- does not mean that we're not also
focused on those service times because we do know that's going to be a critical way that we'll continue to
grow our business and compete against the aggregators.

Operator

And our next question comes from Jeffrey Bernstein of Barclays.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. Ritch, you talked about in your prepared remarks, the independents and the existential crisis the
industry is facing, and obviously, the impact of the future. So it seems like you would have good insights
into more of the independent side of things in each of your franchisees in many ways is more of a mom
and pop. But your comps are clearly solidly positive. So I'm just wondering how you think about the
independents' survival with comps down significantly, whether it's within pizza or just thinking more
broadly as a restaurant CEO, the ability for them to keep their doors open for an extended period and kind
of survival, whether that would help the industry supply-demand imbalance that people have been talking
about for years. Any thoughts on kind of the broader industry and the independents' ability to survive
would be great.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Jeff. Yes, I'll stay fairly brief on that. Restaurant business is a tough business. And there are a lot of
restaurants out there that were struggling even before this crisis got here as labor rates have increased
significantly across the country. And so I think there's a lot of pain in the industry right now as folks,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

and a number of independents came into it, not particularly strong going in, but now being faced with
this existential crisis. So certainly, as someone who's been in the restaurant industry for a long time and
someone who loves to eat out, I sure hope independents survive because I think all of us want to be able
to go to an independent restaurant. We want to be able to go to a Domino's Pizza. We want to be able to
go to an independent restaurant as well.

Operator

And our next question comes from Andrew Charles of Cowen.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Most of my questions have been asked. But Ritch, I totally understand the fluidity of upcoming
development that leads you to suspend the 2- to 3-year outlook. But just to be clear, is the target for
25,000 global locations by 2025 still on the table, just given your continued optimism around the long
term and the potential for the unit development to be made up kind of past the next 2 to 3 years?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Andrew, thank you for asking that question. Absolutely. I still have great optimism around our 25,000
store target. The brand came into this crisis in a very healthy place with strong growth momentum. We're
going to work our way through this, but I still have a ton of optimism about the long-term health and
growth of Domino's Pizza.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn
the call back over to Ritch Allison for any closing remarks.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. Listen, thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call this morning. It's an incredibly dynamic
time in our business and across the industry. But if I can leave you with one thing this morning, it is that I,
and our management team and our franchisees at Domino's Pizza, have a great deal of optimism around
the future of our brand. And one of the things that I've had a front-row seat to for the last 6 weeks or so
is the incredible resiliency, the incredible innovative spirit, the hustle, the passion of our Domino's Pizza
franchisees and team members around the world. So while a difficult time for all of us, I sit here today,
never more optimistic about this great brand.

So again, I appreciate you being with us. And Jeff and I look forward to speaking with you in July as we
will then discuss our second quarter 2020 results.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

