Eaton Corporation plc NYSE:ETN
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 04, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.24

1.44

Revenue  (mm)

4545.63

4692.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2021 3:17 PM GMT

16.13

3.22

1.35

5.73

6.48

4088.71

18187.50

19055.78

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.53

1.05

1.24

1.24

0.70

1.18

1.28

1.44

32.08 %

12.38 %

3.23 %

16.13 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Thomas B. Okray
Executive VP & CFO

Yan Jin
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jeffrey David Hammond
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Eaton's First Quarter Earnings Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn
the conference over to our host, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Yan Jin. Please go
ahead.

Yan Jin
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, guys. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. With me
today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Tom Okray, Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer.

Our agenda today include opening remarks by Craig highlighting the company's performance in the
first quarter. As we have done on our past calls, we'll be taking questions at end of Craig's comments.
The press release and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website at
www.eaton.com. This presentation, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted free cash flow and
other non-GAAP measures are reconciled in the appendix.

A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. I would like to remind
you that our comments today will include statements related to the expected future results of the
company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from
our forecasted projection due to a wide range of the risk and uncertainty-ed as described in our earnings
release and presentation. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Yan. Appreciate it. We'll start on Page 3 with recent highlights. And first, I'd just say we had a
terrific quarter, and we're significantly increasing our full year guidance, as you saw. Our teams have just
done an outstanding job of managing through this dynamic market environment, which is reflected in our
strong results.

Q1 adjusted earnings per share of $1.44 were a solid 15% increase year-over-year and 18% above the
midpoint of our guidance. Our Q1 revenues of $4.7 billion were up 0.5% organically, which was well
above the high end of our guidance range of down 3%. This outperformance was driven primarily by the
2 electrical segments as well as our Vehicle business. We also posted a Q1 record for segment margins of
17.7%.

And looking at our incrementals, we generated $73 million of higher profits despite having $97 million
of lower revenues. This was the result of, we'd say, strong execution, ongoing improvements in the cost
structure from the multiyear restructuring program that we announced in the second quarter of 2020 as
well as closely managing price and inflation in the quarter.

Our cash flow was also very strong. Our adjusted operating cash flow increased by 42%, and our adjusted
free cash flow increased by 62%. And we have another successful quarter of M&A closing 3 deals. We're
also making good progress towards the closure of the previously announced acquisition of Cobham Mission
Systems as well as the divestiture of Hydraulics.

And finally, we recently announced the agreement to acquire 50% of Jiangsu YiNeng Electric's bus way
business in China, an important part of our growth strategy for the Asia Pacific region.

Having been quite busy on the M&A front, we thought it'd be helpful to provide a summary of these 3
recent deals. We covered Tripp Lite and Cobham Mission Systems acquisitions in some depth on the
investor meetings.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

But each of these 3 deals here certainly advance our strategic growth objectives in our electrical business.
First, Green Motion, based in Switzerland. It expands our capabilities in the electrical charging market,
where we expect to see significant growth over the next decade linked to energy transition. Their proven
charger designs and advanced power management capabilities and building software are valuable
additions to our existing energy storage and power distribution offerings that support our view of
everything as a grid. We also closed our previously announced investment in HuanYu. HuanYu is based
in China and provides a strong portfolio of products that will open up significant growth opportunities in
our business throughout Asia Pacific. They make cost-effective circuit breakers and contactors that give us
access to Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets in Asia Pacific.

And finally, last week, we're pleased to announce the agreement to acquire 50% of Jiangsu YiNeng
Electric's busway business in China. YiNeng's strong busway capabilities in China, combined with Eaton's
broad portfolio of products, will really position us well to participate in the high-growth data center,
industrial and high-end commercial segments and allowing us to pull through related electrical products.
The HuanYu and YiNeng transactions, I'd also add, significantly expand our addressable market in China
and in Asia Pacific, certainly allowing us to accelerate our growth rate in the region.

Moving to Page 5. We summarize our Q1 financial results, and I'll just note a couple of points here. First,
acquisitions increased sales by 1%, but this was more than offset by the divestiture of Lighting, which
reduced sales by 5.5%. And you'll recall that we sold the Lighting business in March of 2020.

Second, segment margins of $831 million were 10% above prior year, and this is despite a 2% decline in
total revenue. This is largely the result that, I'd say, of solid execution, restructuring savings, and really
our ability to effectively manage price and inflation during the quarter. We expect the inflation impact to
worsen, certainly in Q2, but we will full -- more than fully offset this for the full year.

And lastly, our adjusted earnings of $577 million, up 12%. And when combined with our lower share
count, we delivered a 15% increase in our adjusted EPS.

Turning to Page 6. You see the results for our Electrical Americas segment. Revenues were up 2%
organically, driven by strength in data centers, residential and utility markets, which offset weakness in
industrial and commercial markets. The acquisition of Tripp Lite and PDI added 2% of revenues, while the
divestiture of lighting reduced revenues by 14%. We're very pleased to also have closed the Tripp Lite
acquisition sooner than planned and to welcome their team to the Eaton family. Operating margins, as
you can see, increased sharply, up 330 basis points to 20.5%, a quarterly record. And as you can see,
profits were $24 million higher on significantly lower revenues. These results, once again, were driven by
good execution, cost savings and really favorable mix due to the divestiture of lighting. We're also pleased
with the 11% orders growth in the quarter. This was driven by, once again, strength in data center and
residential markets.

Our backlog was actually up 23% versus last year and due to ongoing strength in, once again, data center
and residential markets.

We are also encouraged to see some very large orders in select commercial markets, perhaps a sign here
that these markets, too, are beginning to turn positive. And while it's difficult to judge, we do think the
order strength could have been due to some concern about some of the supply chain shortages that you
certainly have been reading about.

Next, on Page 7. We show the results for our Electrical Global segment. We posted a 5% organic growth
with 5% favorable impact from currency, largely due to the weaker dollar. Organic revenue growth was
driven by strength in data centers, residential and utility markets. You can see the pattern here. We also
delivered a 250 basis point increase in operating margins and posted a new Q1 record of 17%.

Our incremental margins in the segment were also strong, more than 40%, and were also driven by good
cost control measures, savings from actions taken from our multiyear restructuring program. Orders
grew 7% in the quarter, and like sales, the primary contributors to the growth came from data centers,
residential and utility markets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

I'd say dragged down by the earlier COVID-related declines, orders declined 12% -- or excuse me, 5% on
a rolling 12-month basis. And lastly, here, our backlog was up 17% versus last year, driven by the same 3
end markets.

Moving to Page 8. We summarize our Hydraulics segment. Revenues increased 11%, with strong 9%
organic growth and 2% positive currency impact. Operating margin stepped up significantly to 15%, a
420 basis point improvement over last year. And our Q1 orders were also very strong, up 53%, driven
primarily by strength in mobile equipment markets.

As we anticipated, Danfoss did receive conditional regulatory approval from the EU to acquire our
Hydraulics business, which is an important step in the process, and this sale is still expected to close in the
second quarter here.

Turning to Page 9. We have the financial results for our Aerospace segment. Revenues were down 24%,
including 26% organic decline, driven by the continued downturn in commercial aviation. Currency, as you
can see, added 2% to revenues. And as you can also see, operating margins were down 310 basis points
to 18.5%, down but still at very attractive levels overall.

Our team, I give them a lot of credit. They moved quickly to flex the business and were able to really
deliver better than normal decremental margins of approximately 30%.

Orders were down 36% on a rolling 12-month basis, once again, due to the ongoing downturn in
commercial aerospace markets.

Now, however, I would add, on a sequential basis, we are starting to see some improvement as orders
were up 14% from Q4. And lastly, our previously announced acquisition of Cobham Mission Systems
remains on track, and we expect the transaction to close at the beginning of Q4 2021, next year.

Next, on Page 10, we show the results of our Vehicle segment. As you can see, revenues increased 9%
and were much stronger than anticipated. The strongest growth came from global commercial vehicle
markets and from the Chinese light vehicle market. Just as a point of reference here, [indiscernible]
production was up [ some ] 12%.

Operating margins also improved significantly here to 17.3%, another quarterly record, and a 380 basis
point increase with incremental margins of nearly 60%. The strong margin performance was driven
certainly by increased volume and also from savings from the multiyear restructuring program that we've
undertaken. And despite volumes that were still below pre-pandemic levels, this business is approaching
our target segment margins of 18%. So making very strong progress in our Vehicle segment.

And one additional noteworthy development in this segment was the introduction of the new automated
transmission for the heavy-duty truck market in China through our Eaton Cummins JV. This product, I'd
say, is already getting great traction and seeing strong growth in the market.

Turning to Page 11. We summarize our e-mobility segment. Here, revenues increased 15%; 13% organic
and 2% from currency. We experienced solid growth in global vehicle markets, which was driven here both
by high- and low-voltage products. Operating margins were a negative 8.4% as we continue to invest
heavily in R&D. And as I've reported in the past, we continue to manage just a really robust pipeline
of opportunities. Of note in Q1, we secured a multiyear agreement with a leading global automotive
customer to buy our next-generation break door circuit protection technology for battery electric vehicles.
This award represents $33 million in material revenue sales, and we hope to be awarded additional vehicle
platforms using the same technology. And this win, I would say, it really does highlight the strength of our
electrical pedigree and how we're able to leverage this strength to grow in the e-mobility markets.

And on Slide 12, we've updated our organic revenue guidance for the year. As you can see, we're
significantly increasing our organic revenue growth for the year with our strong Q1 results. We're
optimistic about the remainder of 2021. Our strong order book and growing backlog basis that markets
and market demand is really increasing and improving across most of our end markets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

We now expect overall Eaton organic growth to be up 7% to 9%, and this is up from 4% to 6% previously.
And while we're experiencing some supply chain issues, we have confidence in our team's ability to
manage through these temporary challenges.

As you can see, we've kept our forecast for Aerospace unchanged, Vehicle has increased by 600 basis
points, Electrical Global has increased by 400 basis points, and all other segments have increased by 300
basis points. Encouragingly, I'd say here about our Electrical segment, we're seeing higher-than-expected
demand across all of our markets, with the exception of utility. And that market remains in line with our
original outlook, which was for mid-single-digit growth. So really strong performance in the electrical
segments.

Moving to Page 13. We show our updated segment margin guidance for the year, where we're also
significantly increasing our guidance. For Eaton overall, we're increasing segment margins by 50 basis
points at the midpoint with a range of 17.8% to 18.3%. And we've raised our margin guidance in each of
our segments with the exception of Aerospace and eMobility, which are unchanged. Compared with our
original guidance, we expect to deliver better incremental margins for sure on this higher volume. I'd also
note that for the full year, we continue to expect net price versus inflation to be neutral.

And on Page 14, we have the balance of our 2021 guidance. We're raising our full year adjusted EPS by
$0.50, to $5.90 to $6.30, a midpoint of $6.10. And this is a 9% increase over our prior guidance and
a 24% increase over 2020. With our recent M&A activities, we now expect a net 4% headwind from
acquisitions and divestitures, down from our prior outlook of 8%.

I say it's also worth noting here that our segment margin guidance of 18.1% to 18.5% is 190 basis point
increase at the midpoint over 2020, and will be an all-time record. It's also -- this is a point of reference,
above our pre-pandemic margins of 17.6%, which we posted in 2019, which was also an all-time record.

So we're off to a strong start, and I'd say, well on our way to achieve our longer-term targets of getting
to 21% segment margins. The remaining components of our full year 2021 guidance remain unchanged.
And lastly, for Q2, our guidance is as follows. We expect to be between $1.45 and $1.55 on earnings, for
organic revenue to be up 24% to 28% and for segment margins to come in between 17.5% and 17.9%.

And if I could, just finally, on Page 15, I'll wrap up with a kind of a high-level summary of why we
think Eaton remains an attractive long-term investment. And I begin with first, our intelligent power
management strategy really does position us to capitalize on these key secular growth trends that we've
talked about for the last couple of years: electrification, energy transition and digitalization. And we're
gaining traction here. In all of these areas, we put a number of new wins.

Our technology solutions, including our Brightlayer platform, are being well received by customers. And as
a result, we continue to expect higher-than-historical organic growth rates for the company. And over the
next 5 years, we're reaffirming our view that 4% to 6% outlook looks very much in hand.

Now this accelerated growth plus our, what I call, proven ability to deliver margin expansion, will allow
us to deliver, on average, 11% to 13% EPS growth per year over the next 5 years. We'll also continue
to deliver very strong free cash flow, which provides the optionality to invest in organic growth, to add
strategic acquisitions and to return cash to shareholders.

And our commitment to ESG remains strong. We'll continue to develop sustainable solutions for our
customers, for our own businesses, and certainly for the environment that we all share.

So with that, I'd like to turn it back to Yan. Obviously, we're very pleased with a really strong start to the
year and looking forward to answering your questions.

Yan Jin
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Craig. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I will turn it over to the operator to give you guys
the instruction.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is going to come from the line of Nicole Deblase with
Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe we could just start with a clarification question, getting a lot of inbounds from investors about this.
So when we look at the guidance today relative to where you were a few months ago, what's been added
in with respect to Hydraulics into the second quarter? And then the incremental earnings associated with
Tripp Lite closing early?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I appreciate the question, Nicole. It's obviously been a very busy quarter with a number of, I call it,
positive moving pieces.

So our current assumption in Hydraulics is that it would close here in the second quarter. And so you could
think about a couple of months at about $0.05 a month for Hydraulics. And then specifically, as it relates
to Tripp Lite, we were -- you could add about $0.10 or so for -- excuse me, about $0.07 for Tripp Lite. And
then there's a couple of cents negative associated with the acquisition of Green Motion. So about $0.15 or
so between the M&A activity.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Got it, Craig. That's really clear. And then maybe you could talk a little bit about price cost. So I
know you said neutral for the full year. But as we think about the phasing of margins throughout the year,
are there certain quarters where you will be facing more of a price cost headwind? And so we should be
factoring that into our segment margin assumption?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. No, certainly appreciate that question as well, and it's obviously one of the bigger topics that
we're dealing with internally. And I think you're dealing with in terms of trying to model our results and
others. And I'd say that what we experienced in Q1, I'd say, is largely, we were able to offset a lot of
this commodity inflation that we had been experiencing through hedges and working out of inventory
and other agreements. And so the biggest impact for us will be in Q2. And it's one of the reasons why
you look at our Q2 guidance, and you say it may be a little muted given the very strong Q1. But that
really is the quarter where we expect to see the biggest impact of material cost inflation. We're obviously
getting price in the marketplace. It does take us typically a quarter or 2 to fully get pricing seeded into
the marketplace. And so certainly, Q2 will be the most challenging quarter. It's certainly factored into our
guidance that we've laid out, and it will get better from that point forward. So Q3 and Q4 will be certainly
better on an incremental basis than Q2 will be. Fully offsetting it for the year.

I would add as well that sometimes, in hyperinflationary environment, it's tough to get a full incremental
margin on material cost inflation. We'll certainly more than offset it. But certainly, if you think about in
hyperinflationary environment, you generally don't get a full incremental margin on inflation.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America.

Andrew Burris Obin

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

BofA Securities, Research Division

Just a question. You guys did these deals in China, and you don't see a lot of companies in the U.S. being
a -- being physically able to sort of find things to do in China and be sort of execute on them. Can you just
give us a bit more background as to how these deals came around, and also very intriguing opportunity
that you're able to do more deals like that in China.

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks for the question as well. And we are absolutely thrilled with what our local team has been able
to do in the China market. And I would, in fact, put the emphasis on our local team. And our local team,
having been in the market for a number of years, building strong relationships with some of the electrical
companies in the region, we're able to pull off some really attractive deals.

And I think a lot of that is attributed to the fact that we're willing to partner. These are JVs that we have
50% of. We won't consolidate the revenue. At least in China, we'll leverage their products and their low-
cost footprint, and we will consolidate revenues as we grow these businesses outside of China. But I think
it's a combination of our local team's connectivity to the market and Eaton's willingness and proven track
record of really being a very successful JV partner. As you know, we have a number of JVs inside of our
company in China, in our aerospace business in China. And I think we have a very strong reputation in
the country around a company that can very effectively -- you can very effectively partner with. And at
the same time, do things that are helpful to both our company and to the companies that we're partnering
with. And so we're thrilled with it.

I would add that, to your other question, we are, in fact, having a number of other conversations around
other similar types of transactions. Nothing to announce here today, but we're hopeful that we will
continue to build on kind of this pattern of filling product gaps and whether that's a gap because it's a
technology that we don't have like the busway products in the China market or it's a product gap in the
form of the ability to really compete in the local market because you have a low cost product. We see
other opportunities to do very similar things in other parts of the portfolio.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Fascinating. And then just a question on data centers. Can you just give us color on how much visibility do
you have in hyperscale enterprise and maybe by region, it's just -- it's been such a hot market and such a
big driver of growth for you guys. Just -- do you have 1 quarter visibility, 6 months, a year? Just maybe a
bit more of a deep dive here.

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I mean -- and certainly, the data center market has been one of the hottest markets in the electrical
space, and we see that market growing by low double digits. And so it's a very strong market. And we
think it will be a very strong market for a very long time. And we get back to this whole idea of saying,
to the extent that you believe that the world will continue to generate, consume, process and store
increasing amounts of data. The data center market will continue to be a very attractive market to be in
for a very long time.

And in terms of visibility, specifically in hyperscale, we're typically in the 6 to 12 months out window
in terms of having fairly good visibility. As we've said, historically, hyperscale specifically tend to be a
relatively lumpy market. And so orders come sometimes in a big slugs in 1 quarter or 1 year versus the
others as they reconfigure their data centers. But certainly, when you look at the market more broadly, we
are just thrilled by our position in this market and by the prospects to continue to grow here.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

So I wanted to get into Electrical Americas a little bit deeper. Obviously, very impressive margin leverage
there. You called out residential and data center as particularly strong markets. Is there any mix impact
here, Craig? We're used to industrial being margin-accretive, maybe commercial being dilutive. But how
does residential and data center impact margin mix?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'd say, if anything, to your point, Nigel, I think you know the business well, that we tend to make
higher margins on a relative basis in the industrial side of the business and the more commercially
oriented stuff tends to be lower margin. And so we certainly have not experienced any positive mix in
the Electrical Americas business. I think this margin that you're seeing in us posting these record levels
of margins is really a function of the things that we talked about, which is our teams are executing well.
We're certainly benefiting from some restructuring that we've done as a company, and the volume is
obviously helping.

And the big one is, obviously, if you think about Electrical Americas, we divested the Lighting business.
And as we continue to work the portfolio in what we call grow the head and shrink the tail, we continue to
do things inside of the company to ensure that we're serving attractive markets. But no, we would expect
that there's more room to grow. And when we think about margin expansion in our Electrical Americas
segment, and certainly, as the industrial markets come back, that's going to certainly be accretive to
margins.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Right. Okay. Great. And then on the end markets, you basically said that all of them were going higher
with the exception of utility, which remains in the mid single-digit range. And you called out strength in
Global, but not U.S.

So I'm just wondering what we're seeing in the U.S. utility space. Are we seeing maybe slightly softer
trends in the first half of the year? Any color there would be helpful.

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

I mean, the utility markets, for us, I say, are largely performing in line with what we originally said. We
knew as we started the year that utility markets would be a relatively strong market at mid-single-digit
growth. And the market is just really continuing to perform in line with those numbers. And so really,
the distinction, I'd say between the commentary around global versus the U.S. is really a function of
change versus our original expectation. And so we have utility markets continue to be a very attractive
space. We think with the work that we've talked about and the things that are going on around energy
transition, hardening of the grid, grid resilience, we're seeing a lot of good activity. If you look at our
broader negotiations in our Electrical business, they were up quite significantly from the fourth quarter.
And so yes, this is a market that we continue to be optimistic about. And we think the utility segment,
very much different than its history, is really going to be one of the important growth vectors for the
company as we look forward.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Craig, maybe just to pick up a little bit on that discussion about industrial. Are you actually seeing
anywhere in your business kind of early signs of some of those later-cycle elements of your business are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

beginning to pick up. Perhaps it hasn't materialized in orders yet, but just kind of what you're hearing
from your customers and the channel would be interesting.

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. It's obviously too early, Jeff, to declare victory on any of this stuff, but we are certainly seeing some
early signs in the industrial markets of things starting to come back. And as I mentioned, negotiations
for it, as you know, in our business, is -- and you have a pipeline, you do negotiations and you end up
with a booking and ultimately a sale. And so we track negotiations in our business, and they are up quite
significantly from the fourth quarter. And most of that increase, I'd say the biggest part of that increase in
what we call our negotiations, is coming from our industrial businesses.

And so we're certainly seeing some green shoots there. You see a lot of discussion about this whole
trend towards reshoring. And you certainly see that today in the semiconductor market, for example,
where a number of very large semiconductor companies have announced very sizable projects here in the
U.S., and those are very big industrial projects. And so yes, we're clearly seeing some early signs. Too
early to, let's say, once again, to declare that. We know exactly where we're headed here, but certainly
encouraging.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And secondly, unrelated, but just back to what you're doing here on M&A. Maybe just a little more on
Green Motion. It sounded like that was a really interesting partner at your Analyst Day. You chose,
obviously, to just kind of take them out in entirety. What was the thought process there? And it sounds
like maybe there's no revenues, but you feel like you have -- or very little, but you have some revenue
visibility out into'23 and '24.

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I mean, Green Motion is a company that started back in 2009, so it's a relatively new organization as
everything in and around kind of electrification of vehicles is new, and so they are -- some revenues, but
revenues are relatively modest at this point. As I mentioned, dilutive to margins as we continue to invest
in this business. But yet, strategically, I mean it's just a perfect fit for us.

And we see Uday and his team spend a lot of time talking about energy transition and what it's going
to mean in terms of opportunities with respect to the grid as electric vehicles continue to grow. And
they have both the hardware and the software technology and the billing systems to allow us to really
participate in this really fast-growing and exciting space. And so today, they have a solution that works
perfectly in the Nordic countries and most of Europe. We'll be taking that technology and integrating
it with what we're currently doing in North America so that we have a solution for the North American
market as well. And so it's really an important part of our strategy, and it really accelerates what we would
have done organically inside of our company by acquiring this company. This gives us, I'd say, at least a
couple of year head start for what we were planning to do organically. If you think about it, in terms of our
longer-term goals of where we said we'd be by 2030, it probably doesn't change that materially because
we planned on making these investments organically. So -- but it certainly accelerates our progress.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Good morning. A lot of good stuff talked about so far. But if we backed up a little bit, Craig, and just talk
through the supply chain issues, your company, your business mix is a little bit different than kind of our
average. How would you rank the supply chain issues? Is it more around -- is it more about raw -- higher

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

raw material costs? Is it more about freight? I mean, how do you guys think about it and how are you
managing it?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

And I'd say -- probably fair to say, Scott, we're dealing with all of those challenges. We're dealing with
certainly -- if you look at the basket of commodities that we buy, whether that's copper, aluminum, sheet
steel, we're probably seeing today levels of inflation in those key raw materials that probably are at levels
that we have not seen since probably 2010, 2011.

And so clearly, commodity cost increase is on our key. Input materials is quite a significant challenge.
As you mentioned, freight around the world is up dramatically as well. And then with these challenges,
obviously, you're dealing with the intermittent availability issues on things like you reading the newspaper
with respect to semiconductors, which is impacting our vehicle business. And also, to a certain extent, is
impacting our electrical business.

And so I think we're dealing with this entire kind of portfolio of challenges right now in the market, and
our teams are managing through it extraordinarily well. And I would tell you that the good news in all of
this, it's a great indicator of just how strong the market is. And so the other side of dealing with these
challenges around inflation and freight and the like is that something very positive must be going on in
your end markets, and that's really what we're experiencing.

And as you know, getting price as a company is something that we do. It's certainly easier. In certain
cases, distribution, for example. As long as the market moves, price is a good thing for distribution.

And so today, I would tell you that we're dealing with each of these challenges, and there'll be certainly
intermittent hiccups that we'll see in a business or in a product line or in a quarter. But by and large,
our teams are managing it well, and we'd expect things to start to improve beginning in Q3. And by the
time you get to Q4, perhaps at the end of the year, for a lot of the bigger issues to be behind us. But
we're managing through all of these challenges. But we've been here before. This is nothing new for our
company. We've dealt with inflation before. We've dealt with these intermittent supply chain issues before.
And I'm confident that we'll manage through this one extremely well as well.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

That's helpful, Craig. And just -- I think this is part of Jeff's question, but you mentioned the
semiconductor fabs and kind of this onshoring thing. But I always think of the rule of thumb, new
factories, kind of 10% of it is going to be electrical content.

How do you guys think about a semiconductor fab? I've actually never been in one. So is it heavier
electrical content than an average kind of widget factory? Is it lighter? Perhaps some...

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Clearly, the energy requirements of a semiconductor facility would tend to be higher than your typical
commercial project, for example. And so the electrical intensity of that kind of project would be much,
much higher.

One of the other markets that we didn't talk about as well is water wastewater. That's another one of
these markets I would tell you where that we're starting to see growth in projects with another market
that once again has higher electrical intensity in some of the other products in the industrial side.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of John Inch of Gordon Haskett.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Craig, is Aerospace rightsized for a pending commercial flight rebound over the next couple of years, likely
on a lagging shop visit after market basis, but still a rebound nonetheless? Or would you actually have to
begin to rehire?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

No. I appreciate that question, John. It's a little different one that we're getting around aerospace these
days, but certainly appreciate it. And I would tell you that one of the things that we've done is we've lived
through cyclical businesses and have a lot of experiences out of our company around how do you manage
these businesses that go through from periods of time, pretty big cyclical swings.

And so I would tell you that our business is sized appropriately and is well positioned for a rebound in
commercial aerospace. The bigger challenges always tend to be the supply chain. So what we're trying to
do and make sure that it's not only -- we have our house in order. We're ready for the rebound. But also
throughout the supply chain, that everyone is prepared and like everything else in these businesses, it's
the weakest link that tend to create issues for your businesses. And so yes, our business itself, very well
footed with a viewpoint of -- we think it's '23, '24 recovery. We did take some restructuring actions inside
of the business. Most of it was around fixed structural costs that will not come back, things that we would
have done anyway even in a more healthy environment.

And as we talked about this in prior years, what we try to do in each of our businesses is have what we
call shovel-ready projects. And so this list of restructuring projects that we would undertake at any point
in time. And then we simply accelerate them or decelerate them based upon the market environment
that we're living in. And that's simply what we did in aerospace. Things that we wanted to do anyway, we
would have done them any way, we simply accelerated them during this period of low economic activity,
but not things that take capacity and capability to respond out of the system.

So we're in great shape. And obviously, we're working with our suppliers to make sure that they're also
prepared for the ramp.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Yes. No. It sounds like a -- it's a pretty good positioning to be in. Maybe just as a follow-up, Tom, I wanted
to ask, in your first 90 days, what have you uncovered? And I'm sure with your boss sitting there, you're
going to say a lot of positive things. But I'm wondering also, though, if you could talk about areas for
maybe opportunities for Eaton and where your background could be additive to this, so maybe like some
areas for improvement? I don't know, whatever you'd like to say.

Thomas B. Okray
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I appreciate it, John. I guess a few things that I've seen. The first one is just a tremendous amount
of opportunity. I knew that coming in. And it's even more than I expected. And specifically in the area of
organic growth, I think that's a great opportunity for us. And hopefully, that's something that I can be
additive to.

Another thing that I've found is with all of the issues that we've been managing, whether it be
commodities or supply chain, just the professionalism of the organization to get after it and just to
mitigate it, has been really remarkable. And the final thing is just a really top-notch leadership team that
wants to win. And all of that is just a great combination, and I couldn't be happier to be here.

Operator

Next, we'll go to the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc.

Jeffrey David Hammond
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Craig, I think early in the year or when you first gave your outlook, commercial construction and oil and
gas were laggards. Can you just kind of frame what you're seeing there and how you're feeling about
those end markets versus a couple of months ago?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Appreciate the question, Jeff. And I'd say, largely speaking, I mean, in the context of what's
happening in our electrical business overall, they are felt clearly laggards. Within commercial, there are
certain segments that continue to do well. We've talked about, for example, warehousing, for example,
as a segment that is very strong. And once again, it's another one of these markets with a much higher
electrical intensity than other commercial applications. But the commercial market, I'd say, our view on
it, in general, what we call commercial, institutional is that this year, we're calling that market to be flat
to up slightly, but still a laggard relative to the overall electrical market that we're seeing in general. And
then in oil and gas, while we are -- in other places where we're certainly seeing some green shoots and
the market is certainly firming, the rig count is increasing, we're starting to see more MRO projects and
the like. So that market is improving.

But once again, relative to the overall electrical market, that market is still a laggard versus the overall
electrical market. In that market, we're still calling to be essentially largely flat on the year, but still not a
return to kind of the growth that we certainly would expect to see, perhaps beginning at the end of this
year into next year.

Jeffrey David Hammond
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just on vehicle, you guys raised your outlook pretty materially, and certainly
1Q is a lot better. And that seems to be where a lot of the supply chain and semiconductor chip issues are.
Can you just speak to kind of the push-pull of kind of raising that pretty materially versus some of the
supply chain headwinds you're seeing in those markets?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. We appreciate that. And I'd say that if you think about the semiconductor issue, it certainly has hit
the light vehicle market harder than it has, let's say, the commercial vehicle market. I mean, not to say
there aren't challenges in commercial vehicles; there are. We have issues there as well. But it's certainly
been a much bigger issue in the light vehicle market.

And the one thing that's helped us a little bit, I would say, with respect to the way the OEMs are
responding to kind of the shortages of semiconductors is that they're tending to make decisions to
manufacture to produce their more expensive vehicles. And so what you're finding is trucks and things
where they tend to make higher margins are also the places where Eaton has higher content. And so our
impact in the way we're being impacted by this semiconductor issue is being somewhat muted by the way
the OEMs are prioritizing what they produce.

And so as we think about Q2, it's maybe a 2% to 3% impact on revenues. And revenues would have been
2% to 3% higher, but for the semiconductor issue overall. And so our teams are once again managing it
well, but it is a real issue and one that we expect to really deal with throughout Q2 and maybe even into
Q3.

Operator

Thank you. We'll go to the line of Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just, Craig, maybe to follow-up on your earlier comments in electrical. It sounded like you thought you
guys were benefiting a little bit from supply chain shortages, maybe some advance ordering or, I don't

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

know, double ordering, and people just sort of trying to get ahead of supply constraints. How much of that
23% backlog growth that you saw in the Americas would you attribute to something that's maybe a bit
more atypical versus the underlying business? Just trying to get a handle on what [indiscernible] timing
that mechanism might be worth.

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I mean, it's obviously a difficult question to really know for certain in terms of the behavior and
what's going on specifically in the channel. I would say that we probably did see some order surges that
took place at the end of Q1 in the month of March.

Tough to call it double ordering. I think some of that ordering could be certainly trying to get out in front
of price increases, some of that ordering could be to put in some safety stock to protect against concerns
about shortages. But I would say that overall, if you think about inventory levels, I say inventory levels, in
general, I'd say, are still probably slightly below where they really ought to be. If you think about some of
the end markets of residential and others and, let's say, in some of our factory OEM equipment markets,
inventory levels there are probably well below where they need to be, and then we're still kind of hand
to mouth with respect to dealing with some of the demand that we're seeing. And so I would say, kind
of the spirit of the question is, do we think this strength that we're seeing in the Electrical business has
legs? Or is it a little bit of an artificial pop that we're seeing? I think mostly, we're comfortable that it's
real. The underlying demand that we're seeing in these end markets is real and that's what's really driving
the ordering more than anything. And we'd love to be in a position today where we actually had more
inventory in that same sentiment, I would tell you, would be largely true for almost all of our customers.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe just following up on electrical. Obviously, at the Analyst Day, a lot
of discussion around electrification and sort of some secular shifts in the way customers are buying. As
you guys are bidding on projects, is there some, I don't know, higher content level that you're seeing
show up that would suggest this is playing out? Or is this just kind of project velocity picking up rather
than, I guess, project content?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

No. I would say that it's both. It's both velocity and it's also content. And one I always go back to, which
is an easy one to relate to, is really what's going on even in residential construction today. If you think
about today, the electrical content in your home as you move from a standard mechanical circuit breaker
to an electronic circuit breaker or a circuit breaker that has the ability to do fault protection, I mean, we're
seeing more electrical content in almost every project that we participate in, in almost every single end
market. And I just think this idea of -- as we talk about the digitization connectivity, these broader secular
growth trends are really requiring an increase in the electrical content in the equipment that we provide.
So I would say it's both. It's both the velocity of projects as well as increased content on every project
that we sell.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So Craig, I know you've been pretty front footed on the investments that you've been making on the e-
mobility offering. Saw this interesting announcement last week with ABB, like initiating a carve-out of their
business, their business being smaller than your business today. I'm just curious. You guys have been
front-footed as well in terms of your portfolio. I guess how are you thinking about this business longer
term? And is this a potential opportunity for a carve-out of this business as you build momentum?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. We obviously followed that announcement as well from ABB. And I'd say that every company has
got their own strategy around how you unlock value in your organization. And as we think about the
connectivity between what we do in our e-mobility business with our broader electrical business, we see
just tons of synergies between them. And so we really think about that as being a key growth platform
for Eaton and a great source of synergies with respect to the way we develop technology, the way we
leverage scale in our supply chain. And so we really do see it as an integrated part of our company as we
go forward.

If you think about one of the examples that we mentioned in the earnings call today around this break
to our technology, which is basically a resettable circuit breaker that's used in a vehicle application in a
market that has historically only used fuses, that's a great example. That core technology came from
our electrical business. That's where it was developed. And so our eMobility team lifted that technology,
naturally modified it for the commercial vehicle space, and here, we landed a number of key wins that
are, we think, at maturity, we could be talking about $100 million worth of business in this kind of space
around this break door technology once we get to full maturity and we bed down all the wins that we're
working on right now. So we really do see it as a core piece of the way we run the company, the way we
leverage our scale and the way we'll ultimately grow our business and synergies that will flow back to both
our electrical and to our eMobility segment.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Makes a lot of sense, Greg. I appreciate the color there. I guess my follow-on question, and I know we've
talked a lot about different end market trends, but I'd be curious if you guys could quantify how April has
been trending relative to some of the intra-quarter trends that you saw in the first quarter?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'd say that we had a good April. And actually, we're working to get some rather modest comps given
COVID-19 last year. But the month of April for us came in very strong and came in actually slightly better
than what we were forecasting. And so at this juncture, we think everything is looking good for another
strong quarter in Q2.

Operator

Next we'll go to the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Most of my questions have been answered. But just maybe on the electrical side, can you talk about any
growing interest or quoting in terms of state and local government either retrofitting for renewable energy
requirements or retrofitting for modernization of infrastructure? Are you seeing any of that kind of activity
pick back up? I mean taking local budgets are in better shape than we might have anticipated now with all
the money they've gotten in terms of aid, I'm just curious if you're seeing any evidence of green shoots
there.

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes, I appreciate that question as well, Ann. And you're absolutely right. I mean, the infrastructure needs
in our country are vast and what's happening today in terms of the stimulus programs that are being
either approved already or proposed by the Biden administration are going to put significant dollars in the
hands of both state and local governments. And I can tell you today, it's early days. In terms of what's
been approved already, I'd say that we are starting to see some of those projects. And when you look at
kind of the C-30 report, the public sector has tended to be a little stronger than the private sector. When

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

you think about what's going on in commercial construction. And so we obviously have seen some of that
already. But the biggest piece of it, we think, is still out in front of us.

And we think that -- and obviously, it's going to depend upon where these dollars go in terms of this
infrastructure build. If it's in roads and bridges, that probably won't have a material impact on our
company. But if it's where the Biden administration is pointing a lot of those dollars, whether that's in
reduced energy consumption, the greening of the economy, electrification of the economy, building out
the electrical infrastructure, grid resiliency, a lot of the things that the administration are talking about not
baked into our current forecast and outlook, could be another real, I'd say, leg of growth for our company.
And we're hopeful, but I think today, we've seen very little of that really show up in our business.

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just back on Green Motion on the electrical charging company in Europe.
Can you talk a little bit about what is so differentiated about that company? Because we think that
charging as being commoditized very quickly over time. I mean, the barriers to entry are not that high,
and it's very regional, and there's standard issues across different countries. I mean, just talk a little bit
about why that company, why you think they will be the winner?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'd say, clearly, when you think about the charging infrastructure side, there is obviously the
hardware. And I think when you think about the piece that's -- today, you could argue is not very
differentiated. It's really the hardware itself. It's the equipment. We view that as really more of as a
gateway and the real value creation really comes in the software associated with how do you manage the
charging infrastructure.

And so yes, they have charging, and they have the hardware associated with charging. And that piece,
for us, is interesting because we do think that, depending upon the application that you're in, all charging
isn't the same. There is an opportunity, we believe, depending upon which segment of the market you're
serving, where the charging infrastructure in and of itself is important. We think there's an opportunity to
really pull through and couple the charging infrastructure with what we do on the electrical equipment on
year side, which we think will be value-creating. But the real value, ultimately, is really in the software and
the way the solutions around how do you manage the charging of vehicles, of fleets, manage the load in
a smart way in a really complex environment. And that's ultimately where we see the biggest value and
what really intrigued us a lot about what Green Motion has already done and the ability to do billing as
well and what Green Motion has already done in the Nordic countries.

Operator

And we have time for one more question. That will come from the line of Julian Mitchell of Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a clarification question around the free cash flow. I don't think anyone's asked about it yet. But
that guidance was unchanged, I think, from before. The adjusted net income guide was raised by about
200 million. So just wondered what the moving pieces are? Is it around bigger working capital headwinds?
Or is it more to do with perhaps a lot of those sort of adjustments to EPS noncash. Just wanted to check
on that.

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Joe, I think the way to think about it, the working capital piece, it's just early. I'd say that today, we are
dealing with a number of uncertainties as it relates to supply chain, and we may need to build a little
bridge inventory to deal with some of these supply chain challenges. And so the way I think about it more

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

than anything is it's just early in the year. And some uncertainty around how some of the supply chain
challenges are going to work their way through the system.

As you saw in the numbers, we had a very strong Q1 in free cash flow. Better than our plan, for sure. And
there's nothing particularly that we can see today that would prevent that from playing through for the
year, but it's just early, and there's a number of these uncertainties around what's going on in the supply
chain. And that's what kind of held us back from taking that guidance up at this point.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then just a quick follow-up on aerospace specifically. The margin guide for the year embeds maybe
a 200-, 300-point step-up from Q1 for the balance of the year. I assume that's commercial aftermarket
recovering and carrying a very high mix tailwind with it. Maybe just help us understand what your
assumption is for commercial aftermarket sales growth for the year in that context?

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So commercial aftermarket, the aftermarket typically lags the OEM by a quarter or 2. And so we are
certainly expecting a lift in aftermarket as we get into the second half of the year, and that's certainly
going to be very much accretive to margins overall. So that's certainly baked into our assumptions.

And the other place, as I said, we did a lot of restructuring in the company. A lot of that went into
Aerospace. And so certainly, as our restructuring programs get completed, we'll see those benefits as well
show up in our expanded margins.

But we're very comfortable with the margin outlook for Aerospace. Even in Q1, the margins that we
delivered in that business of 18.5%, very attractive margins on volumes that are down dramatically.
And so as we think about the business and the margin profile overall, nothing that I'd say would be
extraordinary or Herculean in our effort to deliver the forecast.

Yan Jin
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay, guys, I think -- thanks for all the questions. As always, Chip and I will be available for any follow-up
questions. Have a good day.

Craig Arnold
Chairman & CEO

All right. Thank you.

Yan Jin
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, guys. Bye.

Operator
Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your
participation and for using AT&T event conferencing. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EATON CORPORATION PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

