eBay Inc. NasdaqGS:EBAY
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 28, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.82

0.85

Revenue  (mm)

2569.14

2606.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-28-2020 6:35 AM GMT

3.66

1.43

0.82

3.43

3.75

2646.46

10268.50

10907.52

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.75

0.71

1.06

0.82

0.81

0.77

1.08

0.85

8.00 %

8.45 %

1.89 %

3.66 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew John Cring
Interim Chief Financial Officer

Jamie Iannone
CEO, President & Director

Joe Billante
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Brian Thomas Nowak
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Colin Alan Sebastian
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Edward James Yruma
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Richard Alan Kramer
Arete Research Services LLP

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Scott William Devitt
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Thomas Steven Champion
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Youssef Houssaini Squali
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the eBay Q3 2020 Earnings Call.
[Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Joe Billante, VP of Communications
and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Joe Billante
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's Earnings Release Conference
Call for the Third Quarter 2020. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive
Officer; and Andy Cring, our interim Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to
accompany Andy's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of
the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss
some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures
to the nearest comparable GAAP measures and a slide presentation accompanying this conference call.
Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Jamie's and Andy's remarks represent FX-
neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless we indicate otherwise.

In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation,
statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ
materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports
on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any
forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 28, 2020, and we do not
intend and undertake no duty to update this information.

With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.

Jamie Iannone
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Joe, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll walk you through
some of the key highlights from the quarter and update you on our new Tech-led Reimagination of the
company. Then I will turn the call over to Andy to discuss our recent performance and near-term outlook.

Before I do that, I'd like to take a moment and reflect on a major milestone eBay passed last month. 25
years ago, during Labor Day weekend, our Founder, Pierre, launched eBay as a technology experiment.
The operation was to create an open, fair and trusted marketplace that empower people and create
economic opportunity for all. Since our inception, eBay pioneered online shopping and has become
an iconic brand that has shaped the modern e-commerce landscape. We are very proud of our
accomplishments. And today, we connect over 183 million buyers to nearly 19 million sellers around the
world in a broad and diverse set of categories. We are operating during historic times when our buyers
and sellers need us most while supporting our employees who are working hard to meet the needs of
our customers and investing to their own reality. As we look ahead to the next 25 years, our vision is to
become the best global marketplace to buy and sell goods through a Tech-led Reimagination of eBay. I will
come back to this in a moment, but first, let me talk about our most recent achievements.

In the third quarter, we delivered strong results. Earlier this month, we updated how we report classifies.
But to be clear, on apples-to-apples basis, we performed better than expectations on both the top and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

bottom lines. Gross merchandise volume in Marketplace grew 21%. To put that in perspective, we
added over 4 billion in volume in Q3 versus last year, more than many businesses do annually. Active
buyers increased over 183 million globally. Organic revenue grew faster than volume, up 26%, driven
by payments and advertising. The Managed Payments migration made significant progress in Q3 and is
delivering buyers and sellers a simplified end-to-end experience.

Starting with 5 of our largest markets, we focused first on transitioning business sellers to the new
payments platform. As a result, we exited the quarter with over 340,000 sellers migrated. During the
quarter, eBay Managed Payments for over 20% of on-platform volume. Additionally, we informed sellers
that we are expanding Managed Payments to France, Italy and Spain in early 2021, and we will begin to
migrate consumer sellers in Q4 in the U.S. We remain on track and expect to complete the vast majority
of our transition by the end of next year.

Seller feedback has been encouraging as the NPS from sellers in Managed Payments has averaged more
than 10 points higher than the NPS of sellers who have yet to migrate. Buyers love the flexibility, choice
and ease-of-use. We are seeing new and reactivated buyers using alternate forms of payment like credit
and debit cards, Google Pay and Apple Pay across the majority of their purchases. We remain confident
that we are on pace to deliver $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in operating income on an annual
basis by 2022.

Advertising growth continues to be driven by Promoted Listings, which continued to outpace volume, a
trend we expect will continue for the foreseeable future. In the third quarter, Promoted Listings delivered
$186 million of revenue, up 77%. We are providing sellers with more data-driven recommendations to
optimize their ad conversion while we test and build more technology features to drive future growth and
position eBay as the sellers' platform of choice.

Now turning to Classifieds. We believe that the transfer of Classifieds to Adevinta is on track to be
completed in Q1 2021, subject to regulatory approvals. We remain excited to bring together 2 highly
complementary businesses that can create tremendous value over time. The market agrees as evidenced
by the appreciation in Adevinta's share price, which increased the value of eBay from $9.2 billion to over
$11 billion based on recent trading levels.

As you may recall, last quarter, I outlined a long-term vision for eBay. Through a tech-led reimagination,
we can realize the enormous untapped potential of our marketplace and drive sustainable long-term
growth. We have 3 strategic priorities to support this vision: first, to defend our core by building
compelling next-gen experiences for our enthusiasts; second, to become the partner of choice for
sellers; and third, to cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with our buyers. We are in the first phase of a
multiyear journey of many tech-led improvements for buyers and sellers yet to come. But over the past
quarter, we were able to take several steps towards realizing this vision.

As I mentioned, our first priority is all about defending our core business. Our focus here is on non-new
in-season products and simplifying consumer selling. We are taking a holistic view of customer needs,
responding by launching features to address those needs and rapidly replicating the approach, leveraging
scalable technology across enthusiast categories. A great example of that is the series of changes we
made to our luxury watch category. Recently, we launched Authenticity Guarantee on all watches above
$2,000. This service increases confidence for both buyers and sellers. Buyers can count on meticulous
verification by third-party experts, and sellers are protected from fraudulent returns. In addition, we
announced an escrow service for high-dollar transactions plus new app content for watch enthusiasts,
and we also reduced fees for sellers. While this service is still in its early stages, we have already seen a
modest increase in supply and higher average selling prices.

We've also turned our focus to the sneakers category, which attracts passionate enthusiasts, particularly
Gen Z and millennials. In the U.S., sneaker GMV has significantly improved from a year ago. These buyers
and sellers bring tremendous value to our ecosystem. An average sneaker buyer purchases in 10 unique
categories each year, more than double the amount of other eBay buyers. Leveraging similar technology
launched in watches, we expanded the Authenticity Guarantee to sneakers. We are requiring all collectible
sneakers, both new and pre-owned above $100, to be verified by a team of independent third-party
industry experts. The program kicked off with the authentication of our most popular brands and styles

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

and will scale all sneaker sales over $100 next year. A year ago, we were losing share in this important
category, but now we are seeing over 50% GMV growth year-to-date, and that was before launching the
Authenticity Guarantee.

And just last week, we announced the launch of new elevated experience for certified refurbished
products. We see tens of billions of dollars in untapped potential in the global refurbished market. Through
our new Certified Refurbished program, buyers can save up to 50% on like-new branded inventory with all
the assurances of buying new, including a 2-year warranty, eBay money-back guarantee and hassle-free
30-day returns. We are launching this program in partnership with globally recognized brands, including
DeLonghi, Dirt Devil, Hoover, Makita and Philips that will sell certified refurbished inventory exclusively on
eBay. Not only does this program help with buyers' budgets leading into the holiday season, it also helps
to eliminate unnecessary waste by keeping products in circulation for many years to come.

We see a long runway to accelerate GMV growth given the $500 billion global total addressable market
we are competing for, but it will take time. By leveraging scalable technology, we can uniquely address
the needs of customers across a diverse mix of categories: in electronics, fashion, collectibles, home and
garden, parts and accessories and more.

Moving on to the second key priority of our vision: becoming the platform of choice for sellers. Over
the past 3 months, in addition to enhancements in Managed Payments and advertising, we continue
to leverage the scale of eBay that benefits small businesses. We worked closely with UPS to offer new
shipping services for sellers on our platform. In addition to a direct integration with eBay labels, sellers
now have access to discounted rates, saving them time and money. Sellers also have access to order
details, customer information, label printing and shipment tracking all in one place. And buyers benefit
from lower shipping costs and integrated tracking. Additionally, we are supporting seller profitability
during the upcoming holiday season by working with the carriers on our platform to eliminate peak season
shipping surcharges on eBay.

Joe Billante
Vice President of Investor Relations

Jamie, let me pause for 1 second. We're getting some feedback on the line. We're working through a
technical issue. Can you give us a moment?

[Technical Difficulty]

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, we apologize for the interruption. We are having technical difficulties. Please just
stay on the line.

Jamie Iannone
CEO, President & Director

In the risk of repeating myself, I'm going to go back a little bit just to make sure, because I understand
the line got fuzzy, which we apologize about the technical difficulties.

So we also turned our focus to the sneakers category, which attracts passionate enthusiasts, particularly
Gen Z and millennials. In the U.S., sneaker GMV has significantly improved from a year ago. These buyers
and sellers bring tremendous value to our ecosystem. An average sneaker buyer purchases in 10 unique
categories each year, more than double the amount of other eBay buyers. Leveraging similar technology
launched in watches, we expanded the Authenticity Guarantee to sneakers. We're requiring all collectible
sneakers, both new and preowned above $100, to be verified by a team of independent third-party
industry experts. The program kicked off with the authentication of our most popular brands and styles
and will scale to all sneaker sales over $100 next year. A year ago, we were losing share in this important
category, but now we're seeing over 50% GMV growth year-to-date, and that was before launching the
Authenticity Guarantee.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

And just last week, we announced the launch of new elevated experience for Certified Refurbished
products. We see tens of billions of dollars in untapped potential in the global refurbished market. Through
our new Certified Refurbished program, buyers can save up to 50% on like-new branded inventory with all
the assurances of buying new, including a 2-year warranty, eBay money-back guarantee and hassle-free
30-day returns. We are launching this program in partnership with globally recognized brands, including
DeLonghi, Dirt Devil, Hoover, Makita and Philips that will sell certified refurbished inventory exclusively on
eBay. Not only does this program help with buyers' budgets leading into the holiday season, it also helps
to eliminate unnecessary waste by keeping products in circulation for many years to come.

We see a long runway to accelerate GMV growth given the $500 billion global TAM we are competing for,
but it will take time. By leveraging scalable technology, we can uniquely address the needs of customers
across a diverse mix of categories: in electronics, fashion, collectibles, home and garden, parts and
accessories and more.

Moving on to the second key priority of our vision: becoming the platform of choice for sellers. Over
the past 3 months, in addition to enhancements in Managed Payments and advertising, we continue
to leverage the scale of eBay that benefit small businesses. We worked closely with UPS to offer new
shipping services for sellers on our platform. In addition to a direct integration with eBay labels, sellers
now have access to discounted rates, saving them time and money. Sellers also have access to order
details, customer information, label printing and shipment tracking, all in one place. And buyers benefit
from lower shipping costs and integrated tracking. Additionally, we are supporting seller profitability
during the upcoming holiday season by working with the carriers on our platform to eliminate peak season
shipping surcharges on eBay.

Recently, we rolled out an upgraded communication system that allows buyers and sellers to connect
securely on our platform. Also, we have provided small businesses a new marketing tool to drive traffic
back to their eBay stores through our affiliate platform. And just in time for the holidays, last month, we
expanded the time away functionality, making it easier for sellers to update their listings and protect their
on-time delivery record while providing buyers more accurate shipping estimates. Looking forward, we
are embarking on a multi-quarter journey to improve selling flows that leverage more AI capabilities to
dramatically simplify selling and drive more growth for small businesses.

The third key priority of our strategy is to cultivate lifelong, trusted relationships with buyers. To achieve
this, we are leveraging technology to remove friction throughout the buying journey. In Q3, we improved
search results, which led to material increases in conversion. By including more behavioral data, we
were able to optimize machine learning algorithms at the top of the funnel that led to improved buyer
engagements and, ultimately, led to increased purchases. These technology advances generate significant
impacts as every incremental point of conversion creates almost $1 billion more GMV annually. More
importantly, buyers are discovering the items they are searching for in faster and simpler ways.

Another way we are building trusted relationships with buyers is by improving our shipping tracking. In
the U.K. and Australia, we developed a unique new capability to implement virtual tracking for Royal Mail
and Australia Post, leading to significant increases in tracking coverage. Sellers do not have to explicitly
provide information, and buyers can track orders with confidence. We will continue to invest in the buyer
experience and marketing technology capabilities as we work to foster lifelong, trusted relationships with
buyers.

Finally, an area that I and the team are extremely passionate about is doing good for our communities
around the world. We focus initiatives on the sustainability issues material for the long-term strength
of our business and where we can be most impactful to our stakeholders. We have measurable and
transparent goals to evaluate our progress and to hold ourselves accountable to these important
milestones, such as driving more circular commerce, getting to 100% renewable energy by 2025 and
raising significant amounts for charitable causes.

We began eBay for Charity in 2003 to make it easier for customers to support their favorite charities.
Since then, we've raised over $1 billion for charities around the world, and we're working hard on our goal
of another $600 million raised by 2025. In Q3, eBay for Charity began working alongside international
artists through a campaign called Artist Band Together. We are helping to raise funds for organizations that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

work to increase voter turnout for the upcoming U.S. elections. Additionally, eBay Foundation reached its
$1 million Kiva lending goal to support global untapped entrepreneurs through an employee micro-lending
initiative.

At eBay, everything we do ties back to our purpose of creating economic opportunity for all, and I'm very
proud of our team for keeping this at the forefront, especially during these remarkable times.

So in summary, we have a clear vision to realize the enormous untapped potential of eBay. While we
have made meaningful progress in Q3, we still have a long way to go. We are investing in technology and
focused on delivering the best marketplace in the world for buyers and sellers. And I want to thank all
of our employees who have been working diligently to support our customers by bringing our Tech-led
Reimagination to life.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy to provide more details on our financial performance. Andy?

Andrew John Cring
Interim Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jamie, and thank you all for joining today. Before I walk you through the results for the quarter,
I'm going to take a few minutes to provide some additional context on the financial reporting impact of
moving our Classifieds business to discontinued operations. With that designation, our reported results
reflect only the performance of our Marketplace business. The Q3 results for Classifieds are reflected in
GAAP EPS from discontinued operations. You can find a presentation of historical financial statements
recast to the current presentation in the Form 8-K we published on October 1.

When we last provided guidance in July, Classifieds was included in both our Q3 and full year 2020
guidance assumptions. On Slide 4, you will see a refreshed look at what our July guidance would have
been if we had excluded Classifieds. This will help create an apples-to-apples comparison versus our Q3
results reported today.

Let me quickly walk you through the numbers. Adjusting for the Classifieds impact to our July guidance,
the implied Q3 guide for Marketplaces was between $2.38 billion and $2.45 billion of revenue, growing
16% to 19% on an organic FX-neutral basis; and non-GAAP EPS between $0.68 and $0.74 per share,
representing 31% to 42% growth.

On Slide 5, we've made a similar adjustment for our full year guide. Adjusting for Classifieds, the implied
full year 2020 guide for Marketplaces revenue was between $9.59 billion and $9.78 billion, growing 14%
to 16% on an organic FX-neutral basis; operating margin in the range of 30% to 31%; non-GAAP EPS
between $3.04 and $3.16 per share; and GAAP EPS between $2.51 and $2.66 per share; and finally, free
cash flow adjusted to the range of $2.20 to $2.35 billion.

With that, I will move on to our current quarter results. Turning to our Q3 highlights on Slide 6. In Q3,
we delivered revenue of $2.6 billion, up 26% on an organic FX-neutral basis. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.85,
up 64%. Both were significantly above our expectations. Non-GAAP margin came in strong at 30.7%,
inclusive of our ongoing investment in Managed Payments. We generated $584 million of free cash flow.
We executed $700 million of share repurchases and delivered $111 million in cash dividends in the
quarter.

Our Q3 overperformance was driven by a number of factors, including our migration to Managed
Payments, strong execution in advertising and volume growth ahead of our expectations. Based on our
Q3 results and an improved top line outlook for the fourth quarter, we are raising our full year guidance,
which I will cover in more detail in the guidance section.

Moving to active buyers on Slide 7. We ended the third quarter with 183 million active buyers,
representing 5% year-on-year growth, consistent with the second quarter. New and reactivated buyers
continue to drive year-on-year growth. We continue to see strength in GMV per active buyer across all
cohorts in Q3. While we initially saw stronger activity levels from buyers acquired in Q1 and Q2, those
buyers are now trending towards behavior more consistent with historical cohorts.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Moving to Slide 8. In Q3, we enabled $25 billion of Marketplace GMV, up 21% year-on-year, accelerating
8 points versus the prior quarter as global mobility continued to improve, particularly in our international
on-platform markets. In the U.S., we generated $9.8 billion of GMV, up 33% year-on-year, decelerating 2
points from the second quarter. Growth was at its peak in July and then moderated through August and
September driven in part by the wind-down of government stimulus payments even as residential mobility
remained relatively constant. International GMV was up 14% year-on-year, a 12-point deceleration
versus the second quarter driven by moderation in Germany and the U.K. We saw strong ongoing
correlation between mobility restrictions and GMV growth across our international markets where the most
pronounced growth deceleration occurred in markets with the biggest increases in mobility. In our off-
platform Korean business, growth was 4%, decelerating 1 point from the second quarter.

Looking closer at volume. We continue to assess the impact of COVID to better understand the overall
performance of our business. We have seen modestly improved underlying performance versus our
pre-COVID 2020 plans driven by increased velocity and product experience improvements and ongoing
tailwind from the recent increases in our active buyer base. In addition, we've seen temporary COVID-
related growth acceleration in GMV that we expect will continue to moderate as mobility increases over
time. And with this component being the biggest wildcard in terms of magnitude and timing, it remains
difficult to predict results beyond the near term.

Turning to revenue on Slide 9. Our net revenue was $2.6 billion, up 26% organically, decelerating 2 points.
We delivered $2.4 billion of transaction revenue, up 28%, down 5 points from the second quarter, with
strength in payments and advertising partially offsetting the deceleration in GMV.

Looking closer at Managed Payments. The increased seller adoption and high customer satisfaction that
Jamie mentioned led to 5 points of incremental revenue growth versus 2019 on a continuing operations
basis, approximately 1 point better than anticipated. Transaction take rate was 9.4% for the quarter,
accelerating nearly 40 basis points from Q2, primarily from the ramp of Managed Payments and the
continued strength in Promoted Listings. We expect take rate to continue to increase further as Managed
Payments and Promoted Listings continue to scale. We delivered $251 million of marketing services and
other revenue, down 1%, accelerating 15 points from the second quarter, mostly from a lower headwind
from lapping the sale of brands4friends in the middle of Q3 2019 and our first-party growth in Korea.

Turning to Slide 10 and major cost drivers as a percentage of revenue. In Q3, we delivered non-GAAP
operating margin of 30.7%. This is approximately 4 points higher year-on-year driven by volume leverage,
partially offset by continuing investments in Managed Payments and strategic reinvestments. Cost
of revenue was down nearly 20 basis points year-on-year as volume leverage is partially offset by
Managed Payments and our expanding first-party inventory program in Korea. Sales and marketing
expense was down over 2 points versus the prior year as volume leverage was partially offset by strategic
reinvestments in online marketing, brand and our vertical strategy. Product development costs were down
approximately 10 basis points driven by volume leverage, partially offset by incremental investments in
the product experience, including Managed Payments. G&A was down nearly 40 basis points, primarily
from leveraging cost control. Transaction losses were down 1 point as bad debt rates have performed
better than expected.

Turning to EPS on Slide 11. In Q3, we delivered $0.85 of non-GAAP EPS, up 64% versus the prior year.
Non-GAAP EPS growth was driven primarily by higher revenue growth and our share repurchase program,
partially offset by our investment in Managed Payments and FX. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.88,
up 250% versus last year. The increase in GAAP EPS is mostly driven by the change in fair value of the
Adyen warrant and the same factors as non-GAAP performance, in addition to lapping the divestiture of
brands4friends. The value of the Adyen warrant stands at $777 million at the end of Q3, an increase of
$573 million year-over-year. This is an additional value driver stemming from our payments initiative,
incremental to the $2 billion of transaction revenue and $500 million of operating profit that is expected
in 2022. You can find more information on the Adyen warrant in our 10-Q. And as always, you can find
a detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings
presentation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Moving to Slide 12. We generated $584 million of free cash flow in Q3, down 18%, driven by the timing of
cash taxes, partially offset by higher earnings. Year-to-date, through the third quarter, our free cash flow
is $1.9 billion, up nearly 30% year-on-year.

Moving to Slide 13. We ended the quarter with $4.1 billion in cash and investments and debt of $7.8
billion. In Q3, we paid down over $900 million in debt, bringing our total debt back to the 2019 year-
end balance of $7.8 billion. This completes actions taken in 2020 to strengthen our balance sheet by
leveraging the favorable market conditions to improve rates on our outstanding debt. Additionally, we paid
over $700 million in income taxes from the divestiture of StubHub, which is presented in operating cash
flow from discontinued operations, leaving approximately $250 million to pay in Q4.

We returned $111 million to shareholders in dividends in the quarter. We executed $700 million in share
buybacks in Q3, bringing our total share buyback to $4.7 billion so far this year. We entered Q4 with
$2.5 billion in share repurchase authorization remaining. Our capital allocation strategy and key tenets
and targets have not changed. We remain committed to maintaining our BBB+ credit rating, mid-term
leverage of approximately 1.5x net debt and gross debt below 3x EBITDA, and a target cash balance of
approximately $3.5 billion. We also remain committed to our dividend.

Moving to Slide 14. I'd like to provide an update on the pending Classifieds transaction. We remain excited
about this deal as it allows us to realize near-term value while enabling us to participate in the future
upside potential of the world's largest online classifieds company. We are on track to close the deal in
Q1, subject to regulatory approvals. When we announced the deal on July 20th, the valuation was $9.2
billion based on a mix of cash and Adevinta shares. The share price has appreciated by over 30%, which
increases the value of the Classifieds business to over $11 billion based on recent trading levels. Finally,
we expect that the cash portion of the deal will provide approximately $2 billion net of tax. And we
currently expect any potential future sale of shares would be a taxable event at the prevailing statutory
rate.

Turning to Slide 15 and guidance. We continue to operate in an environment with low visibility, which
proves to be very difficult when trying to provide guidance. Each month, sometimes each week, reveals
new external drivers that can have a material impact on consumer behavior. The dynamics we faced in Q3
were different from what we faced in Q2, and it's clear that Q4 will be different than what we experienced
in Q3. The shape and speed of pandemic recovery, the strength of the holiday season and the size and
timing of potential government stimulus programs are among the many variables that could have a
significant impact on our outlook.

For Q4, we are projecting revenue between $2.64 billion and $2.71 billion, growing 19% to 22% on
an organic FX-neutral basis. This assumes Marketplace volume growth at low double-digit rates with
gradual moderation through the quarter. We expect Managed Payments to continue to deliver revenue
acceleration, contributing approximately 8 points to Q4 revenue at the midpoint of our guidance driven by
continued seller migration. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.78 to $0.84 per share, representing 18% to
27% growth. Non-GAAP EPS growth is driven primarily by volume and lower share count, partially offset
by continuing investments in technology and marketing. We are expecting GAAP EPS from continuing
operations in the range of $0.58 to $0.64 per share in Q4. After adjusting for Classifieds' move to
discontinued operation, this Q4 guide represents a material improvement on volume, revenue and non-
GAAP EPS versus our expectations back in July.

For the full year, our revenue guidance is $10.04 billion to $10.11 billion, representing an organic FX-
neutral growth rate of 19% to 20% driven by an improved GMV outlook and continued scaling of Managed
Payments and advertising. We expect operating margin to be in the range of 31% to 31.5% with a non-
GAAP effective tax rate of 15% to 16%. With the above dynamics, we expect non-GAAP EPS in the range
of $3.34 to $3.40 per share driven by Q3 overperformance and an improved top line outlook for the fourth
quarter. We now expect free cash flow of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion, CapEx in the range of 4% to 5% of
revenue, and we're increasing our outlook on share repurchases to approximately $5 billion for the full
year. Finally, we expect GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the range of $3 to $3.06 per share.

In closing, we are excited about the progress we've made this quarter. Externally, the macro environment
is helping to drive strong business performance. Internally, with the leadership team now solely focused

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

on the Marketplaces business, we're making progress with our new strategy. We're pleased by the increase
in speed of execution demonstrated by our launching Authenticity Guarantee across multiple categories,
rolling out our Certified Refurbished program, expanding shipping services and tracking and helping buyers
find items in faster and simpler ways. We're doing all of this while delivering on our revenue growth
initiatives of Managed Payments and advertising, which are both becoming critical material pieces of our
financial architecture.

Our margin commitments remain in place, and we're on track to deliver at least 2 points of operating
margin growth by 2022 as compared with 2019. As we've said in the past, we will continue to balance
top line growth and margin expansion. As we find new opportunities, we will capitalize on them to drive
growth. We remain focused on improving the underlying health of the Marketplaces business. And as
we've mentioned, this is going to be a multiyear journey. Although it's early, the results tell us we're on
the right track, furthering our conviction to compete and win in the $0.5 trillion total addressable market
we're focused on.
And now, Jamie and I would be happy to answer your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Devitt of Stifel.

Scott William Devitt
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

In Q3, items sold decelerated a bit more than GMV. And I was wondering what caused that. Were
there some changes in ASP driven by category mix? Or was there some other factor at play there? And
then secondly, this was partly answered. But in 4Q, I think you fully comped the sales tax collection
implementation. It was a 600 basis point headwind in 4Q '19. You did just 22% in Q3, and I think that
also had a 3% headwind in it. It does seem like we're going to have limited mobility again this quarter,
certainly in the U.S., and there were some announcements today in certain countries in Europe. In 4Q,
you guided to low double-digit GMV growth. I'm just wondering, is there anything that you're seeing in the
business that is leading to that? Or is that just more, as you discussed a bit on the call, staying consistent
with this conservative approach of guidance given the uncertain business conditions? This seems to have
been the case on the 1Q and 2Q guide as well.

Andrew John Cring
Interim Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I'll start with the question on guide. Scott, to your point, there's new information coming out on a
daily basis, which makes this tough. I think the way that we've looked at it, clearly, there's multiple factors
moving that can influence our volume outlook for the quarter. It's really hard to predict how any of them
will play out. And certainly, to try to itemize which pieces we've included for which amounts, we can't do at
this point.

What we have tried to do with our guide is compile what we've learned through the third quarter and
what we've seen. And it implies a continued growth moderation in the fourth quarter, following what we
saw in the third and what we're seeing in the beginning of the fourth with regards to consumer behavior
and mobility. What we provided, I wouldn't call it conservative, I think it's our best outlook based on the
combination of these factors. And certainly, anyone of those could change and could impact our results.

On the -- I think you called it right on the sold items, there's GMV and category mix. And similar to what
you see on buyers and what you see on GMV, there's just a magnitude of things changing on a quarter-
over-quarter basis given the breadth of categories that we have and the different price tranches, I think
you called it right.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Richard Kramer of Arete Research.

Richard Alan Kramer
Arete Research Services LLP

Jamie, I've got 2 questions. First is I'd like to get some more detail on your Tech-led Reimagination,
especially given that you've seen declining R&D and relatively low CapEx. So specifically, can you talk a
little bit about how eBay might be developing infrastructure for social commerce, be it with more modern
messaging, video or some material revamp of what's been a very consistent user experience and look and
feel. And then maybe second question, since you mentioned eBay as being a global marketplace, when
we last got the geographical detail, you had roughly 80% of your business in 4 countries and a very wide
range of markets covering the other fifth. So what's your approach going to be to reaching scale in other
countries? And how important is that global footprint to you? And what sort of investment requirements do
you see in '21 and beyond to make eBay go beyond 80% coming just from those 4 markets?

Jamie Iannone

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

CEO, President & Director

Yes. So on the first one, on the Tech-led Reimagination, it's why you see us making the investments that
we're making, is that we believe that there's some big horizontal things that really move the business, like
payments and advertising, where we're obviously putting a lot of technology focus. And then you saw this
quarter some specific vertical experiences a focus for us in both watches and sneakers and also in Certified
Refurbished. And so we actually think this is the start of really leveraging our technology where horizontal
plus a vertical focus brings together just a much different experience on eBay. You think about the level
of trust that we just put in place in those 3 categories, it's really game changing versus where we were
before.

You asked specifically about marketing. There's a lot of things that we're doing specifically in paid social
and using new channels that we haven't used before. That's a key part of it for us. If you think about the
sneaker category as an example, we're bringing on a lot of Gen Z and millennials. So we're going out,
reaching them where they are because when we inquire them in the sneaker category, as we said, they
end up buying in 10 unique categories across the site.

The second thing I'd say on our footprint is, look, we've got some very strong growth in some of our
smaller markets. There's a lot of advantage to the scale of our cross-border trade business where we're
bringing products from very different countries to our smaller countries or exporting out of our smaller
countries and obviously play a role in that. So we continue to believe that those are important, good
growth opportunities not only for the domestic business but also for the cross-border trade that they
bring.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian of Baird.

Colin Alan Sebastian
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Good quarter. I guess given some of the concerns around carrier capacity during the holiday period,
I'm wondering if the long tail of sellers, if they're more impacted by that. Or are your contracts with the
shippers largely protecting them from those bottlenecks? And then looking at active buyer growth, what's
the potential to accelerate that growth over the near term, certainly given the secular shift we're seeing?
Or are you more focused in terms of the marketing efforts on driving engagement with the existing buyers
and the recent cohort adds?

Jamie Iannone
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So on carrier capacity, part of why we did the UPS deal this year was to open up more flexibility and
more options for our sellers. So not only are they going to save a bunch on the rate that they're going to
have on there, but the integration is going to make it really easy for sellers and provide all that tracking
for buyers. So now you have multiple options, even as a small consumer seller, between USPS, UPS
and FedEx. One of the things we have worked on is deals that actually protect them from peak shipping
charges or surcharges over the holiday. So we think the combination of that flexibility of choices, plus the
negotiating on behalf of our community, will work out well for them on the shipping side.

On the active buyer growth, as we talked about, our real third priority is turning buyers into lifelong
enthusiasts, so really focusing on how do we, when we bring in a new buyer, expand them into multiple
categories because we know that drives their LTV. So I used the sneakers example earlier, coming in via
sneakers and ending up buying in 10 categories. It's also a big vision for our push to consumer selling.
This quarter, actually, C2C GMV growth grew faster than our B2C growth. And that push is really because
once we get a buyer to sell, they become more than twice as valuable as a buyer. So that's really our
focus, is on accelerating those things and driving that long-term potential of the people that we're bringing
to the site.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Tom Champion of Piper Sandler.

Thomas Steven Champion
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

On GMV trends, it looks like the growth between the U.S. and international is really starting to diverge,
with international decelerating more. I'm just curious what do you think might account for that or whether
it's all explained by mobility. And then on Managed Payments, it sounds like you added about 300,000
sellers into the program this quarter. And at 5% of revenue, that seems like it's about $130 million in
revenue. Is this approximately the right magnitude?

Andrew John Cring
Interim Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I'll take the third quarter volume, U.S., international. Look, there are differences we see globally. We
indicated on our -- on the call in July that we were seeing continued strength through the month of July in
the U.S. Post-July, we did see some increased moderation in August and September. And we think, at least
in part, driven by the expiration of the U.S. stimulus. So that, in part I think, is a little bit of the strength
you're seeing in the U.S. In addition, too, if you look at mobility and the progress of COVID internationally,
we -- there was a little more mobility sooner, particularly in Germany and the U.K. than we had in the
U.S. So I don't think there's a drastic business shift between any of those regions other than some of the
dynamics associated with the reopening.

I think another important -- just generally on volume, we have -- there's a few things we do see,
consumer behavior patterns are definitely impacted by mobility. That is different depending on location
and country and sometimes state. And I think the other key thing is that the customer and consumer
behavior patterns aren't the same. So as mobility and lockdown happened in April and May, with more
time and less scarcity, some of that behavior is not as drastic as we saw early on in the pandemic. And
then on -- the second part of the question was Managed Payments, yes, your logic is about right on that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju of Crédit Suisse.

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

All right. So Jamie, for some of these categories that you're leaning into, like watches and sneakers, it
seems like there's a greater requirement to work with external parties to either authenticate or refurbish
things. So to some degree, you are putting the eBay brand at risk here with your buyers. So what are
you -- what incremental things are you doing to vet the seller so that you minimize bad behavior? And
second, on the C2C activity ramp, it seems like consumers are not always going to be as savvy as some of
the more professional sellers about providing the correct descriptions for what they're selling. And you're
also going to get merchandise in all kinds of different conditions, which seems like a pretty complicated
structured data problem for your engineers to solve. So can you talk about what you're doing to make
sure that stuff people are putting up for sale are correctly surfaced in search results?

Jamie Iannone
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So on the first one -- thanks, Stephen, for the question. We work with really industry-leading experts
to do the authentication specific for that category and a very intense multi-point inspection to make sure
the product is truly authentic. And so it really kind of -- not only you have the trusted kind of seller piece
in there but every single product, every single sneaker over $100 by the start of next year, will actually
go through a third-party authenticator. And so it really takes the risk away of a potential issue by the time
it gets to the buyer. Even sometimes there could be a mistake, it was missing a piece of documentation,
so the beauty is we're catching all of those things. The same thing in the return, so making sure that the
seller is getting back the product that they actually ship the buyer because the authentication works in
both directions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

So look, it's a really high level of trust. When you look at the community feedback that we've gotten, both
from sellers and buyers, they're incredibly enthusiastic. They know it will bring a lot of new buyers to the
platform. And for sellers, that's what they want. Like we said on the call, the business was growing 50% in
sneakers even before we launched this Authentication Guarantee, so we're excited by it.

On the C2C ramp, it's a huge focus for us. It's using artificial intelligence and technologies to make it
easier for the casual lister to come on the list. So a lot of our listers will use things like sell similar where
they sell a similar product or they sell based off of a specific catalog description. And what you'll see from
us over the coming quarters is continuing to make that process easier to bring more C2C sellers on. It's --
our #1 priority is defending the core, and a huge part of that is consumer selling. I should say that they
also bring a unique inventory to the platform. There's a lot of things that are not being sold by a business
seller. My -- one of my friends was looking for a guitar, a Wii Hero, and that's only -- no one is selling
that B2C anymore. You're only going to get that from a C2C seller. So we like to think about the unique
inventory that it brings to the platform is also really important to us.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of use Youssef Squali of Truist Securities.

Youssef Houssaini Squali
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

A couple of questions here. So just on the Authenticity Guarantee that you're doing for sneakers and
watches so far, can you maybe just speak to -- and I think you also canceled some selling fees on
sneakers of $100 or more. Can you maybe just speak to -- and maybe it's just too early, but just any
uplift you've seen in sales for these 2 particular areas and whether there are any other big categories
which kind of lend themselves do the same thing. And on management payment (sic) [ Managed
Payments ], how is that -- I think you guys talked about it tracking to your own expectations. But just
considering the fact that it seems that you guys have a fair amount of control over that, is there a chance
of seeing you migrate maybe the majority of all sellers globally earlier than expected? And if not, what are
the gating factors there?

Jamie Iannone
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So the change in selling fees on sneakers, we had done a while ago. And what I would say is that
it's very early in that we just launched that a few weeks ago. But the encouraging signs are what -- the
feedback that we're getting from the community of really leaning in and being excited by what this can do
to unlock the category. Watches has been live a little bit longer. And while early, what we're seeing is an
increase in supply on the platform and an increase in average selling price. And if you think about it, that's
really what we want to see, is that higher level of trust is making buyers really more comfortable, which
obviously works out for sellers as well.

What I'm really proud of for the team is that when we talk about Tech-led Reimagination, while it took us
a couple of months to launch that technology for watches, we actually rolled it out a few weeks later for
sneakers. And so we're building capabilities that allow us to compete better in specific verticals, but a lot
of those capabilities can be leveraged across multiple categories, and that excites us.

On the Managed Payments migration, it's important to know that there's still features that we continue
to build out to be able to migrate more of the sellers. So we're right on track. But as an example,
if I'm a seller that ships cross-border to a country that we haven't launched Managed Payments in,
we're not going to convert that seller over to the new Managed Payments platform until we unlock that
country because we don't want them split between the old platform and the new platform. So there's still
capabilities that we're considering to build out, to ramp, and we basically are on track for our plan to be
complete by the end of 2021.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yruma of KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Edward James Yruma
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I guess just to drill down on some of these new categories a little bit more. I know you're using third-party
authentication, but can you kind of help us understand the cost profile around that, whether they have the
ability to scale as the business grows? And then I guess just stepping back, these 3 big announcements,
the refurbished, watches and sneakers, I guess, what are the 3, do you think, would be most significant or
impactful in the medium term?

Jamie Iannone
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So when we look at the authentication costs, we look at it -- in some ways, it's like a marketing
cost when we think about how do we bring new buyers into the platform. So if you look at what we
would have collected in final value fees, for example, on that product versus our cost of acquisition of
bringing in a new buyer for -- who's going to end up buying in 10 unique categories across the site, we're
balancing that all out, and we think it's important. We think there's a lot of potential. And we think it's a
big difference for eBay to have that level of trust in the category.

We haven't talked much about Certified Refurbished on the call yet, but I'm really excited by that. I mean
sneakers clearly has a lot of potential as does watches. But there's tens of billions of dollars in Certified
Refurbished. It's a real sweet spot for eBay. And this brings a whole new level of trust of feeling like you're
buying a like-new product because you have the -- not only all those guarantees, but you have a 2-year
warranty, you have a 30-day hassle-free return along with the eBay money back guarantee. So we just
think it's an important category. We're also seeing brands lean in, like we talked about on the call, and big
brands, and we're just getting started. So we think there's a lot of runway and a huge market opportunity
for us to go after that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Robert Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I just got a couple of questions, mainly on M&A. In terms of like do you have some -- the cash on the
balance sheet, you talked a little bit about that. But I'm just wondering, as you sort of look at especially
the sneaker category, would you consider acquisitions around that category to really accelerate your
positioning and improve it? Maybe if you could just elaborate a little bit on that type of strategy, that
would be helpful.

Jamie Iannone
CEO, President & Director

Yes. We're not going to speculate on kind of specific categories in M&A. What I'd say is we're looking
opportunistically at M&A like we always have, at opportunities where we think we could accelerate the
vision that we laid out on prior earnings calls and always doing things in an asset-light way, like we tend
to do here at eBay in a way that we think enhances shareholder value. So we're going to continue to be
opportunistic on it.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And if I could just follow up on a different topic. But in terms of the ability to sort of grow the
buyers and sellers, can you just talk a little more about like the fourth quarter marketing plans and
advertising in terms of the focus on continuing to bring new buyers and sellers in and the level or the rate
at which you're thinking about that?

Jamie Iannone
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Yes. We're using some new tools and technology over the holiday, really going after some new channels
like paid social, like I talked about before, in addition to the other kind of brand and performance work
that we normally do in the holidays. But really, we're also -- you're also going to see more targeted
marketing from us, and you're seeing it already, where we're focusing on specific campaigns. Like we
had a viral campaign on TikTok for sneakers that went incredibly viral. And you'll see other specific, really
vertical marketing that we're doing to attract the right types of buyers in these categories that we're
leaning in on. So lots of things that we've experimented with, that we're learning from that, that we're
rolling out in the quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley.

Brian Thomas Nowak
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I have 2. Just the first one, I think in the second quarter, you added, I think, it's about 8 million net
buyers sequentially. I know a lot of focus is sort of turning them into broader shoppers and sellers. Can
you talk to us about what you saw on the retention of those buyers that you added in the second quarter?
And are you seeing that expansion into new categories out of them already? And then, Jamie, just now
that you had a few more months in the seat, maybe just talk to us about how you're categorizing low-
hanging fruit areas of improvement that could really change the business trajectory in '21 as opposed to
sort of your longer-term areas of focus?

Jamie Iannone
CEO, President & Director

Sure. So let me start with the latter, and then we'll come back on the buyer one. So if you look at the
types of things that we rolled out this quarter, it's indicative of where our focus areas are. So when you
think about defend the core, it's really around how do we go after the non-new in-season and help grow
that business. We see a big kind of $500 billion TAM there. And like I talked about last quarter, these
are not big bang releases. I think about our payments business as a 2-year build for a release. Here, I
think what we're working on is a lot of releases throughout the year of different capabilities and hopefully,
continuing, like I talked about before, of launching something and then being able to roll it out to other
categories, other countries, et cetera, on a pretty frequent basis. And that's how we're thinking about it,
it's a multiyear journey with a lot of wins along the way.

Andy, do you want to take the buyer one?

Andrew John Cring
Interim Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Yes, Brian. Look, we saw in the second quarter, clearly, a significant disruption in a lot of areas and
scarcity in certain areas, in the supply chain and the distribution. That drove a lot of people shopping
online. And we did see some incremental activity from the cohort acquired at the end of the first and then
the beginning of the second. What we've seen in the third is it's reverting to a more normalized buyer
acquisition trend and a more normalized repurchase frequency for those cohorts. So not performing above
all cohorts and certainly not performing any worse than buyers in the past. What we have seen consistent
across both quarters is just the volume of GMV and the amount of GMV per buyer both for existing buyers
and new buyers at higher levels than we've seen in the past.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, there is no more time for questions. This concludes today's conference. Thank you
for attending. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EBAY INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

