Eli Lilly and Company NYSE:LLY
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 27, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.71

1.54

(9.94 %)

1.93

7.29

7.97

Revenue  (mm)

5866.56

5740.60

(2.15 %)

6599.94

23794.33

25968.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2020 12:11 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.52

1.48

1.60

1.71

1.73

1.75

1.89

1.54

13.82 %

18.24 %

18.12 %

(9.94 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly
Oncology

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer &
President of Lilly Research Labs

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly
Diabetes

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Patrik Jonsson
Senior VP, Chief Customer Officer
& President of Lilly USA

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

ANALYSTS

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Gregory B. Gilbert
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Lilly's Q3 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator
Instructions] And as a reminder, your conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Kevin Hern. Please go ahead.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q3 2020 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Hern,
Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chairman and CEO;
Josh Smiley, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer; Anne White, President
of Lilly Oncology; Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly USA; Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes; and Ilya
Yuffa, President of Lilly Bio-Medicines. We're also joined by Sara Smith and Mike Czapar of the Investor
Relations team.

During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on
our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including
those noted on Slide 3. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially is contained in Lilly's latest Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K.

The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment
community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions.

As we transition to our prepared remarks, I’ll remind you that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP
financial measures, which exclude the financial contribution from Elanco during 2019, and present
earnings per share as though the full disposition via the exchange offer was complete on January 1, 2019.

Now I'll turn the call over to Dave for some opening comments.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Kevin. Q3 was another important quarter for Lilly and the pharmaceutical industry's progress in
developing new medicines to treat COVID-19. I'm very proud of Lilly's work. And we'll go into detail of the
promising advancements made this quarter. However, I'd like to start by summarizing our overall business
performance.

Clearly, this quarter's financial results came in below sell-side analyst projections. While we don't provide
quarterly guidance, I'll make a few high-level comments on several factors that did impact our Q3 results.
And then Josh will go into more detail later.

First, as we've seen -- as we've discussed in the past, the impact of price on revenue can be volatile in
the U.S. as we make estimates for rebates and discounts, obligations during the coverage gap of Medicare
Part D patient assistance programs and other liabilities. During Q3, the magnitude of adjustments was
meaningful, predominantly related to our assumptions regarding our obligation during the coverage gap in
Medicare Part D for Trulicity. While the impact was notable in Q3, this source of volatility normalizes when
analyzing our results over the first 9 months as well as for the full year.

In addition, while we are encouraged new prescriptions are trending toward pre-COVID levels, the
recovery varies by class. We view this important -- this impact as transient. We remain confident in the
underlying business and continue to manage our operations to deliver success over the long term.

From an operating expense standpoint, we made significant investments in R&D to develop COVID-19
treatments. While we've spoken before about our efforts to develop COVID-19 treatments, we've not

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

quantified that investment level. In Q3, we were fortunate to see positive clinical data from multiple trials.
And this activity had an impact of about $0.12 on Q3 earnings per share.

Finally, after taking a pause on active promotion in Q2 to respect the impact that COVID-19 had on
medical practices, we increased our investments in customer-facing activity and direct-to-consumer
marketing in Q3 in order to accelerate our growth. While this did create a step-up compared to our
investment level in SG&A in Q2 2020 and versus Q3 2019, we believe our progress in Q3 sets us up for a
strong finish to the year and to provide meaningful momentum into 2021.

We have a number of opportunities to drive this growth through these investments in our existing
commercial portfolio. These include our unique CV indication for Trulicity and the recently launched higher
doses; pulling through access wins for Taltz and launching the recently approved non-radiographic ax
by indication; and driving increased uptake of Verzenio through our differentiated data package, just to
highlight a few.

Looking at the underlying trends in Q3. We delivered revenue growth of 5% or 4%, excluding the impact
of foreign exchange. Despite disruptions on new patient starts from the global pandemic, volume growth
was solid, increasing by 9% versus Q3 2019.

Our key growth products continue to be the catalyst for our business performance and made up over half
of our revenue during the quarter. International performance in Europe and China was particularly strong
as constant currency revenue grew 9% and 10%, respectively, driven by our newest products.

For the first 9 months of the year, our revenue grew by 6% driven by 12% volume growth. This growth
was delivered during a period of significant disruption. The ways we launch new medicines, execute clinical
trials and manufacture our products have all been meaningfully changed during the pandemic, with some
adjustments likely to remain as our business continues to evolve.

We are proud of our efforts to ensure patients have access to medicines by maintaining our manufacturing
plants and continuous operation and by developing potential new treatments for COVID-19.

Operating margin as a percent of revenue was 26.2% for the third quarter. This is a decline of 230 basis
points versus Q3 2019 but was depressed by $125 million that we invested in COVID-19 therapies during
the quarter. Excluding these exceptional activities, operating margin was 28.4%.

We have confidence in our outlook and expect to deliver financial results within our updated guidance
range, with all lines at or above our original 2020 guidance and to achieve our operating margin expansion
plans, excluding our investments in COVID-19 treatments. The fundamentals of our business are strong.
And we remain well positioned for a period of sustained growth and margin expansion.

Turning to the pipeline. In Q3, we made meaningful progress advancing our late-stage pipeline and
developing potential COVID-19 treatments, including FDA approval of additional doses for Trulicity for the
treatment of type 2 diabetes; an important data readout for Verzenio in early breast cancer; approval in
Europe for Olumiant in adults with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis; positive Phase III results from
the ACTT-2 trial of baricitinib in combination with remdesivir in hospitalized COVID-19 patients; positive
results of our COVID-19 neutralizing antibody monotherapy and combination therapies; and we presented
new data on a potential new indication for Jardiance in collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim.

I'm encouraged by our company's efforts to develop potential new therapies to treat COVID-19 and
working at unprecedented speed. This work would not have been possible without the tireless efforts of
many employees of Lilly and the collaborative efforts across the industry, regulators and government.

We continue to utilize external innovation and collaboration to augment our internal capabilities. This
quarter, we signed a number of business development transactions, including the global expansion of our
TYVYT collaboration with Innovent. At the same time, we utilized our strong cash flow to return nearly
$700 million to shareholders via the dividend.

Moving to Slides 5 and 6, you'll see the full list of key events since our last earnings call. I would like
to welcome Ilya Yuffa to our executive team as he assumes leadership for our Bio-Medicines business

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

unit; a 25-year veteran with a tremendous breadth of experience across our organization, from finance,
business development and sales to Six Sigma, ethics and compliance and general management. Ilya
has consistently delivered impressive results in successful larger roles that -- successively larger roles,
which have prepared him well to lead Lilly Bio-Medicines. After serving as General Manager of Italy since
2018, Ilya has been leading Lilly's largest franchise, U.S. Diabetes, where he played a critical role in the
continued success of the market-leading medicine, Trulicity, as well as Jardiance in the 2 fastest-growing
classes in diabetes. Ilya, it's great to have you on our leadership team.

I'd also like to thank Patrik for his energy, focus and execution that he brought to his time as President
of Lilly Bio-Medicines. Given Patrik's strong record of successfully managing Lilly businesses in complex
markets around the world, he is the right enterprise leader to lead Lilly USA and our global customer-
focused functions during this exciting period of opportunity and growth as we look to continue to deliver
new medicines to patients.

Before I turn the call over to Josh to review our Q3 results and to provide an update on our financial
guidance for 2020, I want to discuss briefly certain events at one of our manufacturing facilities located
in Branchburg, New Jersey. Late last year, our Branchburg plant underwent a routine FDA general
surveillance inspection. The inspectors identified findings related to data handling, and we received
an official action-indicated notice as well as a follow-up inspection this year. We have not received a
warning letter or other enforcement letter from the FDA at this time. Given that this plant is among
several worldwide that produces bamlanivimab or Lilly SARS-CoV555, one of our COVID-19 neutralizing
antibodies, I want to share more information about our response to these inspections.

First, we are confident the issues raised during the inspections did not impact product quality or patient
safety for bamlanivimab or for any other product manufactured at the Branchburg plant. Having said that,
we and I take remediation of these data handling issues and our commitment to quality and safety very
seriously. We engaged an external firm to conduct a comprehensive independent review of systems at
the Branchburg site, and we are working diligently to incorporate suggestions for improvement to our
procedures.

We have also had this firm perform independent reviews of our manufacturing of bamlanivimab at
Branchburg to examine our manufacturing batch records and quality documentation to corroborate our
own batch release decisions as we submit for supply of bamlanivimab from Branchburg for the Emergency
Use Authorization we requested. We are confident in the material at this facility and, frankly, at all of our
sites.

Finally, for our neutralizing antibodies, we have a robust global supply chain in place with 5 active
ingredient manufacturing sites worldwide in addition to 5 additional drug product sites worldwide.
Branchburg is one of the active ingredient sites. Once we are approved to do so, our resilient global
network is well positioned to begin the supply as we help battle this global pandemic.

Now let me turn it over to Josh.

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone.

Moving to Slide 7 and 8, you will see our non-GAAP financial performance in Q3 and during the first 9
months of 2020. As Dave mentioned, revenue increased 5% this quarter compared to Q3 2019 as key
growth products drove volume growth. Gross margin as a percent of revenue in Q3 was 79.1%, a decline
of 50 basis points versus Q3 2019 driven primarily by the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange rates
on international inventories sold and lower realized prices, partially offset by favorable manufacturing
efficiencies and product mix.

Moving down the P&L. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 11% this quarter compared
to Q3 2019 as we invested meaningfully in direct-to-consumer marketing to augment our virtual tactics,
increasing promotion to physicians and consumers in connection with increases in health care utilization
around the world.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

As I will discuss in our guidance in a few minutes, we see the absolute level of third quarter SG&A
expenses as indicative of our fourth quarter expenditures as well, which keeps us on track for our full year
ranges and modest full year growth.

Research and development expenses increased by 6% in the quarter driven primarily by our efforts to
develop COVID-19 neutralizing antibodies and baricitinib for hospitalized COVID-19 patients, partially
offset by lower development expenses for late-stage assets. In total, operating income decreased 4%
compared to Q3 2019 as increased investments, including COVID-19-related R&D expenses, exceeded
revenue growth during the quarter. We expect the increased marketing activity and customer activation to
drive additional revenue growth going forward.

During the first 9 months of 2020, operating income increased by 7% as revenue growth outpaced
operating expense growth. Operating income as a percent of revenue was 26.2% during the third quarter
and 28.1% for the first 9 months of 2020. As Dave mentioned earlier, our investments in COVID-19
therapies represent an investment outside of our normal business operations. So excluding R&D expenses
of $180 million associated with these important programs, our operating margin during the first 9 months
of 2020 would have been 29.2%. And consistent with our guidance, we expect continued improvement in
Q4.

We continue to allocate resources efficiently in an environment where COVID-19 is likely to have an
impact for a sustained period of time. We've made the transition to a hybrid virtual and in-person
commercial model to support executing our strategy. And we're committed to margin expansion in 2020
and beyond.

Other income and expense was income of $159 million this quarter compared to expense of $25 million
in Q3 2019. This quarter's other income was primarily driven by investment gains across our portfolio of
public and private biopharma company investments as part of our external innovation strategy. As we
regularly highlight, this line can be volatile as public and private equity valuations fluctuate.

We've received quite a bit of investor feedback on this item. So beginning in 2021, we will exclude the
gains or losses due to equity investments from our non-GAAP measures. We believe this will better align
our non-GAAP results with our core business operations, allow for easier comparisons with our peer group
and remove unpredictable volatility.

This quarter, our tax rate was 15.5%, an increase of 380 basis points compared with the same quarter
last year driven by the mix of earnings in higher-tax jurisdictions and lower net discrete tax benefit
this quarter versus the same quarter last year. While we expect some quarterly variability, we remain
comfortable with long-term expectations of roughly 14% to 15% tax rate under the current U.S. corporate
tax structure. At the bottom line, earnings per share increased 4%. During the first 9 months of 2020,
earnings per share increased 20%.

On Slides 9 and 10, we describe the effect of price, rate and volume on revenue. Worldwide revenue
increased 5% during Q3 as volume growth of 9% was partially offset by price. Foreign exchange rates
had a 1% positive impact on revenue growth. During the first 9 months of 2020, revenue grew 6% driven
by volume growth of 12%. Price was a 6% drag on worldwide growth or 4% if you exclude the impact of
Alimta and TYVYT in China.

U.S. revenue grew 3% compared to the third quarter of 2019. Volume growth of 7% was led by Trulicity,
Taltz and Verzenio, partially offset by increased competition for Forteo and the impact on Tradjenta from
the restructuring of the BI alliance.

In line with our expectations, price was a 4% drag on U.S. revenue growth. 3 percentage points were due
to changes to estimates for rebates and discounts, most notably impacting Trulicity. 1 percentage point
was due to the net impact of increased rebates across the portfolio to maintain our strong commercial
access, partially offset by modest list price increases.

And while typically we do not discuss detailed pricing dynamics for individual products, I will provide
some additional commentary on the impact of price on Trulicity performance in Q3. In prior quarters,
we assumed our Part D coverage gap liability would shift to later in the year due to short-term deferral

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

of health care utilization caused by the impact of COVID-19 and the increased threshold for entry into
the coverage gap. However, informed by recent invoices from our Part D customers, we now anticipate
similar patterns to prior years. So this resulted in updated estimates that led to a meaningful impact on
Q3 results and a double-digit drag on Trulicity's growth rate. Our estimated coverage gap impact for the
full year, though, is largely unchanged.

Excluding the impact of the onetime adjustments, Trulicity's price declined by high single digits in the third
quarter versus Q3 2019 and low double digits for the first 9 months of 2020. We expect a high single-digit
price decline for Trulicity for the full year.

Last year, we guided toward a mid-single-digit price decline for Trulicity. We expected this to be driven by
increasing rebate rates to maintain our excellent access, partially offset by modest list price increases and
modest growth in more highly rebated segments. As 2020 has unfolded, the negative impact of price on
Trulicity growth had been higher than we expected primarily due to segment mix.

On Slide 10, we show the impact of segment mix and rate on Trulicity growth in 2019 and 2020. While
rate was a pricing headwind, the net impact of modest list price increases and increased rebate rates has
been mid-single digits or lower, which is consistent with our expectations.

Moving to segment mix. While the commercial segment continues to deliver robust growth, lower net price
segments have grown significantly faster. This depressed Trulicity's reported growth by approximately 7
percentage points in 2019 and 6 percentage points through the first 9 months of 2020. This continued
growth in 2020 exceeded our expectations and was primarily driven by Medicaid and, to a lesser extent,
Medicare and other segments.

Within Medicaid, we experienced formulary changes in key states, faster-than-anticipated pull-through of
access wins and expansion of total Medicaid lives this year. Trulicity currently has a 45% share of market
across all segments and continues to be the market-leading GLP-1. We exited Q3 with a similar share of
market in the commercial segment. However, consistent with volume growth, we gained 4.5 percentage
points of share in Medicaid and other segment since Q1 2019 and finished the quarter at a 38% share of
market.

It's worth noting that utilization of GLP-1s as a class is still immature, and low market penetration
suggests significant opportunity for additional growth across all segments. GLP-1s are used less in
Medicaid and Medicare, and we expect disproportionate volume growth in these segments to continue.
Although these volume gains have a lower realized price in our commercial business, they do represent
profitable business and enable Trulicity to help more people living with diabetes.

So as we project into 2021, we expect continued strong Trulicity access and performance across all
segments with modest unit price declines and continued faster growth in lower price segments to result in
high single-digit total net price declines in 2021. However, I would note that this faster segment growth,
which contributes to the net price decline, also shows up as higher overall prescription growth for GLP-1s
as well.

Our outlook for total U.S. pricing trends remains unchanged, and we continue to expect mid-single-digit
price declines for the full year in 2020 as well as moving into 2021. This mid-single-digit price decline
outlook includes, as we noted last quarter, a modest impact in 2020 from the effect of increased U.S.
unemployment on segment mix as well as approximately $100 million to $200 million of impact in 2021.

Okay. Moving to Europe. Revenue grew 9% in constant currency as volume grew by 10%, partially offset
by price. Volume growth was positively impacted by Alimta in Germany due to our patent appeal victory
and a court-ordered injunction against generics that had entered the market as well as Trulicity, Taltz,
Olumiant and Verzenio.

In Japan, revenue grew 1% in constant currency as 5% volume growth was partially offset by
government-mandated price decreases that were effective March 2020. Japan revenue benefited from
a onetime sale of Cialis as well as good volume growth from Verzenio and Trulicity, partially offset by
increased competition for Forteo.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

In China, revenue grew 10% in constant currency driven by 51% volume growth, partially offset by pricing
concessions from the inclusion of TYVYT and Alimta in government-sponsored programs. These programs
helped drive China's significant volume growth, which substantially increased access for patients to these
important cancer medicines. We're excited about the momentum of our China oncology business and look
forward to receiving regulatory action on Verzenio in the coming months.

Outside of our oncology portfolio in China, recently launched products, Trulicity, Taltz, Jardiance and
Olumiant, continue to have strong uptake. Revenue in the rest of the world increased 3% in constant
currency driven by increased volume from our key growth products. Strong performance from Trulicity,
Jardiance and Olumiant, was partially offset by decreased Humalog, Forteo, Cialis and Humulin volume.

As shown on Slide 11, our key growth products continue to drive impressive worldwide volume growth.
These new medicines delivered nearly 13 percentage points of volume growth this quarter. The strong
volume trend in our key products was partially offset by a mix of competition and lower utilization of post-
LOE product for Forteo as well as reduced Tradjenta royalties from the restructuring of our alliance with
Boehringer Ingelheim announced last year. We end the first 9 months of 2020 pleased that our key growth
products have contributed approximately 15% year-to-date volume growth.

Slide 12 highlights the contributions of our key growth products. In total, these brands generated nearly
$3 billion in revenue this quarter, making up 52% of revenue. Though our key products are well positioned
to drive strong performance over the long term, we continue to see an impact from reduced patient
starts due to COVID-19. In Q3, we were encouraged to see new patient starts recover off the troughs
experienced in Q2 as the health system reopened around the world. While different classes have recorded
different rates, most classes remain 10% to 20% below pre-COVID baselines.

On Slide 13, we provide an update on capital allocation. During the first 9 months of 2020, we invested
nearly $6 billion to drive our future growth through a combination of business development, capital
expenditures and after-tax investment in R&D, including the addition of lebrikizumab in a number of early
stage agreements. In addition, we returned over $2.5 billion to shareholders via share repurchase and the
dividend.

We remain well capitalized and have the ability to access debt markets at attractive rates. We expect to
continue to enhance our long-term growth by acquiring first or best-in-class pipeline assets, and we do not
anticipate COVID impacts regarding travel or market uncertainty to affect our efforts.

Moving to Slide 14, you'll find our updated 2020 financial guidance, and this is based on our best
estimates at this time. Key assumptions supporting the guidance include health care activity will continue
the positive trend seen in Q3, returning to historical levels as doctors utilize telehealth or in-person visits
despite additional COVID-19 outbreaks. New patient prescriptions will continue to improve in the U.S.
Pricing headwinds from increased utilization of patient affordability programs and changes in segment mix
due to increased U.S. unemployment will continue to be modest. And promotional spend will constitute
a mix of in-person customer interactions, direct-to-consumer advertising and investments in digital
promotion.

While uncertainty remains regarding resurgent waves of COVID-19 and any resulting impact on the pace
of economic recovery around the world, we do believe health care activity will continue to be a priority and
that most patients will find ways to access health care.

So based on these assumptions, we're maintaining our current full year revenue range. At the low end of
the range, year-over-year sales growth in Q4 would be 8% to 9%, which, while a step-up from our third
quarter growth rate, is supported by current volume trends and our expectations of more limited price
impacts in the U.S. Achieving the higher end of the range likely requires some moderate sales from our
COVID antibody, which we believe is possible but, of course, not certain at this point.

Moving down the income statement. Our gross margin as a percent of revenue is unchanged on a GAAP
and non-GAAP basis. We are narrowing our range for marketing, selling and administrative expenses to
$6.0 billion to $6.1 billion. We are narrowing our range for research and development expenses to $5.8
billion to $5.9 billion, with investment in COVID-19 treatments of approximately $400 million for the full

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

year likely to push us to the high end of our range as Lilly continues to self-fund these programs. We
believe these investments are critical to help combat the global pandemic.

We are noting that our non-GAAP operating income as a percent of revenue goal of 31% excludes our
substantial investments in COVID-19 treatments and any associated revenue with them. Inclusive of these
costs, we expect an operating margin of approximately 29%. While these investments put near-term
pressure on our operating margin, they continue to be the right decision for our company and for society.
And post launch, we do expect these therapies to be accretive to our operating income.

We're updating the range of other income and expense to $450 million to $600 million of income,
reflecting additional gains in our equity portfolio seen in the third quarter. As previously mentioned, this
number is subject to volatility of the capital markets.

Turning to taxes. We're maintaining our GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate guidance at approximately
14%. Earnings per share are unchanged on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP EPS is expected to be in the
range of $6.20 to $6.40. As I noted with the revenue range, EPS totals in Q4 will be highly dependent
on COVID sales, which is why we're maintaining a pretty broad $0.20 range as we head into the fourth
quarter.

We exit Q3 well positioned to continue delivering revenue growth and productivity despite the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic. We're proud of the investments we are making to help combat COVID-19 and
are confident in the underlying strength of our business and our ability to overcome challenges. Based on
our current outlook for Q4, we believe we'll exit the year with strong underlying momentum for 2021.

So I'll now turn the call over to Dan to provide an update on our ongoing efforts to develop treatments for
COVID-19, a summary of key data disclosures in Q3 and an overall pipeline update.

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Thanks, Josh. Since our last call, we've made meaningful progress developing potential treatments for
COVID-19, advancing key assets in our pipeline and presenting practice-changing clinical trial data at
major medical meetings.

I'll begin with updates to our COVID-19 viral neutralizing antibody program, then I'll provide an update on
the full pipeline, and I'll finish by highlighting key events since the last quarter.

Moving to Slide 15. Lilly is testing single-antibody therapy as well as combinations of antibodies in several
trials across 2 different patient populations: first, in the treatment of recently diagnosed ambulatory
patients; and second, in the prophylactic or preventative setting amongst nursing home residents and
staff.

A third more severely ill population, i.e. hospitalized patients, has been studied in the ACTIV-3 trial only.
This clinical trial is being run by the NIH and is the only study evaluating the efficacy of bamlanivimab,
also known as LY-CoV555, in hospitalized COVID-19 patients.

Based on an updated data set from the trial reviewed yesterday by the independent Data and Safety
Monitoring Board, no additional COVID-19 patients in this hospitalized setting will receive bamlanivimab.
The board's recommendation was based on trial data suggesting that the addition of bamlanivimab to
remdesivir and other treatments used in the hospitalized setting is unlikely to further help hospitalized
COVID-19 patients recover from this advanced stage of their disease. In this updated data set, differences
in safety outcomes between the bamlanivimab and placebo groups were not significant.

Importantly, all other studies of bamlanivimab remain ongoing, including ACTIV-2, the NIH-sponsored
study in recently diagnosed mild to moderate COVID-19 patients; BLAZE-1, Lilly's ongoing Phase II trial
in people recently diagnosed with COVID-19 in the ambulatory setting, which is studying bamlanivimab
as monotherapy and in combination with etesevimab, also known as LY-CoV016; and BLAZE-2, Lilly's
Phase III study of bamlanivimab for the prevention of COVID-19 in residents and staff at long-term care
facilities.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

While there was insufficient evidence from ACTIV-3 that bamlanivimab improved clinical outcomes when
added to other treatments in hospitalized patients with COVID-19, we remain confident based on data
from Lilly's BLAZE-1 study that bamlanivimab monotherapy may prevent progression of disease for those
earlier in the course of COVID-19.

While the results in hospitalized patients were disappointing, we don't expect this to affect our chances of
success in prophylaxis or in early treatment. And we thank the patients, physicians and staff participating
in all clinical trials of our neutralizing antibodies, including ACTIV-3.

Regarding the Lilly-sponsored COVID-19 neutralizing antibody program, we made key advances in
the third quarter, which include: We initiated BLAZE-2, the Phase III trial studying post-exposure
prophylaxis for residents and staff in nursing homes. We reported proof-of-concept data for bamlanivimab
monotherapy in BLAZE-1, demonstrating a reduction in hospitalizations and ER visits in the outpatient
setting. We reported that the combination therapy of bamlanivimab and etesevimab met the primary and
secondary end points at an interim analysis of BLAZE-1, significantly reducing viral load and symptoms as
well as meaningfully reducing hospitalizations and ER visits in the outpatient setting.

And we submitted a request for Emergency Use Authorization to the FDA for bamlanivimab monotherapy
in higher-risk patients who have been recently diagnosed with mild to moderate COVID-19.

We were particularly encouraged to show that neutralizing antibodies can help people clear virus more
quickly, improve symptoms and, most importantly, prevent serious medical outcomes, like hospitalizations
and ER visits. Notably, the pooled data of monotherapy and combination therapy showed a reduction of
hospitalizations and ER visits of greater than 75% across all patients. In addition, the monotherapy and
combination therapy had an even larger effect size in high-risk patients, defined by body mass index or
age.

We've now dosed approximately 1,000 trial participants with bamlanivimab alone or in combination
with etesevimab. And we've shared safety and tolerability data for more than 400 patients in the
monotherapy and combination therapy arms of BLAZE-1 on our call earlier this month, where we noted
that monotherapy and combination therapy were both generally well tolerated with no significant safety
concerns. No clinically meaningful differences in treatment-emergent adverse events were observed across
the treatment groups, and the majority of treatment-emergent adverse events were mild to moderate in
severity. And there have been no drug-related serious adverse events reported thus far.

We continue to recruit patients in BLAZE-1. While the FDA is still reviewing our request for EUA for
monotherapy, we will soon be ready to request Emergency Use Authorization for combination therapy. And
we intend to submit that request to the FDA as early as November.

Another achievement this quarter as part of our efforts to develop potential treatments for COVID-19
was the positive outcome of baricitinib in NIH-sponsored ACTT-2 trial of hospitalized COVID-19 patients.
Baricitinib, in combination with remdesivir, significantly reduced time to recovery and improved clinical
outcomes. A numerical decrease in mortality compared to remdesivir alone was also demonstrated. These
results were most pronounced in patients receiving oxygen.

Based on these data, we submitted a request for Emergency Use Authorization for baricitinib to the FDA.
And global regulatory discussions are ongoing. With 2 submissions to the FDA this month for requests
for Emergency Use Authorizations and with our neutralizing antibody combination therapy providing a
potential for a third in November, I'm particularly proud of the progress we've made over such a short
period of time to rapidly develop potential new solutions to aid physicians and patients in the battle
against this pandemic.

Moving to Slide 16. You can see our select pipeline opportunities as of October 20. Movement since our
last earnings call includes approval for Trulicity alternative dose, approval for baricitinib in moderate
to severe atopic dermatitis, the previously mentioned initiation of the BLAZE-2 Phase III trial, the
advancement of 2 immunology programs into Phase II, the initiation of 2 Phase I programs and the
termination of a Phase I diabetes asset and termination of our Ang-2 antibodies Phase II proof-of-concept
study in COVID-19 due to futility.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

We also saw results from the Phase II trial of mevidalen, our D1-positive allosteric modulator in patients
with Lewy body disease. While we were disappointed that the study did not meet its primary cognitive
endpoint at week 12, mevidalen did show encouraging motor and non-motor benefits. And we are
evaluating the next steps for this program at this time.

In addition, Pfizer and Lilly have been informed by the U.S. FDA that the agency intends to hold an
advisory committee meeting, likely in the March 2021 time frame, to discuss the tanezumab application.
As a result, the FDA's review will obviously extend beyond the current December 2020 PDUFA date.
However, the FDA has not provided a new action date.

The agency communicated that its review of the application is ongoing and it has not requested any
new clinical studies to be completed at this time. Pfizer and Lilly will continue to work with the FDA as it
completes its review of the application.

Moving to Slide 17. We provide an update on our 2020 key events. The first 9 months of 2020 have been
incredibly productive, as highlighted by a significant number of positive key milestones. With only a few
exceptions, we've delivered on the key events that we outlined back in December 2019. And we've added
several more safeguards.

Most notably, since the last earnings call, we've had regulatory approvals for important new indications
and line extensions for Trulicity, Taltz and Olumiant. In collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, we also
presented results from EMPEROR-Reduced trial in patients with heart failure with reduced ejection fraction
or HFrEF. Jardiance demonstrated a 25% reduction in cardiovascular death or heart failure hospitalization.

In addition, Jardiance had a positive effect in key secondary endpoints, including first hospitalization for
heart failure and an exploratory renal composite endpoint. EMPEROR-Reduced included patients with and
without diabetes. And these data are encouraging to expand the use of Jardiance in patients with HFrEF.
They also add to the existing body of evidence showing that cardiovascular and renal benefits of Jardiance,
as first demonstrated in the EMPA-REG OUTCOME trial. We're on track to submit these data to regulators
later this year and look forward to the EMPEROR-Preserved trial in HFpEF in 2021.

We also presented important data for Verzenio in early breast cancer at the virtual ESMO meeting this
quarter confirming that Verzenio is the only CDK4/6 inhibitor to demonstrate a benefit in this population
and the first advancement for these patients in almost 2 decades. Verzenio showed a 25% reduction
in risk of cancer recurrence at a 2-year landmark analysis. Verzenio also reduced the risk of distant
metastasis by 28%, an essential objective for any novel therapy in HR-positive, HER2-negative early
breast cancer, as distant recurrence is currently an incurable event. This is an important observation that
bodes well for overall survival since according to published literature, improvements in distant relapse-free
survival have been shown to be a leading indicator for improved overall survival.

The monarchE study is ongoing. Study participants will remain on trial and continue to be followed,
and additional results will be presented in the future. As we stated previously, we intend to submit for
regulatory review by the end of the year. We anticipate a standard review time line with the FDA.

While there have been many positive pipeline events already this year, we still have 2 important readouts
to come yet this year and a number of updates that will occur during the first half of 2021. Before year-
end, we'll present additional data from the Phase I/II BRUIN study for LOXO-305, our BTK inhibitor. We'll
also have top line results from SURPASS-1, the first Phase III trial to read out from the tirzepatide type 2
diabetes program.

SURPASS-1 is a placebo-controlled monotherapy trial. We look forward to sharing these data in the
coming months for this important program that we believe will raise the bar for treatment expectations for
patients with type 2 diabetes.

We have a lot of momentum in R&D at Lilly, which will carry into 2021, where we have a number of
additional data readouts, including the remainder of the registrational Phase III tirzepatide type 2 diabetes
trials; Phase III data for mirikizumab in ulcerative colitis; Phase III data for lebrikizumab in atopic
dermatitis; Phase III Jardiance HFpEF data; Phase II data from 2 Alzheimer's trials, including an important

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

readout from our plaque-clearing antibody, donanemab, expected early in Q1 2021. We remain excited
about the potential of this molecule to make a real difference for patients with Alzheimer's disease.

Finally, we look forward to multiple potential proof-of-concept studies from our early stage portfolios in
immunology, neuroscience, diabetes and oncology. We've risen to the challenge this year as we engaged in
the fight against COVID-19. We showed our adaptability and commitment to developing medicines through
innovative ways. I'm inspired by the indefatigable effort by our teams in their pursuit of new medicines for
patients.

Dave, back to you for some closing remarks.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Dan. 2020 has been a difficult yet remarkable year. Despite challenges and the resulting
choppiness of our quarterly results, we've delivered volume-driven growth of 6% through the first 3
quarters of this year. Excluding investments in COVID-19 therapies, we've expanded our operating margin
by 160 basis points compared to the first 3 quarters of 2019. We've made meaningful progress this year
on our innovation-based strategy, launching 3 new medicines and a number of NILEX, delivering important
data readouts for key pipeline molecules and developing and submitting EUAs for potential treatment for
a virus unknown to the world at this time last year. And over the next few months, we have several highly
anticipated pipeline readouts on deck.

We continue to look for opportunities to augment the future growth of our company through business
development and then return excess capital to shareholders. While the COVID-19 pandemic will continue
to challenge us, the growth products in our commercial portfolio, limited patent expiry in the next 5 years
and margin expansion opportunities before us as well as upcoming data readouts in the pipeline, I like our
prospects. And I thank my Lilly teammates for persevering and performing amidst a year of challenges to
continue to deliver meaningful innovation for the patients we serve.

This concludes our prepared remarks. And now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to moderate the Q&A.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dave. [Operator Instructions]
Lois, please provide the instructions for the Q&A session and then we're ready for the first caller.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Louise Chen from Cantor.

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

So my first question for you is why didn't you lower or tighten your 2020 guidance and leave the antibody
sales as upside? Are you having a high degree of conviction behind this Emergency Use Authorization? Or
are you seeing some positive trends shape up for the fourth quarter?

And then my follow-up question is what are your thoughts on the upcoming FDA AdCom meeting to review
BIIB's aducanumab? Do you think this will close the door on Alzheimer's drug development or herald a
new beginning?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Louise. We'll go to Josh for the first question on guidance and then Dan to the question on the
FDA Adcom.

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Louise. Yes, I think as we look at sales guidance and on the implied Q4 absolute numbers, we
see the trends now. We're at the end of October. I think we feel good about the lower end of the range, for
sure, based on just commercial performance of our products around the world.

We have submitted an EUA. Dan talked about the data behind that. So I think it's reasonable to include a
potential upside associated with some sales of that antibody to governments around the world in Q4. Of
course, it is uncertain. That is why we've kept the range.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. Dan?

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Yes. Thanks, Louise, for the question on the adu AdCom. Of course, like everyone else, we'll be watching
it with a great interest, but I don't think I can handicap it one way or the other. The way I see it, the
important observation here is around the evidence lowering plaques can lead to cognitive benefits in
Alzheimer's disease. I think we've seen it across a couple of data presentations now. And that's what gives
us confidence in our own donanemab, our N3pG antibody that's currently in Phase II.

Just as a reminder, this is a pretty large Phase II. We've designed it with special care, enrolling a very
homogenous group of patients so that it could be powered to show us an efficacy signal, if present. And
we look forward to seeing that data early next year.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Louise, thanks for your questions.

Operator

The next caller is Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

I have a question on tirzepatide. Important event coming up, your first readout of Phase III. Can you
characterize your level of confidence that the Phase III results will wow investors kind of like the Phase II
results did? It's notable that analysts already carry a $5 billion number for this, which is a high number.
And I'm wondering if you can talk about both efficacy and tolerability and safety relative to Phase II in
terms of what you expect. I know that's asking you to predict how these readouts go, but it's what we
have to do as investors. So it'd be great to get your best guess on that.

And related to that question, how much data can we realistically expect that you'll provide in the top line
press release?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Tim. We'll go to Mike Mason for those questions.

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly Diabetes

Yes. Thanks for the question. We appreciate it. We've never been more excited about our tirzepatide
program. In our Phase II type 2 diabetes studies, 43% of people on tirzepatide had reached a final A1c of
5.7%, which is normal A1c, versus only 2% for the market leader, Trulicity. 34% of people on tirzepatide
lost more than 15% of their body weight versus 2% for Trulicity.

And tirzepatide will be delivered in the same patient-friendly device as Trulicity. Tirzepatide has the
opportunity to become a foundational treatment for someone living with type 2 diabetes that not only
need A1c control but could benefit from significant weight loss, which brings additional metabolic health
benefits.

Further, we're very excited about what tirzepatide can do in obesity and NASH. As you take a look at the
results from SURPASS-1 later this year, we'll get the results. We'll issue a press release. That will likely
be top line results. We won't have full data, be able to do a full analysis. That will come later at medical
meetings in 2021.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Mike. Tim, thanks for your questions.

Operator

And that will come from Umer Raffat from Evercore ISI.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I have one for Dan and one for Dave, if I may. Perhaps, maybe starting with you, Dave. On the
Alzheimer's A4 trial, you've previously expressed openness to possibly taking an interim analysis. I know
you have 2 years plus of follow-up by now already, maybe 3 years of follow-up by next year. Is that
something you're still open to? Just wanted to hear your thoughts.

And then, Dan, there's a little bit of confusion on tirzepatide, perhaps in part because both the clin trials
as well as the Lilly slide suggest the trial had a primary completion in October. But when I map out when
the last patient entered, which was first week of February, and add in the 40 weeks, which is a primary
endpoint, it doesn't look like the trials met the primary endpoint yet in all the patients. And it will probably
be in November and then some time to announce this. So can you confirm if I'm off track there?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Thanks, Umer. Dave?

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I think you directed the A4 question to me.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

But probably Dan is able to answer that better.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Dan, why don't you take the A4 question? Yes.

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

No. No, thanks for both of those questions. Of course, A4 is an ongoing trial in patients who are
presymptomatic. They don't even have the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease, but they have amyloid
plaques as detected by imaging. And we're testing if solanezumab and now a higher dose of solanezumab
can have a benefit in those patients. We haven't commented on whether or not there could be
opportunities for an interim look here. And right now we're just focused on the final analysis in that trial.

With respect to the timing of the tirzepatide trial and the details on clinicaltrials.gov, I can just reconfirm
what we said earlier on the call, which is that we expect to have that data and top line it in coming
months. It's obviously a major event for us. And you can assume that when we get that data, we're going
to turn it around quite quickly.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Umer, thanks for your questions.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Greg Gilbert from Truist.

Gregory B. Gilbert
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I'm going to start with another one on Alzheimer's. Dan, I'm not sure to what degree you can comment
on this, but I'm curious how interrelated your studies are and the agency's view of aducanumab. Maybe
asked another way, do you think the agency can act on their application without seeing your data, which is
coming pretty soon? It seems to me that what you're bringing to the table is pretty important in the field.

And then secondly, I know it's a little early. I was hoping you could talk to your growing confidence in the
IL-2 approach since you signed that collaboration a few years ago. It looks like there's some additional
data coming at ACR as well.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Greg. We'll go to Dan for both those questions.

Daniel M. Skovronsky

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Yes. Thanks, Greg. Two good, interesting questions. I think on Alzheimer's disease, your question is how
will the FDA think about sort of a class effect here, if multiple plaque long antibodies show the same
result or if they show different results. I don't know. I mean I can't speculate on agency actions. But I
can say that it wouldn't surprise me if regulators around the world did take sort of the totality of evidence
approach in Alzheimer's disease, which could be across multiple molecules in different trials, to give
confidence about a particular mechanism, in this case, of course, plaque lowering.

Having said that, though, each molecule will still have to pass a certain bar of evidence for benefit versus
risk in the intended use population. I do think, though, that if adu is deemed to have a positive effect
and our drug ultimately has a positive effect, the convergence of those 2 events could bode well for both
drugs. But there's a lot that has to happen before we get there, Greg.

With respect to IL-2, yes, as this molecule progresses in clinical trials, we're growing more confident in
the hypothesis that underlies this effort. This is a low-dose PEGylated IL-2 that's meant to stimulate T
regulatory cells without stimulating effector T cells. And we've now presented data from Phase I that
showed we had exactly that effect. In a dose-dependent way, we can boost Tregs. And we hope that, that
will have a modulatory effect on autoimmune disease.

Based on our confidence in the biomarker here and the mechanism of action, we've committed to
starting a number of Phase II trials here in parallel to understand how these changes in regulatory T cells
translates -- could translate to clinical benefits for patients in diseases like lupus or IBD or dermatologic
disease. And so those trials are starting, and we look forward to getting data from them.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Greg, thanks for your questions.

Operator

The next question is from Chris Schott from JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just my question is on Trulicity. It seems like there's 2 issues kind of impacting the quarter: the first was
the timing of the doughnut hole impact; and the second was this channel mix issue, if I was hearing you
correctly. So I guess on channel mix, is the net of the unfavorable price, I guess balanced against the
higher volumes, a net neutral versus your original expectations? Or is volume only partially offsetting this
kind of mix issue that you're dealing with, I guess, on that product specifically?

And then my second question was on margin evolution going forward. Should we be thinking about the
31% operating margin ex the COVID investments as your baseline to grow off of as we think about 2021
and beyond? Or should we still think about some kind of lingering COVID investments that could impact
margins as we move through next year?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Chris. We'll go to Mike Mason for the question on Trulicity then Josh for the question on margin
evolution.

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly Diabetes

Yes. Thanks for your question. Overall, we're very confident about the growth potential of the GLP class
and Trulicity. The GLP class is performing strong with TRx growth of 23% for the quarter during the COVID
pandemic. Trulicity continues to hold market share leadership in the face of semaglutide with a 45% share

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

of market. Overall, Trulicity grew volume 26% in the U.S. at a time when patient office visits for type 2
diabetes remains 20% lower than last year due to the COVID pandemic.

When you take a look at segment mix, what we're seeing is that Trulicity performed well in commercial
and Part D, holding market share leadership and growing gross sales year-to-date at 29% in commercial
and 44% in Part D. Trulicity's segment mix was really driven by stronger-than-expected performance, both
share and volume, in growing lower-priced segments like Medicaid. Even at the lower prices, Medicaid
growth brings in profitable business for Lilly and helps people living with diabetes.

I'll highlight one decision that we made. During the early stages of the COVID pandemic, we were
concerned about people on commercial insurance losing their jobs moving to Medicaid and having to stop
take Trulicity because we had lower access in Medicaid. We didn't think this dynamic would be best for
people living with diabetes during the pandemic. Thus, we prioritize improving our access in Medicaid to
help people living with diabetes.

For example, we were upgraded on California Medicaid early in Q2. And we've seen Trulicity volume in
California Medicaid nearly double this year, which is really great for everyone. I remain very excited and
confident in Trulicity.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Mike. Josh?

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Chris. On margin -- so yes, so we've tried to separate out the COVID investments this
year, which we've mentioned will -- the expense will be in the range of $400 million for the year. As you
know, we've been focused on 31% operating margin as a goal for 2020. And given the guidance that we
presented, not including anything from COVID, we're confident we'll achieve that 31%. I think that's the
right baseline to think about going forward on an overall basis.

Now we will have COVID investments that move into 2021 as we continue the trials that we've already put
up and running. Again, though, we are expecting, given the submission of the EUA and the data that we
have, that there will be, at some point, sales associated with those investments. I think if we look at just
isolating the expense and the sales, we'll have to come back on that. We haven't -- we don't have prices
or volumes or anything around the world.

So I think the COVID piece in 2021, we will have some expense. But realistically, I think the way to think
about our business is 31% operating margin, excluding the extraordinary COVID impact and margin
expansion then in 2021 and really through 2025, as we've talked about.

So I think COVID should help us, I think, from an overall economic perspective in that period if the
product is -- product or products are successful. But really, I think the focus on long-term margin
expansion sort of cuts through anything that we see in the near term on COVID. And we're committed to
those margin expansion plans that we've talked about pre-pandemic.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. Chris, thanks for your questions.

Operator

The next caller is from Steve Scala from Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

A couple of questions. First, Dan, in the past, when you have referred to very low dropout rates in
SURPASS-1, were you referring to analysis on an intent-to-treat basis? I fear Lilly is preparing us for solid
data on an efficacy estimand basis but less compelling on an intent-to-treat basis.

And then the second question is it was said earlier in the call that Lilly has never been more excited about
tirzepatide. I thought that was an interesting choice of words given the importance of the event and the
lack of clarity on the status of the trial at this point. It implies that you're more excited than you were in
Q2 or Q1 or any time in between. So can you tell us if any member of management has any knowledge
whatsoever of the results of SURPASS-1?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Steve. We'll go to Dan for the question on dropout rates and then Mike can talk about his -- the
question on tirzepatide.

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Sure. Thanks, Steve. What we said with respect to people dropping out of our clinical trials was that we
hadn't seen an effect from COVID-19. We were quite worried about that in the early days of the pandemic
when the tirzepatide trials had become fully enrolled and were some of the most important and largest
trials that we've ever conducted. Whether this new pandemic would cause people to stop participating in
clinical trials, we didn't see a bump up in dropout rates.

I think, though, what you're really interested in is people discontinuation from therapy, which could be
different than dropout rates. And we wouldn't know that until we get the data from the trial.

With respect to the 2 different analyses that you comment on, the efficacy estimand versus the real
intent-to-treat analysis, you're pointing out, I think that in Phase II, there was a pretty big difference
between these 2 analyses, with the efficacy estimand showing better results than the pure ITT because a
number of patients at the highest dose, at the 50-milligram dose, had dropped out due to adverse events.

Like I said, we don't know what's happening in SURPASS-1 yet. But when those data come, it will be
important to look at those 2 analyses. Our hope and the way we've designed this trial with a slower dose
titration is to avoid discontinuations due to adverse events, which would show that a smaller gap between
the efficacy estimand and ITT that we saw in Phase II.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Mike?

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly Diabetes

Yes. I can assure you that no one, in any one at Lilly, have seen the results for SURPASS-1 yet. I think my
confidence in tirzepatide, the only thing new that we've seen is, obviously, there's been a lot of attention
on the dose titration scheme that we used in our Phase II in the dose titration study as well as Phase III.

We've used a more gradual titration approach in our Phase III trials. And as we’ve seen in the readout of
AWARD-11 as well as some of the novel step programs who used similar gradual titration, we saw that
those schemes did work and that they did -- that were able to produce GI profiles that were acceptable.
So that's the new data that we've seen. And we're very confident in tirzepatide.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Mike. Steve, thanks for your questions.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

The next question is from Geoff Meacham from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just had a few. Josh, on Trulicity, if I'm hearing you correctly, for 2021, you guys have gone from mid-
single to high single-digit price declines, but for the rest of the broader diabetes portfolio and really,
overall, is it still mid-single as an assumption? And if you have formulary wins for Trulicity in Medicare or
Medicaid but at a lower price, what's your capacity to raise price down the road?

And then second question is just real quick. Wanted to ask if you're seeing any sort of halo effect in the
marketplace for metastatic breast share for monarchE currently? Or do you think that's going to happen
looking to 2021?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Geoff. We'll go to Josh for the questions about the overall U.S. pricing and then Anne for the
question on Verzenio.

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Geoff. Yes, on Trulicity, I think we -- as we think about 2021, we are looking at 2 separate pieces.
I think the first is just the underlying unit price where we feel things haven't changed. We really see
underlying unit price holding segments constant as being in that low to mid-single-digit impact.

I think what we've seen now over 2 years is we're underestimating how fast segments like Medicaid can
grow, and that's what Mike talked about. So I think given the fact that we continue to see good growth
in Medicaid, the share performance and utilization is still lower than what we see in commercial and our
strong performance in that segment as well as, as we've talked in prior calls, we expect some Medicaid
expansion. We're seeing a little bit of that now. We expect that to persist into 2021.

That moves us from that mid-single-digit Trulicity price to high single digits. So it really is the fact that we
do continue to expect faster segment growth in areas like Medicaid.

I think -- all that being said, I think we'll continue to look at pricing as we have in the past. We price for
the system we have today, which is modest price -- list price increases and giving back a little bit more
than that in rebates. That's what we've seen over the last few years. I don't anticipate that approach
changing unless we have something that changes on the legislative side that can get us, as an industry,
more toward that net price environment as opposed to high-growth rebates and net. But for 2021, we're
sort of planning that those things, at least for the beginning of the year, won't change.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. Anne?

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Yes. Thanks for the question, Geoff, on Verzenio. So Verzenio have had notable positive momentum right
now in the currently approved metastatic breast cancer setting. And you can see that it's steadily gaining
market share. We have monthly TRx of approaching 14% now, NBRx of approaching 23%. And then you
saw some of the sales being posted, particularly worldwide growth of 49%. And we're now a market leader
in NBRx in Japan at over 50%. So definitely, momentum.

And what we continue to do is really grow the number of physicians who try Verzenio, and they continue
to adopt with really a positive experience, and they incorporate it more broadly into their practice. This,
I think, is primarily capitalized on the positive overall survival data from MONARCH 2 in combination with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

fulvestrant. But we do believe that the positive results from monarchE are really providing them another
strong example that Verzenio is differentiated from other CDK4/6 inhibitors.

And even prior to those results, there was a steadily growing body of evidence that Verzenio is
differentiated with the higher CDK4 selectivity, differentiated continuous dosing, a monotherapy
indication and then obviously, this OS data, not just in the overall population but in the primary endocrine
resistance.

So we do think we're seeing a shift in people's perception that this is a best-in-class opportunity, both in
the metastatic setting and then potentially in the future as we bring it forward for a new treatment option
for patients in the early breast cancer setting. So we look forward to more work there.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Anne. Geoff, thanks for your questions.

Operator

The next question is from Seamus Fernandez from Guggenheim.

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Thanks very much for the question. So one question for Dave and then a question for Josh. So Dave, can
you talk about the key post-election policy priorities for the industry and what specifically Lilly hopes to
achieve with the challenges to 340B?

And then a question for Josh is if implemented as written, what would be the biggest impact on Lilly's
corporate tax rate under the Biden tax plan? And is there a concern that this would have a significant
relative impact on U.S. corporations like Lilly versus OUS corporations?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Seamus. Dave?

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Seamus. Of course, the landscape post-election is not defined. So we'll need to wait for that
to land before we get into too many speculations about the future environment.

But I think we can say that as an industry, as we sit around the table and certainly here at Lilly, there's
2 basic problems in the U.S. drug market that need to be untangled. One is the patient out-of-pocket
cost problem, where we're really the only country on the planet that indexes patient out-of-pocket cost to
list prices. That still happens highly -- in a highly prevalent way and actually, the rate of growth in high-
deductible plans, including those on exchanges and ACA, is growing. So this problem is getting bigger, not
smaller. Of course, we think the answer there is to have cost sharing at least be based on some discounted
number much closer to actual price and perhaps all the discounts being passed through.

There's other solutions, regulatory ones, other ideas we have, capping deductibles, reducing the amount
a co-pay can be for any given transaction through regulation or other avenues. States have done that,
and I think we do see good impact on affordability and persistence when that's done. So that's the highest
priority for the industry.

The second priority, and you touched on 340B, is just reducing the amount of distortions in the system,
which create artificial winners and losers and shift money around health care based on drug sales, which is
inappropriate way to fund things, in our mind. We'd like to see that disentangled and that kind of services,
as it relates to dispensing or formulary management, are based on something to do with the value of
those services versus something to do with the drugs that are being dispensed.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

340B is one example of that, where high-priced drugs move through covered entities at huge margin
increases. And those monies go to other purposes not related to the drugs. Patients pay more and lose in
that equation, and we certainly lose in that equation.

So as it relates to 340B actions and other channel actions, we're interested in kind of decomplexifying
that and making the system work a little bit better for, not just patients but for sustainability of the
pharmaceutical industry.

So anyway, we'll focus on those things as we have been. And we'll have to see what the tactics look like
based on electoral outcomes here just a week away.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dave. Josh?

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Seamus. I think, first, the tax system that we have in the U.S. now does help us compete on a
global basis for innovation. I think that's the biggest positive that we've seen. It is a complex system.
But having a rate -- an underlying rate that's more competitive with our European competitors allows
us to attract innovation, keep it in the U.S. And you've seen that in some of the acquisitions we've
done, including companies like [ Walk ]. So we're more competitive when we're competing against OUS
companies that have a low corporate tax rate in their countries. So we like that.

I think as we look, though, to potential changes, I think the first thing I would say is there's -- having
been through the last round here, there's a huge difference between what a high-level plan is and
how it gets implemented. And the details in that implementation are what actually drives the big point
movements. I don't know that we could have, sitting in 2017, predicted that we have a 15% rate, for
example, as our long-term rate here. So there's a lot of work to be done if there is any kind of future tax
reform coming.

Obviously, the underlying U.S. rate looks like it'll go up. But I think we have a couple of advantages no
matter what happens. We invest heavily in R&D, among the most heavily of any of our big pharma peers.
So we would hope and work to ensure that innovation is rewarded in any tax system going forward.

And we have a pretty balanced manufacturing network. We make -- about half of our plants are in the
U.S. and half are outside the U.S. So I think we're probably poised to take advantage of any changes that
happen in the tax structure going forward. But there's no doubt that having a competitive sort of base rate
for the U.S. relative to our OUS peers is something that's, I think, really important for our industry.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. Seamus, thanks for your questions.

Operator

The next caller is Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just regarding LOXO-305, can you share any perspective on the registration path for the drug in CLL and if
a head-to-head trial versus IMBRUVICA is still on the table?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Terence. Dan, we'll go to you for that question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Yes. I think at this moment, it's premature to talk about registrational paths, but I can say that we look
forward to releasing more data later this year. And I think as we release that data, that's an opportunity to
update on our current thinking on the development plan.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Terence, thanks for your question.

Operator

The next question comes from David Risinger from Morgan Stanley.

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just wanted to clarify. So with respect to Trulicity, I believe you said that the volume growth was 26%
in the quarter. Obviously, the reported U.S. sales growth was 5%, which suggests a 21 percentage point
difference. So either way, if that's right, if you could just confirm it, if not, if you could just give us the
correct figures. But then could you, for the difference, explain the components?

So obviously, last year, in the third quarter, the company had missed Trulicity sales expectations due to
higher-than-expected rebates. So the company had a very easy comparison versus the third quarter of
'19 for Trulicity. Yet, obviously, the sales disappointed this quarter. So if you could explain that 20%-plus
percentage point difference in terms of how much was due to rebates versus mix shift, et cetera. And then
also help us understand why the mix shift was a surprise given the Medicaid wins that you articulated. And
then -- well, actually, I'll just leave it at that. So if you could address those, that would be great.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dave. We'll go to Mike Mason for that.

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly Diabetes

Thanks for the question. As we take a look at pricing performance for Trulicity in Q3, when we take a
look at the net impact of increased rebates to maintain access and list price, that was a 2%, a modest
headwind in Q3 of this year. Segment mix was 6% and then the remaining of that was due to onetime
events due to coverage gap estimates for rebates and discounts. So that's the breakdown of performance
for Trulicity in Q3.

As you -- you may not have been on earlier. As we take a look at Medicaid performance, we're performing
quite well in the higher-priced segments of commercial and Part D. We grew gross sales in commercial by
29% year-to-date and Part D by 44%.

When we take a look at segment mix, it's really driven by higher-than-expected Medicaid. We really have
kind of a triple whammy going there, where, as you say, COVID is driving more people into Medicaid.
We're also seeing that Medicaid, in general, is growing for Trulicity because Trulicity's share is lower.
And then we did make the conscious decision to win access in Medicaid because we felt that we're going
to see people going from commercial to Medicaid. And we had a lower access in Medicaid than we did
in commercial. So we thought it was the right thing to do for patients in order to increase Medicaid so
someone didn't have to go off Trulicity if they lost their job during the pandemic. So that's the breakdown.
We're very confident in Trulicity, both pricing and volume going forward.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Thanks, Mike. Dave, thanks for your question.

Operator

And next question will come from Vamil Divan from Mizuho.

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

So just 2, please. One on tanezumab. I know you mentioned the AdCom. I believe that's a change from
before when the FDA was saying that they were not going to do an AdCom. I don't know if you have
any insights you can share just on what may have changed to led -- to leave them to do the advisory
committee meeting?

And then second on -- maybe just going back to the Alzheimer's discussion from before. Obviously, a lot
of focus on donanemab early next year. I know you also have an N3pG in Phase I development. I'm just
curious if you can maybe talk about sort of how that one is different from the one you have in late Phase
II to give us a sense of what you're trying to change their potential.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Vamil. We'll go to Patrik for the question about tanezumab and then Dan for the question on N3pG
in Phase I.

Patrik Jonsson
Senior VP, Chief Customer Officer & President of Lilly USA

Well, thank you very much for the question. We were just updated by the FDA that the PDUFA date is no
longer valid and that they are most likely planning to have an advisory board in the month of March.

And actually, we don't believe this is necessarily negative, taking into account that we have a lot of data
on tanezumab. And we have 39 clinical trials and more than 18,000 patients treated. So we actually think
even an ad board could be beneficial.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Patrik. Dan?

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Sure. Vamil, thanks for the question on donanemab and the follow-on in N3pG molecule, which you noted
is in Phase I. One of the things that we saw with donanemab was that we had a great PD effect. We could
clear plaques quite deeply and quickly, but we also had antidrug antibodies. The antibodies weren't at a
level that they affected the PK of the drug because we're giving pretty high doses of the drug. Still, it's not
optimal to have ADA against your drug. So we created a next-gen N3pG that we hypothesized would have
the same plaque-clearing PD effect but not have antidrug antibodies. So that's the next one that you see
there in Phase I. If donanemab turns out to be a success, it could be useful to have a follow-on molecule
that doesn't have ADA.

I also point out that in addition to donanemab and that followed-on N3pG molecule, the other Alzheimer's
molecule we're really quite excited about is zagotenemab, which is our aggregated tau-specific antibody.
And that will be reading out later next year.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Vamil, thanks for your questions. And now we'll go back to Dave for the close.

David A. Ricks

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Chairman, CEO & President

Great. Thanks, Kevin. Well, we appreciate everyone's participation in today's earnings call and your
ongoing interest in Eli Lilly and Company. Please follow up with the IR team if you have questions that
were not addressed today. And I hope everyone stays well during this difficult time. Take care, and we'll be
in touch.

Operator
Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your
participation and for using AT&T conferencing services. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

