Equinix, Inc. (REIT) NasdaqGS:EQIX
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 12, 2020 10:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.57

1.46

(7.01 %)

1.87

6.03

5.99

(0.66 %)

7.75

1413.52

1417.14

0.26

1462.33

5561.74

5562.14

0.01

6039.81

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-12-2020 9:41 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.45

1.57

1.67

1.57

1.44

1.69

1.41

1.46

(0.69 %)

7.64 %

(15.57 %)

(7.01 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Philip A. Cusick
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Erik Peter Rasmussen
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jonathan Michael Petersen
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Michael Rollins
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Nicholas Ralph Del Deo
MoffettNathanson LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Equinix fourth quarter earnings conference call. [Operator
Instructions] Also, today's call is being recorded. If there's anyone that has objections, please disconnect
at this time.

I'd now like to turn the call over to Katrina Rymill, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Thank you.

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to today's conference call. Before we get started, I'd like to
remind everyone that some of the statements we'll be making today are forward-looking in nature and
involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary significantly from those statements and may be
affected by the risks we identified in today's press release and those identified in our filings with the SEC,
including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2019, and 10-Q filed on November 1, 2019.
Equinix assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or comment on forward-looking statements
made on this call. In addition, in light of regulation for disclosure, it is Equinix's policy not to comment on
its financial guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through an exclusive public disclosure.

In addition, we will provide non-GAAP measures on today's conference call. We provide a reconciliation
of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and the list of the reasons why the
company uses these measures in today's press release on the Equinix IR page at www.equinix.com. We
have made available on the IR page of our website a presentation designed to accompany this discussion
along with certain supplemental financial information and other data. We'd also like to remind you that
we post important information about Equinix on the IR page from time to time, and encourage you to
check our website regularly for the most current available information. With us today are Charles Meyers,
Equinix's CEO and President; and Keith Taylor, Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks,
we'll be taking questions from sell-side analysts. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I'll turn the call over to Charles.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kat. Good afternoon, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. We had a strong finish
to 2019 and the momentum within the team and across the business is clearly evident, reflecting solid
execution of our strategy and indicative of the tremendous opportunity in front of us. We closed over
17,000 deals in 2019, demonstrating the extraordinary scale of our retail go-to-market engine and the
differentiated nature of the Equinix value proposition.

The pace of digital transformation continues to accelerate, creating seismic shifts across industries, as
businesses embrace interconnection as critical to their infrastructure strategy and adopt hybrid and
multicloud as the clear architecture of choice. The secular forces driving demand for digital infrastructure
are as strong as ever. Data is being created, moved, analyzed and stored at unprecedented levels. These
dynamics are expanding the Equinix addressable market, as customers seek to distribute infrastructure
globally, responding to increasingly demanding workloads and the need to locate and interconnect private
infrastructure in close proximity to a rapidly expanding universe of cloud-based resources.

Against this backdrop, we continue to focus on 4 critical vectors to position the business for significant
value creation in 2020 and beyond. As it always does, it starts with our people. We will continue to invest
first in our people, our organization and our culture in order to attract and inspire market-leading talent in
service to one another, enabling us collectively to be in service to our customers, to our shareholders and
to the communities in which we operate.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Second, we'll continue to evolve and grow our go-to-market engine, targeting the right customers with the
right workloads in the right locations, amplifying our reach via the channel and ensuring that our sales and
service delivery capabilities continue to be globally aligned and locally responsive.

Third, we will continue to invest in Platform Equinix, expanding our global reach while also adding new
services and capabilities that will allow customers to more flexibly combine Equinix value with that of our
partners to more quickly implement hybrid and multi-cloud architectures at the digital edge.

And fourth, we will focus on simplifying and scaling our business, implementing our own targeted
digital transformation initiatives focused on increasing operating leverage and enhancing our customer
experience. These areas of focus in our long-term orientation will allow us to widen the moat around our
business, enhance our yields and increase service attach rates, enabling us to deliver durable revenue
growth and attractive AFFO per share.

Expanding our reach remains a core tenet, and we now operate across 55 metros in 26 countries, as
we recently closed our Mexico acquisition and will open new markets this year, including Hamburg and
Muscat. The benefit of our unparalleled reach is reflecting in strong cross-regional activity, which continues
to trend positively, with multi-metro customer revenues ticking up to 87%.

We also continue to make significant progress with our hyperscale strategy, with 6 announced projects
underway across all 3 regions and a strong pipeline of customer demand. We are already looking
to expand our European JV and advancing additional JV conversations in Japan and other targeted
geographies. This strategy will enable us over time to extend our leadership in the cloud ecosystem, while
mitigating strain on our balance sheet and maintaining market-leading returns.

Turning to our results, as depicted on Slide 3. Revenues for the full year were $5.6 billion, up 9% year-
over-year. Adjusted EBITDA was up 10% year-over-year, and AFFO was meaningfully ahead of our
expectations for the year. Interconnection revenues grew 14% year-over-year, driven by strong customer
response to the Equinix Cloud Exchange Fabric, good traction in our new Internet exchange markets and
solid interconnection ads. These growth rates are all on a normalized and constant currency basis.

Our interconnection differentiation continues to pay dividends as we expand our product set, driving
growth and customer value. We now have over 363,000 interconnections, and delivered our 12th
consecutive quarter of adding more interconnections than the rest of the top 10 competitors combined. In
Q4, we added an incremental 7,400 interconnections fueled by high gross adds to support new streaming
services, expanding inter-metro connections and seasonably lower churn. Peak Internet exchange traffic
grew by 10% this quarter, also helped by these new OTT video offerings.

ECX fabric is diversifying well as an exchange platform, with over 2,000 customers now connecting their
own deployments to over 600 other participants on the platform. Our longer-term vision for Platform
Equinix continues to take shape, influenced by direct feedback from our customers and partners. Our
network edge offering, which provides customers access to a number of different virtual network functions
provision over ECX fabric, is tracking ahead of plan, and our announced acquisition of Packet represents a
bold move to accelerate our strategy to help enterprises quickly and seamlessly deploy hybrid and mostly
cloud architectures on Platform Equinix.

By combining Packet's market-leading hardware automation capabilities with our platform, and integrating
directly with the ECX Fabric, we intend to create a world-class enterprise-grade bare metal offering that
allows customers to rapidly deploy digital infrastructure at the edge with differentiated performance and
robust integration to the public cloud. We expect the Packet transaction to close in Q1, and look forward to
updating you further on progress of our Platform strategy.

Now let me cover highlights from our verticals. Our network vertical achieved solid bookings, with robust
reseller activity from our global NSP partners as well as continued expansion activity across various
network sub-segments. New wins include RTI Connectivity, a leading subsea cable operator, extending
their solutions in Tokyo and Sydney.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

We also launched an expanded partnership with Telstra, enabling full API integration with ECX Fabric,
giving enterprise customers on-demand access to Telstra's services across 38 metros. A good example of
how we're automating connectivity with key partners to their last mile networks via the ECX Fabric.

Our financial services vertical achieved its third highest bookings led by capital markets providers and
large multinationals as cloud adoption accelerates. New wins included a top 3 Nordic bank rearchitecting
their global network for digital payments and a Fortune 500 financial advisory firm transforming their
network topology.

Our content and digital media vertical saw record bookings, led by APAC and strength in gaming,
publishing and e-commerce, as cloud adoption continues to shape this vertical. Expansions included
a Fortune 500 media company, expanding to launch new OTT delivery services, and a multinational
conglomerate, building out its edge to support growing multiplayer online gaming in South America.

Our cloud and IT vertical saw strong bookings led by APAC, and double-digit growth in services and
infrastructure, as cloud customers diversify. Equinix continues to be the clear global leader in cloud
connectivity, with over 40% share of total cloud on-ramps and 15 new on-ramps added in 2019, 5x the
nearest competitor. Our enterprise vertical saw healthy and high-quality new logo adds, with continued
strength in manufacturing, health care and retail, as enterprises build out hybrid architectures. New wins
included a Fortune 150 retailer, building out infrastructure to support digital transformation, and a global
life sciences firm, enabling multi-cloud capabilities.

Our channel accounted for more than 27% of bookings, and we are very pleased with the progress we
made in building this important go-to-market vector. 2/3 of our channel bookings are now driven by
resellers with integrated solutions like Performance Hub and ECX Fabric delivering faster, more predictable
order flow. We're working together with these resellers to more effectively productize joint offerings to
bring mutual customers the benefits of Platform Equinix enhanced by our partner services.

New channel wins this quarter included a win with Telindus for the city of Amsterdam as well as a win
with Optus to support Children's Cancer Institute of Australia, with data analytics for genomics research.
Highlighting how with partners, we are truly better together, and reminding us of the far-reaching impact
of Platform Equinix in helping make the world a better and healthier place.

Now let me turn the call over to Keith to cover the results for the quarter.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Charles. Good afternoon to everyone. As highlighted by Charles, what a great way to end the
year and an even better way to start a new one, very similar to last year. We delivered $5.6 billion of
revenues, and as reported, increased of slightly under $500 million compared to last year, or a 9% year-
over-year growth rate on a normalized and constant currency basis. AFFO per share scaled to $22.81, and
as reported year-over-year increase of greater than 10%, better than our expectations as we drive value
on both the top line and at the per share level. Our core strategy, our go-to-market engine and our team
are delivering performance at a very high level as we continue to separate ourselves from our competitors.
And our strong fourth quarter performance sets us up nicely to invest in growing and scaling the business
in 2020.

We continue to fund organic expansion and new product and services initiatives, while also scaling
our go-to-market efforts. These investments are directly attributable to the volume of high-quality
interconnection-rich wins across both our direct and indirect channels. Our MRR per cabinet metric
remained strong, largely due to solid pricing discipline, favorable deal mix and positive interconnection
momentum.

We have an active construction pipeline, expanding our global platform with 32 projects currently
underway across 23 metros in 15 countries. We'll leverage our recently achieved investment-grade credit
rating to reduce our future debt service burden, as initially demonstrated by our fourth quarter $2.8
billion debt raise to favorably refinance a portion of our outstanding high yield debt. Our financial strength
remains a significant and strategic advantage.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Now let me cover the quarterly highlights. Note that all growth rates in this section are on a normalized
and constant currency basis. As depicted on Slide 4, the global Q4 revenues were $1.417 billion, up 8%
over the same quarter last year, our 17th year of consecutive quarterly revenue growth, a trend that we
expect to continue as we look into 2020. We had our second best gross and net booking quarter, largely
due to strong organic performance, coupled with net positive pricing actions again, and then some delayed
churn. Q4 revenues, net of our FX hedges, included a $4 million positive FX benefit due to the stronger
euro and British pound in the quarter when compared to our prior guidance rates.

Global Q4 adjusted EBITDA was $676 million, up 9% over the same quarter last year, and better-than-
expected due to lower-than-anticipated employee costs and utilities expense. Our Q4 adjusted EBITDA
performance, net of our FX hedges, included a positive $1 million FX benefit when compared to our prior
guidance rates. Global Q4 FFO was $473 million, above our expectations on a constant currency basis,
while absorbing the seasonally higher recurring CapEx investments similar to last year. Interconnection
revenues were very strong across all 3 regions this quarter, reflecting the benefit of our global platform
and diversified product portfolio. Interconnection revenues now represent 18% of recurring revenues,
a significant quarter-over-quarter step up. The Americas and EMEA interconnection revenues are now
24% and 10% of recurring revenues, respectively, while APAC stepped up to 15%, a meaningful increase
throughout the year.

Turning to regional highlights, whose full results are covered on Slides 5 through 7. APAC and EMEA were
the fastest MRR-growing regions at 13% and 12%, respectively, on a year-over-year normalized basis,
followed by the Americas region at 4%. The Americas region saw continued strong bookings both local
and export, with a high mix of small deals and healthy pricing, and the Dallas market has been a highlight
for the Americas business. We've seen healthy performance with our existing Infomart asset, and we're
eager to complete our new build adjacent to the Infomart, which will be known as Dallas 11. And we
closed the Axtel acquisition in Mexico in January, and have already received favorable inbound queries
for multinational and carrier communities. We're eager to start our expansion efforts in Mexico, thereby
enhancing our interconnection opportunities between North, Central and South America. Looking forward,
we expect Americas revenue growth to trend upward to 5% or greater as we progress through 2020.

Our EMEA region saw continued growth throughout 2019, largely driven by our 4 largest markets:
Amsterdam, Frankfurt, London and Paris, as multinationals deploy their infrastructure across these major
regional hubs. EMEA again had robust billable cabinet additions and firm deal pricing, as reflected in our
solid MRR per cabinet metric. Export bookings continue to remain high across the region, and for the first
time ever, EMEA export bookings were greater than their import bookings, a reflection of the continued
globalization of our go-to-market activities.

And Asia Pacific region saw record bookings with an uptick in small deal activity and strength in our
Australian markets. Also, our investments in new markets like solar is progressing well, and we're starting
to see the front edge of a new ecosystem developing as key domestic NSPs deploy their infrastructure into
these assets.

And now looking at the capital structure, please refer to Slide 8. At year-end, our unrestricted cash
balance was approximately $1.9 billion, which included about $344 million of cash that was used in
January to redeem the remaining portion of the debt we financed in November 2019. Our net debt
leverage ratio was 3.7x our Q4 annualized adjusted EBITDA within our targeted range. We continue to
expect to drive substantial interest savings into our AFFO per share metric, as we refinance our currently
outstanding debt over the next 12 months, taking advantage of current market conditions. As you would
expect, the national trade-off will be the cost attributed to the call premium or make-whole provision,
offset by the present value of the future interest savings. Of course, we want to make each of these
transactions net present value positive, while negotiating the best terms and conditions for the business.
To be clear, there is no benefit attributed from our future refinancings in the current AFFO per share
guidance.

Turning to Slide 9. For the quarter, capital expenditures were approximately $715 million, including
recurring CapEx of $81 million. We opened 9 new expansion projects in the fourth quarter, including new
IBXs in Melbourne, Singapore and Sydney, while we added another 13 projects for expansion tracking

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

sheet. This gives you a sense of the level of activity in the business and the speed that we're building
and filling capacity. We continue to expand our ownership, acquiring additional land for development in
Frankfurt, and purchasing -- and we purchased our Toronto 2 IBX. Revenues from owned assets increased
to 55%.

Our capital investments delivered strong returns, as shown on Slide 10. Our 136 stabilized assets
increased recurring revenues by 3% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, while total stabilized
asset revenue grew 2% due to lower nonrecurring revenues this quarter versus the prior year. We expect
our stabilized asset growth rate to trend up to 3% to 4% in 2020. And similar to prior years, we'll update
the stabilized asset summary on the Q1 earnings call. Our stabilized assets are collectively 84% utilized
and generate a 30% cash-on-cash return on the gross PP&E invested.

And please refer to Slides 11 through 15 for our summary of 2020 guidance and bridges. Do note, our
2020 guidance includes the anticipated financial results from the Axtel acquisition, but does not include
any financial results related to the pending Packet acquisition. Starting with revenues, we expect to deliver
an 8% to 9% growth rate for 2020, delivering over $6 billion in revenue, a reflection of the continued
momentum in the business and the opportunity that we see in front of us. Our 2020 revenue guidance
includes $18 million to $22 million of revenue attributed to Axtel. And MRR churn is expected to remain in
our targeted range of 2% to 2.5% per quarter for the year.

We expect 2020 adjusted EBITDA margins of 48%, including integration -- sorry, excluding integration
costs, the result of strong operating leverage in the business, offset in part by expected higher utilities
and property tax expense and a meaningful investment in our go-to-market and product organizations.
Also, we expect to incur $10 million of integration costs in 2020 to finalize the integration of the various
acquisitions. 2020 FFO is expected to grow 11% to 14% compared to the previous year, and our AFFO per
share will grow 9% to 11%, excluding any benefit attributed to future refinancing activities. And we expect
our 2020 cash dividends to increase to approximately $912 million, a 10% increase over the prior year or
an 8% increase on a per share basis.

So let me stop here. I'll turn the call back to Charles.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Keith. In closing, 2019 was a great year for Equinix. We took significant strides and continue to
execute effectively on the ambitious agenda we outlined to you at our Analyst Day in 2018, positioning the
business to effectively scale and capture the enormous opportunity ahead. We dramatically scaled our go-
to-market machine to capture the rapidly growing enterprise opportunity. We embarked on a broad change
agenda to drive consistent global execution. We added significant talent to respond to the technology
shift shaping our industry, including 2 outstanding additions to our board in Sandra Rivera from Intel and
Adaire Fox-Martin from SAP.

And as we undertook these changes, we communicated tirelessly and engaged our teams around the
globe to be part of re-architecting our collective future together, achieving record levels of employee
engagement, market-leading organizational health scores and being recognized as a global leader in
sustainability. We aggressively work the balance sheet side of the business, raising more than $4.5 billion
in debt and equity and achieved an investment-grade credit status. We delivered on our commitment
to form a hyperscale JV joining forces with a world-class partner to advance our cloud aspirations while
avoiding undue strain on our balance sheet.

And the market is taking notice as we were recently recognized by IDC Marketscape as the top leader in
their inaugural Worldwide Colocation and Interconnection Vendor assessment. In 2020, we will continue
our focus on evolving Platform Equinix, adding new capabilities and service offerings to better meet the
digital transformation needs of our customers. We will continue to scale our global multichannel sales
engine to support growing bookings, and we'll focus on providing a more seamless and globally consistent
digital experience for our customers to improve the adoption and consumption of Platform Equinix.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

I'm as excited as ever about the future of Equinix and honored to work with our dedicated teams around
the world in service to our customers, to our communities and to our shareholders.
So let me stop there and open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

Our first question will come from Jon Atkin with RBC.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I wanted to ask an operational question and then a question about xScale. So on the operational side,
I wondered if you could call out any trends that you saw around sales cycles lengthening or shortening
closing rates. Any different than what you've seen in book-to-bill that is any different from what you've
seen historically?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Jon. I'll take the first one -- and maybe first couple, and maybe you can comment on book-to-
bill. The -- in terms of win rates and sales cycles, I wouldn't say any meaningful change. I do think
maybe we're getting a bit better. I think that our targeting of the enterprise -- in the enterprise space,
in particular, continues to improve. And I think we're probably seeing perhaps some shortening of sales
cycles. But they're still -- I think we're still fairly early in terms of customers thinking through their long-
term hybrid multicloud architectures. And so oftentimes, they are -- they do continue to be longer sales
cycles. Once landed, I definitely think we're seeing a shortening in terms of their ability to expand their
wallet share, or us expand wallet share with the customers. And then win rates, I think, are probably
pretty stable. If anything, I think, going up, we're -- again, we're doing a really nice job. I think, of
targeting. I think our value proposition continues to resonate with customers, and overall, we've been very
pleased with the performance of the go-to-market engine.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Sorry, Jon, I just want to make a mention of the book-to-bill. There's no meaningful change in our book-
to-bill. In fact, as Charles said, once we land them, we tend to move very fast to install the customer. But
what I would tell you is no surprise, when you look at our -- this quarter relative to -- so Q4 relative to
Q1, the timing of different events caused us to report our revenue slightly differently. So the timing of
when you book something versus when you might churn. And so as an organization, I think we're seeing
exactly -- as it's happening exactly as we planned, but there is no meaningful shift in what I call book-to-
bill interval in the business.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And then one more operational question, just in terms of churn. And as you look at 2020, are there
any influences this coming year different than we saw in 2019 related to customer migrations or really
anything else?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

No, I would say it's a pretty linear sort of extrapolation of what we saw last year. I think some of the
pressure, for example, on stabilized asset growth is coming from the fact that there is some level of cloud
substitution, that's something I've talked about before. But it's really a matter of, I think, people kind
of really figuring out what their workload sort of distribution is going to be between private and public
infrastructure and making those adjustments. But as we said, we've been able to comfortably kind of live
within the 2% to 2.5% range, and we continue to feel comfortable with that going forward.

Jonathan Atkin

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And then my xScale question is just any sense around timing around JV arrangements outside of Europe?
And how they might differ structurally from what you have in place already? And then for xScale Europe JV
that's already in place, how do we think about the impact on AFFO per share?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I'll let Keith take the latter, but the -- in terms of timing, we've learned not to draw too bright a line
because the complexities associated with sort of getting these things closed out from a tax and treasury
and REIT standpoint and various other factors always seems to be more than we think. But I would say
that I think we're making really good progress. Jim and Eric and the whole xScale team along with a lot
of -- an army of people on our tax and treasury teams and various other elements within the organization
are working hard on getting those things going. I think you're going to see good momentum during the
course of 2020 for us on the xScale side.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

And then as it relates to the impact on the quarter on xScale. The largest impact that you really saw
was the amount of cash that came into the business. As you recall, from the Q3 earnings call, we had
$355 million of cash come on to our balance sheet. And there's roughly EUR 60 million of what we refer
to as milestone payments that would come over the next sort of 12 to 24 months in the business. As it
relates to the operating performance, we're just really getting started, and this is going to be, I think, an
appropriate -- a really good discussion at the June Analyst Day, just giving everybody an update on how
we're performing. But it's as good, if not better, than we anticipate and the momentum that Jim and his
team see in the marketplace is substantial. So from our perspective, there's no surprises, and nothing
meaningful running through the fourth quarter results.

Operator

Our next question will come from Phil Cusick with JPMC.

Philip A. Cusick
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can you dig into what gives you the confidence in the 2021 expansion and development after what looks
like a robust 2020 plan as well?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, I think it's just -- if you look at multiyear view on the business, we probably -- I think right
now, we have a better multi sort of longer-term view of the customer opportunity in the funnel than we've
ever had. And so I think that if you look at fill rates and the trajectory on our fill rates, if you look at sort
of any, I think, underlying industry drivers in terms of the pace of adoption of cloud, you look at what's
happening in terms of overall data volumes, you look at the impact and influence of things like AI and IoT,
I think you start to see the front edge potentially of 5G increasing sort of both traffic and overall sort of
data volumes.

And so I continue to think that the secular forces driving the overall demand for infrastructure are strong.
We're hearing that from our customers and we're hearing them be very responsive to our sort of long-
term vision for the platform, and that includes the expansion of capabilities and services as well as our
plans for geographic expansion over time. So the combination of all those things continue. Obviously, '21
is a bit far out, but we feel very good about the projects that we have underway right now and the fill
rates that we're going to -- that are supporting those investment decisions. And I'm super optimistic that
'21 will be just as exciting.

Keith D. Taylor

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Chief Financial Officer

And Phil, if I can just add to what Charles said, the beauty of our plan, too, is we've got 32 projects
underway across 23 different markets. So it's the diversity of our investment, and they're coming in
different shapes and sizes based on the demand profile of a given market. So we feel we have that
visibility. It is a little bit far out, as Charles referred to, but given the strength of our pipeline and the
momentum that we saw in 2019 coming into 2020, and the depth of our pipeline and the opportunity set,
that's what gives us the confidence to continue to build, particularly in some of the markets where we're
one of the few that is building.

Operator

Our next question will come from Erik Rasmussen with Stifel.

Erik Peter Rasmussen
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

As it relates to your 2020 guidance, it's sort of like a 2-part question, but have you turned the corner with
the Verizon assets? And is this the year you're starting to see growth? And then within that, it sounds
like you're a little bit more confident in the Americas, 5% or greater. What's driving this sort of positive
dynamic? And then what's sort of the long-term growth rate that you'd see or sustained rate on that
business or region?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I do think we have -- one of the factors -- certainly, Verizon has been one of the factors that has
been delaying, I think, sort of a bit of a growth headwind to the region. Now that's been a net economic
benefit to the company. So we're not complaining about it. But it has been a bit of a churn because -- or a
bit of a headwind as that churn continues to drive through. But again, we feel like we're going to be able
to see a return to growth, as Keith indicated in the script, I think that we feel like, as we move towards
the end of the year, we're going to be looking at greater than 5%. And I think the strength of the go-to-
market engine in the Americas, selling across the world continues to be substantial. And so I do think the
Americas business, we feel a level of optimism there, that we're going to sort of get through some of the
remainder of the churn tail on Verizon and really see that business pick up a bit in growth.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

And Erik, we've always said this, certainly in the investor conferences that Charles and I and others go to,
we always can grow the business faster if we want. But it's what we do is the pricing discipline, Charles
referred to going after the right customer, right application and the right IBX, and being disciplined in
going after those interconnection-rich opportunities that really cause us to feel very comfortable on what
our guide is. And recognizing, yes, we certainly can go do a lot of very substantial hyperscaler deals
in the Americas. But we think that would be value-destructive for our business. And so we focus that
opportunity in our hyperscale initiative with our JV partner in other parts of the world, where we can get
an appropriate return alongside our partners. But I think it's the discipline that we bring to the Americas
region that gives us the confidence that we don't have to go stretch ourselves here. We're -- it's a very
good and very successful business, and we want to keep on doing what we're doing.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. One last comment I'd make, Erik, is that we noted in the script, the continued globalization of the
selling engine is a really important thing, and something that Karl and Mike and team have really focused
on in terms of making sure that we're, as I always say, we're making sure that every rep selling every
data center every day, right? And that they're out there positioning the full global platform. We saw EMEA
have a -- for the first time, sell more outbound than they got inbound. And that's a really positive step
for us. It really shows the strength. And those are the things that when you have the global platform and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

companies, large companies perhaps that are headquartered elsewhere sort of -- that are driving demand
into all our regions, including the Americas, I think that's going to be a contributor to growth.

Erik Peter Rasmussen
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Great. Maybe just as my follow-up, this is more of maybe a bigger picture theme, but are you seeing any
shifts in the underlying trends in the industry that are giving you increased confidence in sort of how you
are positioned in your ability to achieve your current long-term growth objectives?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I mentioned a number of them, I think. I guess I would put sort of an overall umbrella frame or
overall frame around it in the context of digital transformation. Digital transformation is an absolute
priority at a board and senior executive team level in virtually every company that we're talking to and
targeting. And so it matters a lot to them. They're thinking hard about how to drive digital transformation
in their business and how to deploy infrastructure to support that. And so I think, one, that focus on digital
transformation. And that's happening because of these various trends, people, for example, seeing AI is
central to their ability to create competitive advantage. They're using -- they're viewing data as central
to their ability to create competitive advantage. And they're just -- they're investing behind a lot of these
trends and they're needing to deploy infrastructure globally to have their infrastructure work and their
applications to operate as they're designed. And so I think -- that's sort of the secular backdrop and then
you bounce against that sort of the Equinix position, which was we have this unique position, I think,
in terms of being able to really promote and accelerate the hybrid and multi-cloud as the architecture
of choice. There are many customers are, in fact, using us as an avenue to access the cloud to move
workloads between cloud resources and then to place their private infrastructure. Even if that private
infrastructure may be getting smaller than it used to once be when it was living inside their enterprise
data centers, they're taking what remains as private infrastructure, and they want to place it in direct
proximity to the cloud. And that's really what I think Equinix does better than anybody else in the world.
And so I think those are -- there's a variety of both secular trends as well as sort of our own market
position that combined to give you a sense of optimism for the road ahead, which is exactly why we're
continuing to invest behind the platform, invest behind the go-to-market engine and excited about what
lies ahead.

Operator

Our next question will come from Aryeh Klein with BMO Capital Markets.

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

It looks like EBITDA margins are coming in a bit in 2020. Keith, can you maybe parse through the impacts
in a bit more detail, how much from higher utility expenses, taxes? And then the meaningful investments
in the go-to-market strategy that were alluded to. Can you talk to where those investments are being
made?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Maybe -- Aryeh, this is Charles, maybe I'll jump in and just give you the broader context for, I think,
our decision in terms of how we're guiding on the margin, then Keith can add any color there. But if you
look at 2020, it's pretty similar to what happened in '19. In both years, we showed significant operating
leverage, but we saw some specific items that impacted our ability to drop that through to the bottom line.
In '19, it was projections on utility costs, combined with some pretty significant expansion drag that --
last year that led us to guide to a roughly flat margin line. As you know, we ended up delivering expansion
in 2019, finishing at about 48.5%, because the utility trend was, frankly, a bit better than we projected.
But we are seeing those utility increases materialize, not just in EMEA, but in some of our other markets
as well. And those, combined with the property tax increases compared to '19, those things together

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

consume most of the operating leverage. So we're kind of left in the position of either offering up some
modest margin growth and not investing in the business, or funding the key investments and guiding
to a flatter margin, and we did that. And that's -- obviously, we chose the latter. We feel like it's our job
to maximize long-term value creation, and we're confident that bringing up the dollars to invest in the
platform evolution, growing the go-to-market engine, driving our own digital transformation are all things
that are going to help us sustain AFFO per share growth. And frankly, that's our lighthouse metric, and we
feel like it would be irresponsible not to invest behind the momentum that we have right now.

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Got it.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Keith, any color you want to add?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

No. I mean, I think you hit it square on the head, so.

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

All right. Maybe shifting gears a bit. Does the Packet acquisition reflect a shift in M&A strategy in any way?
Should we expect future acquisitions to be more focused on the services front versus maybe new markets
given how many you're already in?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

No, I wouldn't call it a shift. I'd call it an augment. It's a -- look, we're going to continue to view
geographic expansion of the platform as a strategic priority for us, and where that can be done in a value-
creating way via M&A, then we certainly will think about doing that. So we've talked about the fact that we
still have additional -- additions to our platform from geographies -- geographic coverage standpoint that
we'd like to make, and I think M&A will be a vehicle for us in that regard. Having said that, I also -- I do
think that's an augment. You saw Packet as really the first of really a capabilities type of acquisition. We're
super excited about what they bring to the table, what that is going to allow for us in terms of bringing an
enterprise-grade bare metal offering to the table that is really going to be responsive to customer needs
and will help animate our core value proposition in really compelling ways and ways that our customers
are asking for. So -- and as for whether or not we might see other things that look like that, that are
more capabilities oriented, I would certainly say that's a possibility for us. We're going to continue to
build, buy or partner as we need to, to execute on the strategy, and to make sure that we can capture the
opportunity in front of us.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Aryeh, one of the things I'll just add on, maybe just making one other comment just about the EBITDA
margins. Because one of the things is, we do recognize that there are these higher costs that are going
through the financials. But if you look at it on a quarterly basis, Q1 theoretically will be our lowest guide.
And then as each quarter goes by through the year, you would see an improving EBITDA margin. And so
it gives you a sense that, with the operating leverage of the business, that we're realizing plus recognizing
these costs, but for the momentum that we foresee will cause our margins to continue to go up. So when
we enter 2021, obviously, we're not -- we'd be in a better position than we are, coming out of Q1.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Our next question will come from Colby Synesael with Cowen and Company.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. Maybe just a few housekeeping items, just to start off. First off, on the greater than 5% Americas
growth, that should be thought of as like a fourth quarter 2020 growth number, right? Not a full 2020 over
2019 number, correct?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. We see it growing throughout the year, as we're trying to say. So I think it's more second half than a
first half.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then the next question, you mentioned, I think, 3% to 4% stabilized growth. Is that recurring
stabilized growth? Or is that total stabilized growth?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Recurring.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay, recurring. And then you had previously guided to greater than 50% EBITDA margins by 2022 at
your 2018 Analyst Day, is that still your expectation?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Well, since that time, Colby, we had sort of -- we had put more perhaps uncertainty around the exact
timing. I think our posture over the past 1.5 years or so has really been that we believe that 50% is
achievable, but that we're not willing to trade off sort of long-term value creation for achievement of a
near-term margin objective. And so I think that we still believe it is achievable. I think our primary focus
as a team is going to continue to be long-term value creation. And by the way, that does not mean we
have, in any way, shape or form, lost focus on driving operating leverage. It's a key priority for us to allow
us to invest in the business and still deliver the financial results we need. But right now, I wouldn't want to
put a particular time line on the 50%.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then just my last one, cabinet adds. So cabinet adds in 2019 were lower in aggregate across
all regions total versus 2018. And in this most recent quarter, you added a decent amount of cabs to your
inventory. And we really didn't see any meaningful acceleration in installs, and your utilization rate actually
came down again, and I think now, it's slightly below 80%. What's your expectation for cabinet adds? You
mentioned 32 expansions that are ongoing. How should we think about that number maybe on a year-
over-year basis in '20 versus '19? And how big of a focus is that metric for you guys when you look at the
performance of the business?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, I think there's a couple of things. One, there's always some level of volatility in it, and that's
why we've always encouraged people to look at the rolling 4 quarter. Having said that, even when you
look at a rolling 4 quarter, I think you're seeing some downward pressure. And I think that is primarily

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

a factor of a couple of things: one, it's really a factor of execution -- it's a reflection of execution of the
strategy, frankly; and by going to the xScale product, that is going to take some really lumpy things out
of the mix, if you look at the nonfinancial metric sheet and you look at Asia, which was, I think, Q1 of
last year, it was like, if memory serves, 5,700 cabs or something crazy. And a lot of that was stuff that
we would be pushing off into xScale. And so I think that the mix of business is going to shift probably to
put a little downward pressure on cabinet. I think, by the way, we have sized our capacity investments in
all of our new builds to reflect that strategy. So we didn't overbuild and we didn't go, "Oh, s***, well, we
didn't -- and now we got too much." We -- that was always our plan. And so I think you're going to see
a little bit of movement in utilization as new capacity comes online, but I think the -- if you take the last
few quarters, you're probably -- and average them, you're probably seeing a reasonable reflection of what
we're going to do from a cabinet adds perspective. And again, you'll obviously see a little bit of lumpiness
in that. But I do think there's a little bit of downward pressure, but I think that should not be viewed as
a negative. It should be viewed as a really a reflection of the strength of the core strategy and how we're
delivering against it.

Operator

Our next question will come from Michael Rollins with Citi.

Michael Rollins
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

First, can you give us an update on where your customers are from a grooming perspective for
interconnection? And how that could play over the course of the year? And then just taking a step back,
are you seeing any change in demand for the markets and data centers kind of below the original primary
interconnection points that have been part of the heritage Equinix story for a long time? And just curious,
given the trends that you talked about, if there's just an expansion of interest in where customers want to
locate their infrastructure?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Mike, what was the first part again? I'm sorry. I was thinking about the second one.

Michael Rollins
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

On the grooming perspective for interconnection.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Got it. Yes. By the way, it sounds like cold got you, so I hope you're feeling better. The grooming,
I would say that we're -- again, particularly as it relates -- the biggest interconnection grooming tends
to come either in the form of 10 to 100 migration for really large interconnection consumers. And as I
said, I think that the really big ones have already come through the process, particularly in the U.S. and
when I say the U.S., they're really U.S.-based companies, but they've really sort of largely embarked on
their global grooming already. So I think we're -- I used the words that we were going to probably see
it tapering through 2020. I think that's still the case. We saw fourth quarter was -- we did not see what
we thought we might see, which was something that happened fourth quarter of last year of '18, which
was we felt like the network moratoriums really kept people from -- we saw really a Q3 to Q4 that was
roughly kind of linear to roughly flat. But bottom line, I think that we'll see some tapering of that. I think
a lot of our customers are very advanced. And then the other major form of grooming you see is when
carrier consolidation occurs. And we've seen some of that over time, but I wouldn't say that we're seeing
any sort of acute levels of that. So I think that, on balance, over the course of 2020, that's something
that we'll see improve. And I think we're going to see -- and we've kind of guided to the 7,000 to 9,000
on interconnections. That typically is made up of sort of 5,000 to 7,000 on physical cross-connects, and
then, call it, in the couple thousand range on virtual. I think we're going to see virtual continue to climb,
although there's a bit of a mix there in terms of how people -- what speeds they're buying at and those

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

kinds of things. But overall, I think it will taper off, and we'll see it really -- I think we'll see a strong
interconnection year. I mean this last quarter was a really strong interconnection quarter. We're really,
really pleased with the performance of the business.

And then your second question, as to sort of the mix of demand from sort of first tier interconnection-rich
campuses in locations versus others, I do think that there is -- one of the things that has really helped
us, Mike, is that we extended the ECX Fabric and interconnected all of our facilities. And so now people
still have the ability to on-ramp to the broader ecosystem from any of our facilities, and that our people
have -- our teams have really been able to work that into the selling. And so let's face it, it's the Ashburns
and Silicon Valleys and Frankfurts and Londons and Amsterdams that continue to drive big investment
and really big growth. But some of these -- some of the second markets or even the second -- more of
the second-tier facilities within primary markets, I think that the Fabric has been a help for us in terms of
making sure that we're monetizing those effectively.

Operator

Our next question will come from Frank Louthan with Raymond James.

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Following up on the Packet question. Are there any other products that you think that you need to have
in your arsenal there to service the customers? And in the past, you sort of skewed things that might
compete with your customers, are you rethinking that to a certain extent maybe with network or other
things?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, we had talked, and as we've sort of laid out our Platform -- our evolving Platform strategy in
the past, we've talked about this edge services layer, and we talked about network edge, compute edge,
edge data, edge security, et cetera. We think there's opportunities for us in all of those and it will be a
mix of things that we will deliver ourselves, which we did with network edge, and which we did -- with
which we now are facilitating via the Packet acquisition with some level of edge compute. But we also
think there will be perhaps even more of those that are edge-based services that represent combinations
of our value with third-party value and partner value. And so -- which gets me to sort of the second part
of your question, which is are we kind of -- we have -- we typically have had a position where we are a bit
of a neutral player. And I think that serves us well. And we've always been about choice and optionality
in making sure customers can select from the providers that they want. And I don't think that, from a
philosophy standpoint, changes a bit for us. And so we're going to continue to embrace that. We're going
to continue to invite partners in to deliver value. In some cases, if customers are pressing us to deliver
services that they want to see from us, then we're going to seriously consider that. If we think those are
areas where we have the capability to play, the permission to play and that they'll deliver the very kinds of
returns. And so it's going to be an evolution of our strategy. But I think that we're going to continue to be
about building ecosystems, where people can bring value, combining with what we do and solve customer
problems. So I'd encourage you to come to Analyst Day, which I'm sure we'll see you there in June, and I
think we'll probably have a little bit more meat on that bone that we can share with you.

Operator

Our next question will come from Simon Flannery with Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith, just on the leverage, you've obviously done a nice job bringing that down. How are you thinking of
the 3% to 4% range, but given where interest rates are, is it more optimal to stay in the upper half of that
range? And are you seeing any opportunities to build in, buy in more of your real estate?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

And then for Charles, on the build timing, the point on funnel visibility was very helpful. But there's a lot
of stuff, 18-plus, even 24 months out. What's the thought process around that? Is any of that driven by
construction or other complications? Or is it really just phasing the buildings out there? And I'm thinking
of some of the stuff like the Amsterdam moratorium and stuff, are you seeing any other municipalities
looking at some of those issues?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Okay. Simon, so let me take the first part, and then we'll push it to Charles for the second part.
First, on leverage. Right now, with 3.7x levered, clearly, that's well within our guided range. And
historically, we said 3 to 4, but after we got a credit rating upgrade, we always felt that we probably
play at the higher end of that range. But truthfully, when you just look at the operating leverage in
the business, as you look forward over a number of years, all else being equal, you're going to be in
a deleveraging scenario. Or said, differently, it's going to give you the flexibility to choose how you
deploy that capital and keep leverage at an appropriate level. So we feel very, very confident that we're
appropriately levered. We think with just the growth of the business, that we would otherwise delever,
again, all else being equal. And we know that we can then borrow money, we can borrow money today
and in all likelihood, tomorrow at a much more cost than we're incurring today. And that's what gives us
-- again, we're trying to be very clear with our AFFO per share that the interest burden that we're bearing
today relative to what we'll bear tomorrow is more substantial. And you just can do the math on the $3
billion worth of euro debt, or the $2 billion of high-yield debt that's yet to be refinanced. The substantial
savings that can be realized from just refinancing those today at current rates versus where the rates may
eventually go is substantial to the AFFO per share.

As it relates to buying some of our real estate, we're always looking at it, but it's a buy versus lease
decision. And it's really about economic control of the assets. But absolutely, to the extent there's
something out there that makes sense, we'll be active. Particularly when we look at the lease costs of our
-- the lease costs that we're bearing in the contract with our landlord. And so that's just -- let me just
assure you, that's something that we'll continue to look at. We have a very strong real estate organization
inside our company, and we remain active at looking at our properties.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

And then on the build, yes, I get the gist of that question. Obviously, some of those are a little bit more
protracted in terms of their delivery time frames. Some of that is just markets where, for a variety of
reasons, it's more difficult to get things done from a permitting perspective, from a power perspective. It's
oftentimes power that is the -- and the availability of power that dictate the time line on these things. But
generally, we are building phased projects. So we have a level of confidence in terms of not putting too
much capacity into the market out -- in the get-go. Unless those are xScale that are fully presold, in which
case, obviously, if we -- if there's a presold, we want to get them built out as quickly as possible. I would
say that, from a construction standpoint, it's a robust market.

And so there are -- I do think part of it is just macro forces, which is the demand for labor, for example,
in these markets is high. And so that is an area where I actually think we end up being differentiated,
because we kind of often can get to the front of the line because we have a history of having done 4
or 5 or 8 or 10 projects with somebody. And when we say, "We need your best teams," we often get
them. And so -- but there are some protracted time lines. It's something that I think Ralph and our
construction teams globally are continuing to work on. There are also sometimes, where there's specific
circumstances, whether that will be, for example, Olympics, that is often something that sort of changes
the circumstances of a particular bill. But I wouldn't say right now it's anything in terms of extending
project time lines due to supply chain challenges or anything like that. But there are some that are further
-- definitely further out there in time.

Operator

Our next question will come from Jon Petersen with Jefferies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Jonathan Michael Petersen
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. In the press release, talking about cross-connect adds, you guys called out new streaming services
as a big demand driver. I'm kind of curious with your experience with some of the streaming services that
have been around for a few years that I'm sure you have those customers kind of what the ramp is in
terms of how they add cross connects? Is it -- are you guys kind of expecting this one big wave when they
launch the product? Or is it kind of a steady stream of demand going forward?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Well, you're right. We have -- we do have experience in this area. But I would say the dynamics of those,
and also, potentially the market power of the players involved are different. And I think if you look at
public information in terms of what some of these services have done, they have been exceptionally
successful in terms of subscriber acquisition. So I'm not sure I would apply any prior experience
necessarily to these things, but they're very thoughtful organizations. We work very closely with them in
terms of capacity planning, and we're excited about what we think those could imply in terms of continued
sort of tailwinds really for the interconnection business.

Jonathan Michael Petersen
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then maybe to kind of come back to the leverage and equity needs potentially, it looks like
the 2020 guidance assumes no equity issuance. I think last year, you initially gave guidance that didn't
assume equity issuance, and then you did. And so I'm kind of curious what your sources of capital needs
are for equity throughout the year? Should we expect you guys to dribble out through the ATM? Or any
other -- anything else?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Again, in 2019, we really -- we sort of front run the process as far as raising equity sooner in the year
than we originally anticipated. And then, as you know, in the back end of the year, we raised a little bit
more debt than we needed to, went to refinance the debt that we're taking out, but it put some cash on
the balance sheet, which was really a precursor to funding for 2020. And so we're in obviously a very
good position from a cash and liquidity perspective. And we're going to take this posture, it's always about
creating long-term shareholder value. But we also believe that it's a combination of debt and equity that's
got us to where we need to be. Obviously, debt is the cheapest form of capital today, and we're going
to continue to look at the markets on that basis. There's nothing imminent. And as you also know, we
have an ATM program that still has capacity on it, $300 million of the current ATM program still has our
availability. And so if we were to draw on capital for any purpose, it will be a combination of both, and
we're going to be very strategic about those decisions as we have in the past.

Operator

Our last question will come from Nick Delito (sic) [ Nick Del Deo ] with MoffettNathanson.

Nicholas Ralph Del Deo
MoffettNathanson LLC

A question on Packet, to start. I think people generally understand where the sustainable competitive
advantage for core Equinix comes from. How would you describe the source and durability of the
competitive advantage for Packet?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Great question, Nick. Because the great answer to it, I think, is that it's actually the Equinix value
proposition. If you look at it, Packet is really a reflection of shifts in how people want to consume our value

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

proposition. Our core value proposition is -- it continues to be what it has been, superior global reach,
advantaged access to scale digital ecosystems, to drive cost and performance, the most comprehensive
interconnection portfolio in the business and an unparalleled track record of service excellence. And we
have, for 20 years, been animating that value proposition with colo. But what Packet allows is for us to
essentially animate that same -- those same value propositions via a different consumption vehicle for
our customers. And so the durable advantage still relies -- it still resides very much in what core platform
Equinix delivers, and the bare metal service, obviously, we're going to need to deliver a, from a usability
perspective and from an API-integration perspective and the efforts and capabilities that Packet has to --
for automation and integration with the software ecosystem with the likes of VMware, et cetera. Those are
all things we're going to leverage to make sure that, that's a really competitive bare metal offer. But it's
the powerful part about this is it's unlocking and extending and increasing the addressable market for the
core Equinix value proposition.

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. That concludes our Q4 call. Thank you for joining us.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. All participants may disconnect at this time. Thank you for your
participation on today's conference.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

