Equifax Inc. NYSE:EFX
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 22, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.60

1.87

Revenue  (mm)

1004.24

1068.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-22-2020 1:25 PM GMT

16.88

6.38

1.50

6.06

6.26

965.43

3911.34

4003.37

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.49

1.28

1.30

1.60

1.53

1.40

1.60

1.87

2.68 %

9.38 %

23.08 %

16.88 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

18

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dorian Hare
Senior Vice President of Corporate
Investor Relations

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Kyle David Peterson
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

William Warmington;Wells
Fargo Securities, LLC, Research
Division;MD & Senior Equity
Analyst

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Charles Steinerman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Andrew William Jeffrey
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Ashish Sabadra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Brett Richard Huff
Stephens Inc., Research Division

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Equifax Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is
being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dorian Hare. Please go ahead.

Dorian Hare
Senior Vice President of Corporate Investor Relations

Thanks, and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call. I am Dorian Hare. With me today are
Mark Begor, Chief Executive Officer; and John Gamble, Chief Financial Officer.

Today's call is being recorded. An archive of the recording will be available later today in the Investor
Relations section in the About Equifax tab of our website at www.equifax.com.

During the call today, we will be making reference to certain materials that can also be found in the
Investor Relations section of our website under Events and Presentations. These materials are labeled Q3
2020 Earnings Release Presentation.

During this call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements to help you understand Equifax and
its business environment. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our
business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our 2019 Form 10-K and subsequent filings.

Also, we'll be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EPS attributable to
Equifax and adjusted EBITDA, which will be adjusted for certain items that affect the comparability of
our underlying operational performance. Certain revenue variances referred to on this call are based on
adjusted revenue from the third quarter of 2019. These non-GAAP measures are detailed in reconciliation
tables, which are included with our earnings release and are also posted on our website.

Now I'd like to turn it over to Mark.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Thanks, Dorian, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our third quarter earnings call.
Businesses and consumers around the world continue to face challenges brought on by the COVID-19
pandemic. I hope you and your families are continuing to be safe in managing this unprecedented
environment. At Equifax, we continue to make the health and safety of our 11,000 employees a top
priority.

Turning first to the slide deck on Page #4. Before I cover our very strong third quarter performance, I
wanted to recap our focus over the past 3 years to transform Equifax to drive revenue growth, margins
and cash in the future. Today, we saw a unique industry and vertical customer and consumer challenges
through our differentiated data assets and best-in-class advanced analytics. Most of our differentiated and
-- our most differentiated and most valuable data asset is our TWN income and employment data.

We are building an industry-leading global native -- cloud-native technology footprint enabled by best-in-
class, cloud-native tools that will leverage our new cloud-based single-data fabric. We've taken an industry
leadership position in data security by changing our culture, our technology solutions and governance to
ensure customer and consumer data that is safer than it has ever been before. We're relentlessly focused
on a customer-first mentality, and we have a market-leading position in 25 countries.

In building the new Equifax, we are executing on our $1.5 billion cloud data and technology transformation
that will move our data to a single cloud-native data fabric and move our legacy applications to the Google
Cloud. We're ramping up our investments in innovation and product resources to drive new product
acceleration by leveraging our cloud investments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

We're strengthening our differentiated data portfolio with new unique data assets that complement our
view of consumers. We're leveraging advanced analytics, our patented AI technology and cloud-native
technology to deliver multi-data solutions, and we're differentiating our business portfolio by acquiring
new capabilities and entering new areas of growth.

Turning now to Slide #5. The COVID pandemic has accelerated key market macros that are positive for
Equifax and for the industry. First, in our data-driven economy, it's clear that both deeper insights from
comprehensive data sources like the U.S. consumer credit database at Equifax and the use of multiple and
alternative data types are critical for risk management, customer prospecting, employment verification
and an array of other activities engaged by our customers.

More differentiated data was a positive macro prior to COVID-19. These economic impacts of the
pandemic have only accelerated this trend around differentiated data. Differentiated data and analytics are
more valuable than ever to our customers.

Second, providers of credit are increasingly delivering real-time and advanced analytics that utilize
artificial intelligence and machine learning to deliver incremental insights beyond core data. This trend
has been accelerated during COVID, including instances where fraudsters have expanded efforts around
fraud, account takeover or activities such as loan stacking and -- such as loan stacking. Identity and fraud
solutions are increasingly valuable.

Third, consumers, especially those from the digital age, have expectations that their financial and
workplace interactions function digitally. We've seen this trend towards digital accelerate in the current
COVID environment as face-to-face interactions have become increasingly rare.

And last, fintechs and alternative lenders are nimbly taking share of wallet from traditional financial
institutions. We've seen this trend challenge somewhat the near term due to economic pressures,
including disruptions in capital flows, but we expect it will reaccelerate as we move into 2021. The Equifax
team is laser-focused on delivering solutions to help our customers meet the challenging economic
demands caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Our new cloud-native data and applications are delivering integrated data solutions that we were
unable to execute on in our legacy environment with unprecedented data currency and speed. We're
applying advanced analytics and alternative data assets towards the creation of trended insights that can
better help our customers manage in this COVID environment where the consumer credit profiles are
complicated by unemployment, salary reduction, furloughs and loan accommodations.

Our new cloud-based Luminate identity and fraud platform that uses these advanced analytics, along
with machine learning and data orchestration, is providing risk managers with greater insights to better
manage fraud. And our solutions enable our organizations across industries to adopt to new realities of
using digital solutions to interact with their customers. Whether it's an automotive dealership looking to
convert online browsers, to online purchasers without stepping foot in the dealership or a credit union
looking for ways to support members while operating with a reduced branch footprint, Equifax solutions
help organization of all types to drive new digital interactions. The COVID recession has accelerated key
market macros around the value of broader data assets and real-time decisioning that will benefit Equifax
in the future.

Turning to Slide 6. It highlights how Equifax goes beyond the standard credit report to give lenders,
employers, marketers and other service providers a fuller, more complete 360-degree picture of a
consumer's financial life to enhance decisioning. We are working with our customers to leverage the
traditional credit file that lenders already rely on to understand the financial profile of candidates for loans
and services. Instead of focusing only on financial activity or delinquency over the past 3 to 6 months, our
trended data and analytics allow lenders to look at delinquencies over an extended period while closely
monitoring indicators of financial distress, such as utilization increases and loan accommodations.

We estimate that this deeper view of traditional credit reports may allow nearly 4 million consumers who
have recently moved down from prime and super prime credit categories due to credit policy tightening
to move back up, consumers that may be good candidates for cards or personal loans who may otherwise

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

be overlooked as lenders execute their traditional recession playbook. Even more importantly, alternative
data in the form of Equifax's unique TWN income and employment information has become increasingly
critical as uncertain job market impacts underwriting and the ability of consumer to repay their loan.
Unique data we provide helps lenders and consumers together to verify that a borrower is employed when
a credit decision is made.

The do-it-yourself alternative requesting hard copy employment and income verifications can lengthen
process workflows and cannot be verified. We estimate that the addition of TWN income and employment
data into credit decisioning can move more than 7 million consumers up into prime and super prime
categories so they can receive larger loans and other services with renewed lender confidence.

Telco, utility, bank transaction and commercial data are further examples of Equifax' unique and
differentiated data sets. Our cloud technology transformation is delivering a single data fabric that
combines our multiple databases into one environment to enable more nimble innovation, insights and
analytics, while at the same time, enhancing regulatory compliance.

We have an incredible appetite for new and differentiated data, and we believe that more data delivers
better decisions for our customers. I hope this gives you a strong sense of our broad range of strategic
initiatives as we are transforming Equifax for the future.

Turning now to Slide 7 and our third quarter financial results. Equifax continued with very strong
performance again in the third quarter. I'm very encouraged by the resiliency and strength of Equifax and
how our teams around the world are meeting the challenges of COVID to help our customers, partners and
consumers. We are operating more effectively and efficiently with more energy and momentum than I've
seen since I joined Equifax, and I believe we'll be a stronger, more resilient organization when this global
pandemic is over.

During the third quarter, we saw very strong revenue performance, particularly at Workforce Solutions
and USIS, with broad-based improving revenue trends resulting in strong cash generation and EBITDA
margins, while we continue to make incremental investments in technology, new product innovation and
security.

Revenue growth of 19% is the highest quarterly growth in our history, and we eclipsed $1 billion of
quarterly revenue for the first time in Equifax's history, all huge milestones. I'll talk more in a minute
about our financial results.

We continue to make proactive customer collaboration a key priority in order to drive engagement, deal
pipelines and new product innovation. During the quarter and past several weeks, I've been engaged
with our key customers. This is the most challenging environment they've ever faced. Broadly, data is
more valuable today than ever and our unique data assets like TWN and advanced analytics are critical to
helping our customers navigate through this pandemic.

We continue to take advantage of our strong cash generation to accelerate our cloud data technology
transformation investments. Under Bryson Koehler's leadership and with the support of thousands of
technology team members, we are making continued strong progress on our $1.5 billion technology
transformation, and we are seeing new customers accessing our cloud-native solutions each week as our
migrations accelerate.

We're also continuing to expand our investments and resources around innovation in new products that
are helping our customers manage today's challenging environment, but also with an eye on beyond the
pandemic. Our transformation into a product-led organization focused on innovation and enabled by best-
in-class cloud-native data assets and world-class technology is becoming more real every day and will
power our business in 2021 and beyond. Our team's strong execution and outperformance in the third
quarter is another very positive step forward for Equifax.

Turning to Slide 8. Our financial results for the third quarter were strong and broad-based. Revenue of
$1.07 billion was up 19% on a reported and local currency basis, which is well above our expectations and
the framework of 10% to 12% that we shared with you in early September. M&A contributed less than 1%
in the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Our growth was again powered by our U.S. B2B businesses, USIS and Workforce Solutions, which had
a combined revenue of up a very strong 32.5% and combined adjusted EBITDA margins of over 50%.
Workforce Solutions continued their exceptional performance driven by the value of the TWN database
with revenues up 57% in the quarter, while generating EBITDA margins of 58%. This marked Workforce
Solutions' second consecutive quarter of 50% plus revenue growth. And USIS also exhibited strong
revenue growth of 15%.

Our strong U.S. B2B business performance continues to be powered by our focus on growth and our
differentiated data assets. U.S. mortgage revenue was up almost 90% compared to the third quarter of
2019. U.S. mortgage market inquiries, our proxy for the overall mortgage market growth, were up 51% in
the third quarter, driven by strength in both the new purchase and refinancing mortgage volumes.

The driver of our U.S. B2B business' substantial outperformance versus the market continues to be
Workforce Solutions, where mortgage revenue more than doubled for the second consecutive quarter in a
row. This was driven by the value that our customers place on our unique TWN income and employment
data, the rollout of new products, the addition of new customers, improved customer penetration and
expansion of our TWN data records. U.S. mortgage revenue growth of 57% also outpaced the market
by 600 basis points. Our unemployment insurance claims business grew over 70% in the quarter with
revenue of $50 million.

In the third quarter, Workforce Solutions processed about 3.4 million initial unemployment claims, which
is down from 7.5 million initial claims in the second quarter. Workforce Solutions continues to process
roughly 1 in 5 U.S. initial unemployment claims. We expect that unemployment claims to continue above
2019 levels in the fourth quarter but at a reduced level compared to the third quarter.

Excluding the growth from unemployment claims, which we would not expect to recur in 2021, Equifax
revenue growth was up a very strong 17% in the third quarter and is up over 12% year-to-date. Revenue
growth drove adjusted EBITDA to $391 million, up 29%, with a 274 -- 270 basis point expansion in our
margins to 36.6%. We prudently balance cost controls while making target investments in our cloud
transformation, new products and data and analytics.

Adjusted EPS at $1.87 a share was up a strong 26% despite incurring increased depreciation and
amortization and incremental cloud cost of $0.15, an increased interest expense of $0.06 per share from
our second quarter bond offering. This exceeded our expectations in the framework of $1.50 to $1.60 we
shared with you in September.

USIS revenue of $386 million was up a very strong 15% in the third quarter with the M&A contribution
less than 0.5%. Total USIS mortgage revenue of $179 million was up 57% in the quarter as both purchase
and refi transactions remained strong throughout the quarter and better than our expectations of up about
45% from our call last month.

Nonmortgage revenue also strengthened in USIS sequentially in the quarter at down 6%, up from down
7% in the second quarter. Importantly, we saw a substantial improvement in nonmortgage online revenue,
which was down only 5% as compared to almost 10% decline we saw in the second quarter.

We saw a very good sequential improvement in banking, insurance, rental and direct-to-consumer, with
insurance turning from down double digits to up double digits in the quarter. We are starting to see signs
of customers restarting origination efforts with several major FIs revenue up versus 2019 for the first time
in the pandemic, which is a positive sign for the future.

In September, we saw positive growth in both insurance and direct-to-consumer, which, although still
negative, we saw improvements in banking and auto, both of which had only single-digit declines.

Financial Marketing Services revenue, which is broadly speaking our off-line or batch business of $46
million was down 9%, consistent with our expectations. Marketing-related revenue, which represents
just under 40% of FMS continued to be down significantly, but did show some improvement as we move
through the third quarter. Risk decisioning, which includes portfolio review activities and represents about
40% of MFS (sic) [ FMS ] revenue was down slightly due to a large onetime project last year. And identity
and fraud-related revenue, which represents about 20% of FMS, was flat.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

I'm very encouraged by the progress of Sid Singh and of the USIS teams continue to make, especially
during these challenging economic times. They are competitive commercially and on offense. We continue
to see very strong new deal pipeline growth at USIS, with total pipeline value up over 30% versus last
year, driven by growth in the volume and average size of our USIS pipeline opportunities. Larger deal
opportunities are very positive signs as we look to accelerate USIS revenue growth.

USIS adjusted EBITDA margins of 46% were up 160 basis points from last year and up 180 basis points
sequentially. The improvements both year-to-year and sequentially were driven principally by the
significant growth in high-margin online revenue.

Turning now to Workforce Solutions. They had another exceptional quarter with revenue of $377 million,
up a very strong 57%. Year-to-date revenue is already over $1 billion at Workforce Solutions. Rudy
Ploder and the EWS team continue to leverage broad structural growth drivers, including new products,
penetration, pricing, new verticals and record additions to fuel their above-market growth.

EWS remains our most differentiated business, particularly in this unprecedented consumer environment
where our TWN income and employment data is immensely valuable. Verification Service revenues at
$301 million was up 63% versus 2019. Verification Services mortgage revenue more than doubled for the
second quarter in a row, growing more than 80 percentage points faster than the 51% growth we saw in
the mortgage market credit inquiries in the third quarter.

Verification Services nonmortgage revenue was up about 4% in the quarter and slightly outperformed
our expectations. Similar to the second quarter, we continue to see growth in government and health
care as well as in the auto vertical as we increase penetration of TWN. During the third quarter, we saw
a significant recovery in talent solutions, reflecting both increased U.S. hiring and the rollout of new
products. Consistent with second quarter, debt management continues to be very soft.

Employer Services revenue of $76 million increased 37% in the quarter, driven by our unemployment
claims business, which had revenue of $50 million and was up 70% compared to last year. Adjusting for
the $20 million of incremental UC claims revenue in the quarter, Employer Services was flat with revenue
growth in I-9 and onboarding services that was driven by the acceleration of I-9 Anywhere solutions,
offset by declines in our tax credit business.

Transaction activity in our I-9 and onboarding products improved through the third quarter and
sequentially versus the second quarter, driven by new hiring activity with our customers. Many of the large
retail shipping and e-commerce companies utilize our I-9 onboarding products. In addition, we're seeing a
positive shift to our new remote I-9 product suite with new customer wins.

Strong EWS Verifier revenue growth resulted in adjusted EBITDA margins in Workforce Solutions of
57.8%, a 900 basis point expansion from the prior year.

Turning now to International. Their revenue of $218 million was down 5% on a constant currency basis,
a substantial improvement from the down 15% in second quarter and better than our expectations as
shelter-in-place orders were lifted at many markets and economic activity resumed.

Asia Pacific, which is principally our Australia business, had a very good performance in the quarter with
revenue of $80 million, about flat in local currency versus last year and better than the down 5% we
expected earlier in September. Australia consumer online revenue, down 5% versus last year, a significant
improvement from the down double digits we saw in second quarter.

Our Australian commercial business combined online and off-line revenue was up 1% in the quarter,
again, a nice improvement from the prior period. Fraud and identity results were up over 15% in the third
quarter versus the down 12% in second quarter. These areas of improvement offset declines in consumer
marketing services, our consumer off-line business and HR solutions. Consistent with second quarter, they
continue to be down versus last year.

New Zealand revenue was down just over 10% in the quarter, significant improvement from the down
25% in the second quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

European revenues of $59 million were down 13% in local currency in the third quarter. Our European
credit business was down about 7%, with Spain performing slightly better than the U.K. In the U.K.,
consumer online revenue was down just over 10%, a significant improvement from the down 20% we saw
in second quarter.

Analytical and decision solutions revenue was almost flat in the quarter, a significant improvement from
about -- down about 20% in second quarter. Combined consumer online and analytical decision solutions
represent about 70 -- 75% of our U.K. CRA business.

Similar to the U.S., our consumer off-line business continues to show significant declines due to reductions
in economic activity and credit originations. Banking revenue, driven by new wins with top 5 U.K. banks,
was up over 25% in the quarter. Our U.K. banking team is seeing real momentum.

Our European debt management business declined 20% in local currency, in line with our expectations,
principally driven by government enacted policies that continued to temporarily halt debt collections due to
COVID-19. U.K. government debt placement activities restarted in August. We expect fourth quarter debt
management revenue to improve meaningfully as September debt placements were up 5x versus pre-
COVID levels.

Turning to Latin America. Their revenue of $40 million decreased 6% in local currency in the third quarter,
better than the down 9% we expected earlier in the quarter. Importantly, our Latin America revenues were
much better than the down 14% we saw in the second quarter.

In the quarter, Chile, our largest country in Latin America, delivered positive revenue growth. And our
Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay businesses showed significant improvements from second quarter, down
about 4% in the quarter versus 2019. These markets continue to benefit from the resumption of economic
activity expansion of Ignite, the migration of customers to our global cloud-based interconnect SaaS
decisioning platform. We're also seeing the benefit of the strong new product introductions over the past 3
years in the region.

Canada revenue of $39 million was flat to local currency in the third quarter, a significant improvement
from the down 13% in second quarter and in line with our expectations from our September call.
Consumer online and commercial were both down about 5% in the third quarter, and both were a
substantial improvement from almost 20% declines in the second quarter.

Analytical and decision solutions were about flat in the quarter against substantial improvement from the
second quarter. We delivered nice growth in Canada in our ID and Fraud business and property service
businesses. And combined with the improved performance of the other segments allowed us to improve to
flat in the third quarter.

International adjusted EBITDA margins of 32.3% were up 130 basis points from last year despite the
decline in revenue, principally reflecting benefits from cost actions taken in 2019 and strong expense
management this year.

Turning now to global solutions revenue, which was down 2% on a reported and local currency basis in
the quarter. Our Global Consumer Direct business was up 6%, their highest growth since 2017. Our North
American Consumer Direct business revenue was up a solid 6% versus 2019, while the U.K. Consumer
Direct revenue was about flat. Importantly, we continue to see sequential subscriber growth in the U.S.
and Canada, our 2 largest markets. Based on a continuation of these trends, we expect our Consumer
Direct business to show positive revenue growth in the fourth quarter. Bev Anderson and the GCS team
have done a good job returning our Global Direct business to a growth mode.

Our remaining GCS businesses, principally our partner businesses as well as our benefits channel and
event-based businesses, decreased about 10% in the quarter, in line with our expectations. We delivered
11% growth in our benefits channel and event-based businesses, but this growth was more than offset by
declines in our U.S. lead gen partner business as originations continue to be soft in the third quarter.

GCS adjusted EBITDA margins of 24.8% decreased 10 basis points compared to the prior year period due
to increased marketing spend to drive future direct revenue and lower lead generation revenue, offset

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

by onetime setup costs incurred during the third quarter of 2019 related to a new multiyear contact --
contract.

Slide 9 highlights the acceleration of revenue growth over the last several years and quarters, broken
down between the growth drivers from the extraordinary UC claims revenue in 2020 from high
unemployment and the strong U.S. mortgage revenue market to help you look through the impact of
these strong market factors to the underlying Equifax core growth.

As we discussed earlier in the third quarter, Equifax grew 19% overall with 200 basis points of that growth
from UC claim revenue and 11 points of Equifax revenue growth from the strong U.S. mortgage market.
We are very pleased with the 6% core growth with strong sequential growth versus the minus 2% in
second quarter, particularly with the headwinds from the COVID recession.

Equifax is clearly outperforming our and your expectations in the COVID recession. The impact of the
strong U.S. mortgage market is highlighted in purple and reflects growth driven directly by the strong
underlying U.S. mortgage market. To be clear, this is not the growth of Equifax U.S. mortgage revenue,
but is instead only growth directly attributable to the U.S. mortgage market itself that we estimate based
on mortgage market credit inquiries. During the third quarter, 11 points of Equifax' 19% growth was from
the strong U.S. mortgage market.

The impact of the extraordinary UC claims growth in 2020 is highlighted in blue. We are providing this
given the dramatic unusual growth in the year we are seeing in 2020 that we expect to normalize over
time.

Equifax core growth is in green and reflects the resiliency and breadth of our business performance in
the COVID recession. Essentially, this is the sum of the growth in our U.S. nonmortgage businesses, our
International businesses and GCS and growth in our U.S. mortgage businesses above underlying mortgage
market growth.

Excluding the impact of the U.S. mortgage market and UC claims, Equifax core growth has expanded from
2% to 3% in 2018 and 2019 during the global financial crisis to 5% in the first quarter and now 6% in
the third quarter, while we're still in the middle of the COVID pandemic. This performance reflects the
resiliency and breadth of the Equifax portfolio.

As I will cover on the next slide, it's important to recognize that in the third quarter, a significant portion
of the 6% of Equifax core growth is being driven by our outperformance in our U.S. B2B mortgage vertical
powered by Workforce Solutions core growth, which was a strong 30% and USIS, which was only down
1% on a core growth basis. This ability to substantially outgrow the underlying market is core to our
business model and a substantial strength that should continue to provide significant benefits through the
balance of 2020 and into 2021.

Equifax is dramatically stronger in 2020 versus the 2008-2009 recession with revenue up 19% in the
quarter and 12% in second quarter versus down 6% during the global financial crisis, again, reflecting the
strength of today's Equifax portfolio.

A continued strategic focus and strength of Equifax is our deep and broad array of products and solutions
for the U.S. mortgage market and ability to consistently outgrow the underlying market. Slide 10
highlights this through our U.S. B2B businesses, Workforce Solutions and USIS. Both Workforce Solutions
and USIS have consistently outgrown the underlying U.S. mortgage market. The driver of the acceleration
of the outperformance over the past several years has been a tremendous growth in Workforce Solutions
mortgage revenue, which exceeded mortgage market growth rates by over 20 points in 2019, accelerating
to about 80 points of our performance this year.

The key drivers of the strong Workforce Solutions performance includes increased market penetration,
which, by this, we mean both an increase in the percentage of mortgage applications for which the
underwriter requests an income and employment verification from Equifax and an increase in the number
of times a mortgage underwriter request an income and employment verification during the application
process. Both of these drive increased TWN inquiries.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

As we view U.S. mortgage marketing -- as we view U.S. mortgage inquiries as a proxy for the overall
market, an important metric we track is TWN inquiries as a percent of USIS credit inquiries. In third
quarter, this metric for the first time exceeded 50%, where we had 1 TWN mortgage market inquiry for
every 2 USIS credit mortgage market inquiries. This metric has been growing substantially over the past 3
years and has more than doubled since early 2018.

However, at only 50%, it shows that we have a lot of runway ahead of us to reach the same utilization for
TWN as a credit file. We are actively working with our customers to continue to drive penetration through
both expanded selling efforts across our customer ecosystem and increasing customer system-to-system
integrations.

Second is increased fulfillment rate. This is the percentage of times we received a mortgage inquiry that
we can't fulfill and is driven by -- that we can fulfill and is driven by growth in the TWN database. While we
have real scale at over 50% of the nonfarm payroll database, we only fulfill roughly 50% of our inquiries.
As we add records, we are immediately monetized, which provides real leverage for workforce solutions.
Adding new TWN contributors and records is a priority for the TWN -- for the EWS team.

And third is new products. We continue to introduce new Workforce Solutions products that provide
greater value to our customers in terms of depth of data and frequency of polls with higher price points
and margins. We expect NPIs to accelerate in Workforce Solutions from the addition of new product
resources and leverage from the cloud transformation.

Workforce Solutions is clearly our most powerful business. Slide 11 shows they're above market -- their
above market strong performance, which is highly accretive to Equifax revenue growth, margins and cash
flow. Through third quarter, overall workforce revenue growth of $332 million or 48% drove 13 points
of Equifax revenue growth and Workforce core revenue growth of $163 million contributed 6 points of
Equifax core revenue growth versus last year.

The impact on Equifax EBITDA was even more powerful with Workforce Solutions delivering $572 million of
Equifax EBITDA or 44% of our total EBITDA through the third quarter. Equifax is a powerful business and
an important driver of Equifax results in 2020 and in the future.

As shown in Slide 12, you can see the continuing growth in our TWN database, which has been a
significant driver of its value to our customers and the growth of Workforce Solutions. In the third quarter,
we continued to add TWN records and delivered new TWN record growth of 6 million active records in the
quarter even in the high unemployment environment, which drove the TWN database to over 111 million
records, up from the 105 million we had at the end of both first quarter and second quarter. TWN records
were up a strong 20% versus 2019.

We also had a significant milestone in the third quarter with contributors surpassing the 1 million level.
This is 1 million companies in the United States that are contributing their payroll records to Equifax, up
from 64,000 a year ago, which has moved to TWN database deeply into small and mid-market companies.
With the TWN database now providing information on over 88 million unique individuals, firmly over half of
the U.S. nonfarm payroll, we view this as a catalyst for Workforce Solutions given the increasing hit rates
and uniqueness of the data.

As we discussed previously, the Workforce Solutions team is expanding their focus on records beyond
just W2 payroll into areas like 1099 employees, the gig economy and pension income. The increasing
depth of the TWN database with now over 450 million total records has the additional benefit of increasing
the completeness of an individual's job history that we have in the database. This also significantly
increases the value of unique TWN data for both credit decisioning as well as in Talent Solutions and other
applications.

As a reminder, we generate almost 20% of our Verification Services revenue from inactive records that
we have built up over the past decade, which helps provide a full picture of an individual's employment
history. This also expands the uniqueness and value of TWN versus other sources of income or
employment data.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

In what has been the most challenging economic and health environment we face in our lifetimes,
Equifax delivered exceptionally strong performance again in the third quarter while investing in our cloud
transformation and new products. We are focused on finishing 2020 strong while investing for 2021 and
beyond.

I'll now turn the discussion over to John to discuss recent trends in revenue in our underlying markets
as well as to review some other financial items. After John's discussion, I'll come back and review our
progress on the tech transformation and new products.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Thanks, Mark. I'll generally be referring to the financial results from continuing operations represented on
a GAAP basis, but will refer to non-GAAP results as well.

In the third quarter, general corporate expense was $155 million. Excluding nonrecurring costs, adjusted
general corporate expense for the quarter was $109 million, up $38 million from 3Q '19. Corporate
function expenses, such as finance, HR and legal were down year-to-year, reflecting the cost containment
activities we outlined in April. The increase in total general corporate expense is primarily due to higher
incentive compensation costs in 2020 due to our strong and improving financial performance.

We continue to exercise disciplined cost management across the business, while also continuing to invest
in our technology transformation, data and analytics, new products and security. We will accelerate
investments in these areas in 2020 if we believe this will deliver accelerated benefits. Outside of these
areas, headcount additions remain at levels below attrition and discretionary spending has been reduced.
Across the company, business travel remains at very low levels.

For 3Q '20, the effective tax rate used in calculating adjusted EPS was 21.2% and in line with our
expectations. We expect the 4Q '20 tax rate and full year effective tax rate used in calculating adjusted
EPS to be around 24%.

In 3Q '20 and year-to-date, operating cash flow of $367 million and $645 million were up $532 million
and $566 million, respectively, from 2019. The increases reflect the substantial improvements in operating
performance in 2020 as well as lower payments for litigation settlements in 3Q '20 and year-to-date of
$341 million and $246 million, respectively. The timing of payment of the remaining $347 million to the
U.S. consumer restitution fund is principally dependent on the resolution of the appeals filed related to this
case. At this time, we do not expect to fund the remainder of the settlement until early 2021.

Our liquidity and balance sheet remain very strong. At September 30, we had $1.5 billion in cash and
available borrowing capacity on our bank credit facility of $1.1 billion. As Mark mentioned, our 3Q results
were substantially stronger than the implication of the trends through August that we discussed in our
September 8 investor call. The improved results are predominantly in our U.S. B2B business. Importantly,
the improvement was in our U.S. online revenue with significant improvement in nonmortgage revenue as
well as in mortgage. We also had stronger results in International and Australia and Canada. The strength
in adjusted EPS reflects the margin impact from the stronger revenue in September.

Slides 13 through 15 show details of revenue trends on a local currency basis that we saw in 2Q and 3Q
as well as monthly data for July, August and September. We are also providing a view of the trends so
far during the month of October and their implications on 4Q '20 if they were to continue throughout the
quarter. For line items for which daily trends are not available or not relevant, we did not provide monthly
actuals, but did provide 2Q '20 and 3Q '20 data as well as an estimate for 4Q '20. The monthly actuals
data provided should be viewed as directional.

Looking at Slide 13, starting at the bottom of the slide. U.S. B2B revenue growth trended very positively
in September relative to August and in 3Q '20 relative to 2Q '20 with U.S. B2B revenue up 32% in 3Q '20
year-to-year as compared to the 28% year-to-year growth we saw in 2Q '20. This was driven by improved
year-to-year growth in U.S. B2B online revenue.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Mortgage year-to-year revenue growth strengthened significantly in September versus August and in 3Q
'20 year-to-year in both USIS and EWS. This stronger growth was in the context of the stronger mortgage
market we saw in 3Q '19, which grew 20% from 3Q '18.

Importantly, online nonmortgage revenue growth trends also improved meaningfully in both September
and 3Q '20. USIS nonmortgage revenue was down only 3% in September and 5% in 3Q 20 year-to-year,
and EWS saw year-to-year growth in online nonmortgage revenue in both September and third quarter
'20. Workforce Solutions unemployment insurance claims business grew substantially year-to-year again in
the third quarter of '20. We expect strong growth in UC again in 4Q '20, up about 30% year-to-year.

The column on the far right of Slide 13 provides a view on year-to-year revenue growth trends through
mid-October and the implications on 4Q '20 revenue if those trends should continue. A few reminders as
we look at those trends. Fourth quarter is seasonally the lowest quarter for mortgage revenue, reducing
the relative mix of mortgage revenue and overall Equifax revenue. 4Q '19 saw very strong growth in U.S.
B2B online at up 18%, driven by very strong 4Q '19 online mortgage revenue growth of 34%.

Again, starting at the bottom of the Slide 13, should the implication of the revenue trends through
mid-October continue throughout 4Q '20, U.S. B2B online year-to-year revenue should continue to be
extremely strong with growth rates just under 30%. Both USIS online and EWS online Verification Services
growth rates will be very strong, but at levels slightly below what we saw in 3Q '20. Mortgage revenue
growth rates would be slightly weaker than in 3Q '20, reflecting the strength in 4Q '19 mortgage revenue,
particularly in EWS.

USIS nonmortgage year-to-year growth rates would be about flat with 3Q '20 and Workforce nonmortgage
is expected to decline slightly versus the slight growth we saw in 3Q '20.

Workforce Solutions Employer Services year-to-year revenue would be up under 15% as the
unemployment insurance claims business continues with good growth, but at levels lower than 3Q '20.
Financial marketing services revenue would be down consistent with the levels we saw in the third quarter.

Turning to Slide 14. As Mark discussed earlier, International saw significant improvements in all regions
in 3Q '20 with constant currency year-to-year revenue down only 5%. Trends from mid-October in
International continue to improve. And should the implication of the revenue trends through mid-October
continue throughout 4Q '20, we expect International revenue to be down only slightly in the fourth
quarter.

GCS October trends reflect the continuation of those that Mark discussed earlier. In Consumer Direct,
growing total subscribers are expected to lead to a second consecutive quarter of Global Direct revenue
growth in 4Q. As we referenced last quarter, the decline in partner revenue we saw in 3Q '20 is expected
to increase significantly in 4Q due to declines in the lead gen related partner business. We expect the
weakness in partner revenue to continue into the first half of 2021.

As with our prior 2 earnings calls and due to the continuing uncertainties in forecasting the direction,
depth and duration of the recession related to the actions to combat COVID-19, we are not going to
provide fourth quarter guidance. However, for perspective on total Equifax 4Q '20 performance, we will
again provide an illustrative fourth quarter framework to help you think about our performance.

Please turn to Slide 15. To the extent total Equifax revenue continues at the pace I described earlier, 4Q
'20 revenue would be up about 9.5% to 11.5% or 84% -- or $84 million to $104 million year-to-year,
resulting in 4Q '20 revenue of $990 million to $1.01 billion. Adjusted EPS in 4Q '20 at these revenue levels
could be in the range of $1.40 to $1.50 a share, down slightly from 4Q '19.

Slide 15 also provides a walk-through, explaining the translation versus 4Q '19 of the revenue increase to
the increase in pretax income and adjusted EPS. Importantly, at these adjusted EPS levels, Equifax should
deliver over $350 million in adjusted EBITDA in the quarter. This is not guidance, as there is still much
uncertainty as to what impact the pandemic will have on the economy, our customers' business activities
and, therefore, our revenue and earnings. This range provided reflects current variability and trends, not a
view of potential quarter outcomes.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

As I referenced earlier, trends in Equifax mortgage inquiry volume remained at record levels in the third
quarter, consistent with the very strong market data on originations. In addition to very strong refinancing
activity, new purchase volume has been at record levels in the June through August period, up 20%
from last year. And as we referenced last quarter, for Black Knight estimates, approximately 18 million
households still benefit from refinancing at current average 30-year mortgage rates of under 2.9%. For
perspective, current estimates of refinance originations in 2Q '20 are at under 1 million per month.

As Mark referenced earlier, we continue to look to accelerate the completion of our tech transformation,
including increasing investment levels in 2020. At present, we expect 2021 time costs related to the
Equifax 2020 technology and data security transformation to be above $340 million. We expect capital
spending to be about $410 million for the full year.

As a reminder, in 2021, we will no longer be adjusting our financial results for onetime costs related to the
cloud technology transformation. These onetime technology transformation costs are expected to decline
substantially in 2021 and will likely be largest in 1Q '21, decreasing throughout the remainder of 2021.
Those onetime technology transformation costs will impact development expense, G&A and COGS. We will
continue to disclose these onetime tech transformation costs to allow you to have comparability with our
financial results from 2017 to 2020.

And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Thanks, John. I'll wrap up with an update on our cloud technology data transformation and our
accelerating focus on new products.

Turning to Slide 16. Equifax continues to make very meaningful progress on our cloud data and technology
transformation. We're energized by the revenue, cost, margin and cash benefits we expect from our
cloud investments. Through a single cloud-native data fabric and common cloud -- global cloud-based
infrastructure, we'll be able to innovate to develop more robust product solutions and multi-day insights
that are portable around the world, enabled by our differentiated cloud data and technology. We'll be able
to unlock new use cases and verticals with our solutions for new and existing customers.

Our cloud-based infrastructure will also enable us to accelerate the velocity at which we can develop new
products from months to weeks, accelerating the benefits our customers will receive from these products
and driving our revenue growth. We're already starting to see increased system availability as we move
from our legacy technology into the cloud, and we expect this trend to continue. Always-on capabilities are
table stakes as a global technology company, and we believe that as more customers move to the cloud,
the cloud-to-cloud operability will deliver best-in-class systems availability and make customer interaction
seamless and faster.

And lastly, we're continuing on our path to be an industry leader in data security. While security is core to
everything we do, led by advancements in data governance, we know that data security is a battle that we
must fight alongside our industry peers and our customers every day.

Turning to Slide 17. We've moved into the final phase of our North America technology transformation
with a focus on customer migrations. We're continuing our progress to migrate our customers into our
new cloud-based systems, including our InterConnect, Ignite and API capabilities. As a reminder, this is a
common set of services on which we are working to migrate all USIS, EWS and International customers.

As of the end of the third quarter, USIS has migrated over 4,800 U.S. customers and International's
completed migrations of about 6,500 customers. For USIS, this is up about 4x from the about 1,200
customers migrated at the end of June. We continue to expect this pace of migration to accelerate in the
fourth quarter with over 10,000 U.S. customer migrations expected by year-end, with the remaining U.S.
customer migrations completed during 2021.

We continue to adjust our development priorities to add platform capabilities to ease our customers'
ability to easily migrate to our new platforms. Our progress on the transformation since our last earnings

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

call in July is positive. Additional migration to GCP of our major North American exchange data, the U.S.
and Canadian Consumer Acro Risk Exchanges, The Work Number, NCTUE is principally complete, and we
expect to have completed full migration, including all data ingestion processes for these exchanges by
year-end. This is a big milestone with these exchanges generating about 70% of North America online
revenue.

We're also making very good progress in the full migration to GCP of our secondary U.S. exchanges,
the U.S. and Canadian Commercial Risk Exchanges, Property and DataX Exchanges. These exchanges
are expected to be -- to complete full migration as we move through 2021. Investments in Europe, Lat
Am and Australia in deploying cloud native data fabric and our Ignite + InterConnect API analytic and
decisioning framework are also progressing well. Data fabric is live in 6 global cloud regions globally.

We completed the initial migration of our eID identity validation system in the third quarter and started
customer migrations, which we expect to complete by year-end. And our Luminate cloud identity and
fraud suite is now available to customers in the U.S. and Canada and a new eID cloud-native service
is also available for the U.S. as part of our newly transformed cloud Luminate offering. Additional data
sources will continue to be integrated on a regular basis as we move forward.

We still have plenty of work in front of us. We are making strong progress in our cloud data and
technology transformation, and we remain energized about the future top and bottom line benefits. Our
cloud-native data and infrastructure will differentiate Equifax in the marketplace today and will be even
more valuable as we complete the transformation.

Slide 18 highlights our expanded new product innovation focus, which is a key component of our EFX
2020 strategy and the next chapter at Equifax. As I mentioned earlier, we are focused on transforming our
company to a product-led organization empowered by best-in-class cloud-native data and technology to
fuel growth. As we progress through 2020, we continue to make strong progress on our goal to expand
our NPI rollouts and are on track to deliver about 110 new products in 2020.

Through September, we launched about 85 new products, and we have an active pipeline at various stages
of the funnel. In the third quarter, we continued our strong focus on recession-based product launches,
including our Response RECOVERY product offering, which provides lenders and service providers the
data and analytics they need to both care for their customers and ensure the long-term health of their
portfolios.

Response RECOVERY, enabled by our Ignite Market Intelligence Sandbox, provides lenders access to point-
in-time and trended consumer insights in order to make better underwriting decisions during a period
of economic instability as well as get the information they need to reach out and support their existing
customers already in accommodation situations of other institutions.

In USIS, we continue to build on our strengthening commercial business. In the third quarter, USIS
launched B2B Connect, designed to help enterprises better prospect, segment and retain key business
clients with intelligence on more than 150 million global companies, including 53 million U.S. businesses
and 80 million B2B contacts.

B2B Connect is providing an extended omnichannel view of business. Businesses, companies need to
better qualify commercial prospects and improve engagement with existing customers. The commercial
B2B product will be further enhanced by data from our recent acquisition of Ansonia, which brings unique
commercial leasing data to our already robust set of commercial assets.

At Workforce Solutions, we continue to focus on the hiring process as a significant growth opportunity
for our business, as there are more than 70 million new hires per year in the United States. In the third
quarter, Workforce Solutions launched the first -- the industry's first I-9 management service designed
specifically as an e-commerce platform and with small and midsized business owners in mind. For years,
large enterprise businesses have put their trust in the market-leading I-9 management solution from
Equifax.

Now with the e-commerce launches of our I-9 Starter and our I-9 Standard packages, Equifax makes
it easier than ever for businesses of any size to manage their I-9 requirements. With an automated I-9

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

platform, organizations can have more confidence in their onboarding and I-9 compliance and deliver
better onboarding experience for their new hires.

Workforce Solutions also continue to innovate on new solutions to support their financial and mortgage
verticals in 2020, including our new mortgage trended income and employment and multi-borrower
products.

NPIs continue to be an important lever for Equifax growth and a priority for me and the team. We've
expanded our focus and resources on driving NPI rollouts in 2020, and more recently, with a global focus
on products that support our customers during the COVID recession. We will continue to prioritize new
products and innovation as we move into 2021 to leverage our cloud data and technology transformation
for future growth.

Wrapping up on Slide 19. As John outlined earlier, we're still unable to provide guidance for the fourth
quarter. We still see meaningful uncertainty from the impacts from the COVID pandemic as cases rise in
many markets impacting shelter-in-place orders, consumer confidence and economic activity. There's also
a real risk of a second COVID wave and potential increased lockdowns. We also expect further impacts
from unemployment, furloughs and salary reductions.

But even in this challenging COVID environment, Equifax is operating exceptionally well. Our strong
business model is resilient and delivering while investing in the future. As we look forward to the rest of
2020 and towards 2021 and beyond, we are confident in the drivers of our business model and our growth
strategy. Our strong 19% growth in the third quarter reflects the breadth and resiliency of the Equifax
business model. The strong U.S. mortgage market and UC claims revenue is delivering incremental
revenue, margin and cash that allows Equifax to continue to be aggressive about investing in our cloud
transformation while expanding new investments in innovation, new products and D&A. Our strong results
also strengthen our balance sheet to allow us to focus on accretive M&A.

In the third -- our third quarter core 6% revenue growth, excluding the impact of the U.S. mortgage
market and UC claims revenue, is very strong performance in the COVID environment with our
nonmortgage and International businesses still pressured from the COVID recession. We expect those
markets to recover in the future with the rollout of a broad-based COVID vaccine and as markets recover
and economic activity improves.

Workforce Solutions is clearly a franchise Equifax business that is strongly outperforming with multiple
structural growth levers from new records, new products, improving product mix, new verticals and
incremental [ pulls ], driven by the growth in system and system integrations.

While the mortgage market is a positive tailwind this year for Workforce Solutions, their underlying 27%
core growth year-to-date, excluding the impact of UC claims and the mortgage market, reflects the power
and breadth of the Workforce Solutions business model. Their multiple structural growth levers give us
confidence in our ability to drive future incremental value for our customers and future revenue growth
for Equifax. And the addition of 6 million TWN records in the third quarter will drive revenue growth in the
future.

Our new SSA contract, Social Security Administration contract, that will begin generating $40 million to
$50 million of annualized revenue starting next year is another future Workforce Solutions growth driver.
We're also seeing enhanced and broadened value of the unique TWN income and employment data, given
the scale and depth of the database.

Turning to USIS. They also had a strong quarter, led by growth in mortgage. The USIS team is on offense
and winning in the marketplace. USIS revenue is outperforming in the COVID recession with total third
quarter growth improving to down 1%, excluding growth from the U.S. mortgage market. The USIS
mortgage business continues to outgrow the market with 9 points of core growth in the third quarter, up
from 6 points in the second quarter. Importantly, USIS pipelines remain at their highest levels since 2017
from a renewed commercial focus and rollout of new products.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

As we look out beyond the impacts of the COVID pandemic, we believe that our nonmortgage revenues,
which historically represent about 70% of USIS revenue are poised for growth. USIS is competitive and
winning in the marketplace.

Our International business has a well-balanced portfolio of global businesses, representing over 20%
of Equifax revenues that have historically driven top line revenue growth through new products and
analytics. Unlike our U.S. B2B businesses, most of our international markets do not have mortgage
businesses and, therefore, have not -- have seen a larger decline in revenue growth in 2020 from the
deeper COVID recessions and more severe GDP declines that have also impacted growth.

We began to see a recovery in our International markets in the third quarter with Australia and Canada
flat versus last year and expect to see continued improvements as economic activity resumes globally.

And last, our GCS Direct business is poised for continued growth behind our disciplined investments. Our
D2C businesses are improving as we invest in new products and marketing, and we surpassed 7 million
myEquifax members in the quarter, which is a sizable base to cross-sell financial products.

As I summarize, we're making very good progress on our cloud transformation and data transformation
with significant milestones being achieved while customer migrations accelerate. We are energized about
the significant top line cost and cash benefits that will come from this transformation, including always-on
stability, speed to market, ability to rapidly move products around the globe, which we expect will help us
improve our position in the marketplace.

And last, our balance sheet has strengthened in 2020 from our strong performance, allowing us to be
aggressive about investing in our EFX 2020 cloud data and technology transformation, new products and
data security, while looking for accretive bolt-on acquisitions that will add to our strategy.

As we continue to deliver above-market results in the COVID recession and focus on investing for future
growth, I'm more excited than ever about our future as a market-leading data, analytics and technology
company.
With that, operator, let me open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Kyle Peterson with Needham.

Kyle David Peterson
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to start on the margins. It looks really strong this quarter, especially within EWS. I know
those have been kind of marking up over time. Do you think what we saw on the margin side could be
sustainable in a more normalized environment? Or is there anything like onetime that we should be
thinking about for this quarter?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. It's a great question. You've seen over the last several years and certainly in 2020 strong top line
performance from Workforce Solutions, and that certainly translated into margin growth. As you know,
in our industry and in that business, in particular, but in all our businesses, incremental revenue growth
drives very attractive incremental margins. And we've seen a very strong performance in 2020. We expect
that business to continue to perform in the future.

And I think we're prepared to give any guidance around margins for the future because we can't do that
broadly. But we've got a lot of confidence in the Workforce Solutions business, given the multiple levers
that they have to drive future growth.

Kyle David Peterson
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then just one follow-up. I know you mentioned the TWN increase, now that
you're kind of about 1 inquiry in TWN for every 2 like mortgage origination inquiries. What do you guys
find as the biggest gating factor to getting -- moving that ratio higher? Is that more like lender awareness
of those database? Or is it just that you just need to keep pushing the snowball down that hill and adding
more employers and records onto the network?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. I think it's less about the employers and records. It's really what you pointed out. It's really getting
in front of our customers and showing them the value of the product. It's also driven by new products. We
talked about in the last couple of calls that Workforce Solutions is rolling out new products that provide
multiple pulls in a package for a mortgage application as one purchase from Equifax. And we see that
driving some of the pulls.

We also see the system and system integrations being a real driver where we're getting embedded in
our customer workflows. And we've got a dedicated team that works on that with our customers to show
them the value of the income and employment data. And then as you pointed out, just getting in front of
customers, so they understand the lift they get in predictability. If you're a mortgage originator and you're
going to spend, call it, $4,000 on a mortgage application, when you start that application process, you
want to make sure that you're working with a customer that is going to be able to be approved.

Part of that is historically pulling the credit file upfront to understand what the credit profile is of that
customer, and that's kind of a common practice today. Increasingly, the more sophisticated mortgage
originators are starting to pull upfront the income and employment data, particularly in this environment,
understanding where are people still employed and then pulling it multiple times.

So those are just multiple opportunities that the team has in using mortgage as an example. And of
course, the same holds in other verticals where we're seeing, particularly as the database becomes almost
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

a catalyst at over -- well over 50% of the nonfarm payroll. It's becoming an asset that the hit rates are
very valuable in multiple verticals beyond mortgage.

Operator

We will take our next question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe I can just follow-up. The mortgage digitalization, I guess, is the big theme out there. You've seen
a lot of acquisitions from ICE, [ BlackRock ]. There's a whole bunch of stuff going on out there. And I
guess, besides trying to get more penetration the way you just described it, like how do you look at the
opportunity with that theme? And do you have plans with other solutions, M&A? And maybe just some
thoughts there would be helpful.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Manav, I apologize, I missed the first portion of the question. Can you just give a quick rephrase?

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. Sure. It was tied to the theme around mortgage digitization, I guess, and there's a lot of opportunity
driving from that. And I was just wondering if you had broader plans for your mortgage business outside
of just kind of a little bit more penetration that you just talked about.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. So obviously, we have a large mortgage business, and we're benefiting from the market tailwinds.
We've got a real focus on rolling out new products, and particularly in Workforce Solutions, but also in
USIS. Our UDM products are another growth area for us. And I think what we're pleased with is the fact
that both USIS and Workforce Solutions are outgrowing the mortgage market.

How do you do that? Well, you do that with new products, new solutions, driving more usage of your
products? In particular, that's around the TWN income and employment data being more -- pulled more
frequently. And then just the system and system integrations where we still have a lot of runway to work
with our customers to convert them from dialing in and keying into the system on an individual applicant
basis to pull the income and employment data to go into system and system integrations, which is, as
you know, is more of a -- more on the credit file side, but is one that's an opportunity on the income
and employment side, and that really -- we've seen big lifts in utilization when we are embedded in the
workflows on the income and employment data, and we've had great progress in adding those in the third
quarter and in 2020.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just on the tech transformation. When you started the program, you had talked about
$1.25 billion is the number. And it's a pretty big number. We thought maybe you have some buffer room in
there. But the last time, you said $1.4 billion, and I think today, you said it was a $1.5 billion program. So
I was just curious, that incremental $250 million, like, I guess, where did you go over budget? Or where is
that extra spend being required today?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. And that's been an area that we've been clear that we're going to invest more if we see opportunity
to do that, to accelerate the transformation. And just to be clear, and I know you noticed, but the $1.5
billion we now talk about is the incremental spend in 2018, '19 to '20. So that's going to be behind us,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

and that's how much we're going to spend through the end of the year. We'll obviously be spending money
on our technology as we go into 2021 and beyond, that's going to be in our run rate spend versus the
incremental spend that we talk about. And with our strong financial performance in the second half of
2019, we started investing more in the tech transformation. And as we continued in 2020 and performed
so strongly during the COVID recession, we've made strategic decisions to accelerate our spend in order to
drive it more rapidly. We think that's the right thing to do because of the sizable benefits that we expect to
get from the transformation.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan.

Andrew Charles Steinerman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just 2 questions. I would be quick. First one, I didn't catch if you gave the total Equifax third quarter
revenues related to mortgage. So I'd like that, if you could.

And then looking at Slide 13 under EWS nonmortgage, September stood out to me, how it jumped forward
and then sort of October kind of normalized back to July, August rates. Could you just talk a little bit about
that September jump forward?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Sure. So in terms of the total mortgage revenue, total mortgage revenue was a little over 1/3 of Equifax
total revenue. So that's the best way you could estimate that. In terms of September nonmortgage for
EWS, we have substantial business with government and other participants. And so it could just be a little
choppy. And obviously, the underlying revenue base isn't that large. So just movements between months,
can result in different growth rates between the months. Quite honestly, that's why we indicate that when
you're looking at those numbers, you consider them indicative. And that's why we focus a lot more on the
quarterly numbers.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just wanted to ask broadly about how you're thinking about the trends in consumer credit. On one hand,
we've heard some lenders talking about borrowers -- more borrowers exiting forbearance and defaulting,
which could appetite for lending. But on the other hand, you have recovery trends taking hold in the
economy with things opening up. So I wanted to hear broadly about that.

And specifically also, I just wanted to ask about the sort of better September nonmortgage number within
USIS, and then October getting a little bit more in between like where September and the other months of
the third quarter were.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

The first half of the question, Toni, is obviously complicated. It's an economic event, a health event, like
we've never seen before. Kind of broadly, the consumer is still fairly strong. Obviously, there's a high
unemployment, but some of the stimulus benefits of healthy consumer. When we talk to our customers,
their delinquencies are not increasing yet because they're making minimum payments, and they're not
behind in credit card payments, et cetera, kind of I'm talking broadly. So I think that's kind of what's
happening so far.

I think what we're all watching is what happens as stimulus dollars run out, are there going to be new
stimulus dollars, either pre or post the election in a few weeks, is tough to see. Where's unemployment

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

going to go? Yes, and on top of that, what's the timing of vaccine? And how quickly will it be deployed
across the population, which obviously will drive economic activity. It's just a lot of challenging messages
there to try to work through.

What's underlying that, from our perspective, is that data is more valuable than ever for our customers.
And that's what we're seeing. Obviously, our performance is quite strong. Data is being used to try to
look through to who are the customers, the consumers that are still working, who are the consumers that
can take a line increase or have a mortgage refi or what is the data? So I think that's a positive for our
industry.

But you point out, which is why we struggle providing guidance for the fourth quarter of 2021, at this
stage, it's still quite uncertain about where that consumer is going.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

In terms of your question on September at minus 3% and then the quarter minus 5%, and our
[ discussion ] around mid-October at about minus 5%. Again, the about minus 5% and about minus 3% to
us are very similar numbers, right, and September's monthly data. So I think the important fact is we are
seeing an improving trend. We expect that we're seeing our business improve in nonmortgage, and we're
very happy with that trend. But as we look through the rest of the fourth quarter, about 5% is going to be
a little bit on either side of 5%.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I appreciate all the helpful disclosure in the deck. The #1 investor question I receive on Equifax is whether
revenue and earnings growth is peaking given this extraordinary mortgage market expansion, which
clearly benefits both USIS and EWS, along with the increased appetite for TWN unemployment and income
data during the COVID pandemic. And clearly, there are a number of positives that will sustain the 20%
growth in TWN records, the growth in NPI, the growth in the pipeline. But as you start to think about the
2021 framework, you want people to start with that 6% core growth from the third quarter. What are
some of the parameters that you're starting to think about as you frame your own views on 2021?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

I think we're going to try to avoid getting into 2021 guidance, but we were quite intentional because
we're getting the same questions you're getting about what -- how do we look through Equifax's very
strong performance in the year, particularly from the incremental UC claims revenue, which is meaningful,
that we've highlighted will likely normalize in 2021 with unemployment presumably coming down or
employment claims not continuing, and then, of course, the U.S. mortgage market.

For U.S. mortgage market, that's one that is difficult for us to handicap. John talked a little bit about that
one. We can't forecast what's going to happen in 2021 on the mortgage market, but the fundamentals are
still quite positive for 2021 in the U.S. mortgage market with the Fed stating pretty strongly that they're
going to keep interest rates at the record lows through 2021. That's a positive for refinancings and for
purchase volume.

We've seen purchase volume really accelerate in the last 90 days in the United States as consumers are
going out to buy homes or upgrading to get larger homes or move to the suburbs. And again, we're not
forecasting, but it feels like there's some legs on that macro.

And then, of course, the refinance side, there's still a very sizable population, as John pointed out, of
consumer that have not refinanced their mortgages yet, that is multiple quarters of that benefit.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

With regard to 2021, you highlight some of the positives for Equifax. You can start with a lot of our
businesses are still challenged by the COVID pandemic. And we're not forecasting 2021, but if you believe
that there's going to be a vaccine, and the vaccine is going to result in a more normal -- a recovery of
some sort, that's going to be good news for Equifax and International, our nonmortgage businesses in the
United States, our GCS business. So that's a positive as we go forward.

You pointed out the power of Workforce Solutions. As we entered the pandemic, USIS was in a recovery
mode following a cyber event. We believe USIS is performing quite strongly on a mortgage and
nonmortgage basis during the pandemic, but as we get into more of an economic recovery, we expect that
to accelerate as exhibited by the deal pipelines that are growing and the increased commercial activity.

And of course, Workforce Solutions, we attempted to really highlight how important that business is, how
important its performance is. They've got a long list of structural levers that they can -- that they've been
pulling and will continue to pull. And you pointed out records, the 6 million addition in the quarter, is going
to serve them well with higher hit rates and which drives higher revenue in the fourth quarter and into
2021. And then, of course, the other elements of the business.

And so our attempt in providing the additional disclosures this quarter was to help you and our investors
see through the underlying performance in the COVID recession. And again, we're still in a COVID
recession with Equifax delivering 6% core growth is really quite strong. And the tailwinds and you add on
top of that benefits from the tech transformation that, as we've talked about, we've been very clear, will
begin really kicking in, in 2021, which will be another positive for us on both our top line margins and cash
generation.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Appreciate that. Just a quick follow-up on capital return. Will you be in a position to do more in terms of
capital return as we approach 2021 in terms of dividend growth, buybacks, more M&A?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes, we've been clear that, again, I don't want to give guidance, and we don't -- as you know, we don't
have a financial framework in place, but we've been pretty clear that it's our goal to get back to that.
We've been investing heavily in our tech transformation. And we're getting the big spend in our tech
transformation certainly behind us in 2020 in our 3-year plan. And it is -- we believe that our cash
generation will accelerate as we go through '21, '22, '23, which is going to provide free cash flow for us to
invest in M&A, which we talked about earlier in the call. It's our intention to have more focus there.

And we don't want to give any guidance around our intent to do a buyback or reinstate dividend growth,
but we've had that framework in place before. And we'll certainly consider it at the right time when we put
our financial framework and capital allocation plan back in place in the future.

Operator

Next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Crédit Suisse.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. I just want to spend a minute on the progression of the clients in EWS. If I did my math, it looks
like the average client size was about 4,000 back in 2008, and that number is closer to 110 based on just
the simple math kind of client versus records in the work number.

Do the needs of the smaller clients kind of increase? And is there any way to frame what the opportunity is
as you kind of triangulate from a dollar perspective, kind of the work number with the core USIS business
as you look at a little bit? So just trying to get a sense of, again, the market opportunities as you go more
downmarket and then what that can mean to the enterprise overall.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. First off, more records is more valuable, right? And more contributors is, too. And moving 6 million --
up 6 million records this quarter, we think, is a big milestone, where we were flat in the second quarter.
But there's some bumpiness to when records come in, and we had a very strong quarter of execution
there. But we're up 20% in records year-over-year. And as you know, that's going to drive hit rates and
revenue growth going forward.

And then to your point, really the addition of more companies. There's all kinds of numbers out there on
how many companies there are in the United States, whether it's 3 million or 4 million or 5 million. But
going from 69,000 a year ago to 1 million companies really does increase the breadth and depth of the
database. So that's very, very positive for Equifax and for our customers.

And as you know, one area where the database is used is what I would call the more near-prime or sub-
prime customers. And you see those customers in all kinds of companies. But adding more companies,
going to 1 million companies just brings more value to the database. And we're really intently focused on
continuing to grow the database.

We also mentioned earlier in the comments that getting to this level of scale, having [ 80 ] million uniques
or 110 million active as well as the inactives really takes the database almost as a catalyst to being very,
very valuable just because the hit rates go up.

And the other thing I commented on is that the team is expanding their focus. We've had a W2 focus on
nonfarm payroll for a long, long time. And in the last year, we started to expand that focus around the gig
economy. 1099, we're actually investing now into our database, 1099 income data.

Pension data is another one that we've got our sights set on. So there's a -- we're going to head towards
nonfarm payroll, that's going to take time. But we've expanded our focus to go well beyond that to get all
levels of employment or other income that consumers are having. So we've become really a one-stop shop
for all that data.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. And then just to follow-up on that real quick. I know, obviously, the focus has been on the
mortgage side, but it seems like there's the opportunity to flex that out across other credit instruments as
well. Is that fair?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

It is. That's a big focus for us. And we talked on prior calls that the value has always been there, and we
shared with you and others that if you take credit data and add income and employment data to it, the
predictability or the KS score from that decision goes up dramatically. So that's always been the fact. It's
one that we've been sharing with our customers for years.

The COVID crisis has created a catalyst for that. And we talked about in the last call -- on the second
quarter call that we're seeing, for example, credit card customers, we've got a couple of major credit card
customers that are now embedding the work number data into their origination workflows. So adding it to
the credit file. That's a big deal for us to get into that space.

In the auto space, historically, it's been used in closing for sub-prime customers, and now we're seeing
it used more broadly because it increases the predictability of that underwriting decision. And it's really
around our focus on differentiated data. But of course, the TWN income and employment data is just very,
very unique and is at scale, which provides real value.

And of course, we didn't talk about it in this call, but government is also a very fast-growing vertical
for us. I talked about the new Social Security Administration contract that kicks in, in 2021. That's an
example of how we're expanding the use cases of the TWN data. And then, of course, another growth

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

area for us around the data is in employment decisions. When you're hiring someone, we call it Talent
Solutions. So that's another area that we see future growth. So there's just a lot of levers for growth in
that business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ashish Sabadra with Deutsche Bank.

Ashish Sabadra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Thanks for the clarification on the FMS. My question, a follow-up question, there was -- when does that
difficult comp from a big client win last year anniversary? And when do we start seeing FMS get back to a
more normalized growth profile?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Sorry, you were breaking up a little bit. Could you repeat that question?

Ashish Sabadra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Sorry, sorry about that. My question was on FMS. There was a difficult comp there. I was just wondering
when does that difficult comp anniversary and when do we get back to a more normalized growth in the
FMS business.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. So your question is about the FMS business. First off, we're still in the COVID recession. And as you
know, that business provides data for both portfolio management and marketing, and as I pointed out in
my comments, I think John did too, a lot of our customers have curtailed or slowed down new account
originations, which impacts that business. And so when you talk about normalized growth, the first thing
-- or the biggest factor that's going to drive that will be a resumption of originations, which we started to
see.

We commented that we had a couple of customers in the quarter and in September that started to
originate -- started originations and actually had originations, volumes with us or revenue with us that
were above last year. So we're starting to see signs of those originations.

John pointed out, we also had some -- a couple of larger deals, if you will, in 2019. I would attribute that
to part of the USIS recovery that haven't repeated in 2020. I would characterize most of that is driven
by the COVID recession and the impact decisions our customers are making around the resumption of
originations.

But we all know that our customers will start originating again once their confidence grows. They have to.
You're -- that's a part of your business. You have to continue to add new customers. So it's just a matter
of when they start doing that, and we would expect the business to grow there.

On the portfolio management side, that's one where we've seen some increased activity as customers are
focused on managing their back book. We would expect that to continue to be a positive tailwind as we
move into the fourth quarter of 2021. It's typical as you're coming out of a recession or in a recession,
there's a lot of focus around managing your existing portfolio.

Ashish Sabadra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

That's very helpful color. And maybe just a quick follow-up on the cost savings. Thanks for those details. I
was wondering, do you have a time line by which we should start seeing those savings flow to the bottom
line? And any incremental thoughts on how should we think about the investments going forward?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes, that's one that we're not ready to give 2021 guidance. We're not giving guidance. It is our plan to
provide some visibility in the future, in the near future around what we expect some of the benefits to be
in 2021 as we have some level of framework for 2021. We're not sure we're going to be able to provide
guidance, but we'll definitely do that. We're just not ready to do that today.

That said, we have been quite clear around what we expect the benefits to be, the sizing of the cost
benefits that we're going to get from the cloud transformation, the cash benefits that we expect to
generate, which we believe are sizable and -- we haven't framed yet what we expect the revenue benefits
to be. Those will all be firmly embedded in our long-term framework when we put it back in place.

Operator

Our next question comes from George Mihalos with Cowen.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I guess, first, to kick things off, Mark, I think you said that about 20% of verification revenue is coming
from inactive accounts. And I'm just curious, how long can an inactive account be monetized? Meaning,
what's sort of the lifespan of an inactive account? And then does that really skew to one vertical within
EWS more than any other, so for example, mortgage where you're bundling services or something like
that?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

That's a great question. It's one we haven't talked a lot about. 20% is a big percentage of our revenue.
It really -- it's really every vertical has different use cases where having a multiyear period, multiyear
history of someone's employment is quite valuable. There's a use case where is someone working today
and how much do they make. And then there's other use cases, well, have they been working for the last
12 months or have they been working for the last 2 years.

And as you know, people change jobs. So having a multi-year or a multi-job work history for someone is
quite valuable. We have something like an average of 4.5 jobs per unique individual in the database, which
makes sense. There's a lot of people that change more often over a 5- year period, 6-year period, 2-year
period than others and then some that are in the same job. But that history of data is incredibly valuable.

And there's some use cases where you have to have the history. So not only having what someone is
doing today is less valuable, which really goes down the path of like if someone is going to provide a
paste-up, that might work in some situations. Most of our customers don't take those anymore. But when
you have a use case of someone wanting to know where did you work for the last 2 years, the only way
to really prove that and get it quickly and completely and accurately is to come to Workforce Solutions. So
that's why the data is used.

And if you go around verticals, it's really in every vertical. It's -- mortgage has got a lot of use cases
where it's very, very important to have a real history of work and employment and income. Auto has it.
Cards, less so, although there's use cases where some card issuers are looking at that. In the government
space, it's valuable, both today as well as history. And it just reflects the value of the business. It's taken
us a decade to build up that 450 million records on individuals. It's just very, very valuable.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's super helpful color. Really, really appreciate it. And then just as a quick follow-up. I think,
obviously, within GCS partner is under increased pressure. And I think if I caught the comment, you were
suggesting that it will stay weak through the first half of next year. I'm just curious if you could talk a little
bit about the visibility that you have in that channel of the business going forward.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes, I didn't say through the first half of last year. I think we said we expected it to stay soft through
the fourth quarter. We don't have visibility, just to be clear. But in our discussions with customers in that
space, which is really in the lead generation space, it goes back to the origination point I had earlier
around our USIS FMS business.

Customers, originators, whether you're a bank card or personal loan, clearly curtailed in the COVID
recession their originations. So that impacts our FMS business and also impacts some of our partners that
use our data in the lead gen space. That will come back over time. We don't know when it is. It's hard to
forecast. As we look out to the fourth quarter, we expect it still to be weak in the fourth quarter on the
lead gen side just because we don't see signs -- we see signs of improvement, but not to where it was a
year ago.

Operator

Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My first question is just on the tech transformation time line. Any way to think about the risk that, that
time line bleeds into sort of 2022 with COVID?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. We've been pretty clear on all of our calls during the COVID recession that we've been meeting our
milestones. We've had no change in our plans. And we talked a bunch on the call already this morning
around ACRO, TWN, et cetera, being in the cloud. So we're very pleased with our milestones. And we're
also very pleased with our migrations.

Remember, there's 2 pieces of the tech transformation. One is getting the technology right and getting our
data assets and applications into the cloud and then second is migrating our customers to it. And you saw
that we're making -- made good progress in the third quarter, and we expect to make good progress in
the fourth quarter.

So we're pleased with our progress. There's still a lot of work to do, but we're meeting our internal
milestones that we're trying to share with you transparently.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

And we've been clear that the focus was on North America, which is like 80% of the revenue. We have
indicated that some smaller properties or smaller businesses would trail out further into the future, but
that would just become normal spend.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. That's very helpful. And just my follow-up on the mortgage market, specifically just on Fannie and
Freddie, any potential changes there under either administration, either more autonomy, new capital rules,
privatization? Just any chatter on Fannie and Freddie and how that may impact you? Or is that not really a
big deal?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. We don't -- there's a lot in that question. You got into the what could happen in the elections and --
versus Democratic, versus Republican and then you got to get into who holds the Senate, et cetera.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

I think that's probably a longer question, but I would say, more broadly, specifically to Fannie and Freddie,
we don't see any change impacting Equifax if an administration changes or not with Fannie or Freddie.
And frankly, more broadly, we don't see that on how Equifax operates. We provide a very valuable service
to U.S. consumers and to our customers. And we don't expect that to change whatever happens in
November.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.

William Warmington;Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division;MD & Senior Equity Analyst

So this new I-9 product you guys introduced last week that takes the I-9 management suite down market
to the small and mid-sized businesses, I realize that's part of the employer services, but -- and not
verification services, but is the strategy to use the I-9 product as a source of new leads for The Work
Number?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

As you know, we like our Talent Solutions and Employer Services business as a complement to our
Verification Services business. And for us, the idea of having more connections and services with the
HR manager who is providing us -- is making the decision to provide us their payroll records for their
verification side of the business, we think, is positive. So there's no question, we want to continue to
expand the services and products that we provide.

On the I-9 side, we've introduced a number of I-9 products that we're really pleased with in their
performance. An I-9 anywhere that allows a prospective employee to complete that process remotely
using a digital solution and then some of the smaller company products that we've introduced. It's just
examples of our focus on innovation and new products both to drive the business but to expand our
relationship, as I would characterize it, with the HR manager. So we have more connections for the
broader ecosystem at Workforce Solutions.

William Warmington;Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division;MD & Senior Equity Analyst

Got it. And then as my follow-up question, I just wanted to ask on the Social Security contract that's
starting up next year, the $40 million to $50 million in revenue. Any additional color on the timing of the
start of that revenue? Beginning of the year, middle of the year, something?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. Too early on that one. We certainly expect revenue in 2020, which is why we talked about it that way.
A full run rate is going to be the $40 million to $50 million. It likely won't be full run rate for sure in 2021.
But we're actively working on the technology element with our customer and driving it forward.

We talked about this contract just because of the size of it. It's unusual to have a contract of that size get
landed. But it's just a reflection of the value of the Workforce Solutions data in so many different verticals
and use cases. In this case, in the government space with the Social Security administration.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey with Truist Securities.

Andrew William Jeffrey
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Appreciate you taking the question. It's been a long call full of good information. Mark, I just wonder if
you could address Equifax's position in fintech. I know it's one of the areas in COVID that's maybe been
a little bit weaker than some of the structural growth areas that you enumerated, but maybe a cyclical
outlook there and also market share plans and outlook would be helpful.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

So I think we've been clear, it's a space that we refocused on and started building out resources in the
latter part of 2018. We added resources in 2019. I think from commercial resources, we're up probably
between 2 and 3x what we had 2 years ago. So it's a space we want to be bigger in. We think we're well
positioned to be bigger in it. We have pretty strong market position with most of the fintechs with our
TWN data where it's used, and of course, it's expanding usage during COVID. And we're working to take
advantage of that relationship to move some of our credit data in.

We've had some positive wins. It's, I don't know, $250 million market in the United States. I think you
know our competitors are much stronger than we are. But we think there's room for Equifax to grow.
Many of those are single-sourced in the fintech from starting out that way, and they're getting to scale
where they could be a dual source, which presents an opportunity for Equifax, particularly when we're
already in the dual with our TWN data.

They have been more impacted than I would characterize an FI, particularly because of their funding
requirements. They typically aren't balance sheet funded. So they've been more impacted on originations.
But we stayed supporting them, and we're continuing to have some commercial wins during the last
couple of quarters in that space. And it's an area that since [ saying ] in the USIS team are focused on for
growth in the future. We see it as a strategic market for us going forward.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Can you speak to the potential for competitors to replicate certain aspects of The Work Number database
in the U.S. over a longer time frame? It certainly seem unlikely that they'd have the same level of
integration with employers and the same number of employers. But are there other ways to gather some
of the same data aspects, whether it be through some of the payroll processors or analyzing demand
deposit accounts? I guess I'm just wondering how you protect your moat there and whether alternative
approaches to gathering income and employment data could result in alternatives for your customers
down the road.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

We think we have real scale in the business, which provides a competitive advantage for us with Workforce
Solutions. We've owned this business for over a decade. We've invested, between the acquisition of the
business and what we've invested in technology and resources, a couple of billion dollars over the last 10
years. And the scale of the business, we think, provides some real strength from a competitive advantage.

We talked about the history of the data, which is really hard to get on an individual. Where did Mark Begor
work the last 2 years? Well, you heard of Equifax. Where did he work for 2 years before that or the 2
years before that? Collecting that data is quite challenging.

We're participating in some of the other ways to collect the data. You pointed out bank transaction data
and trying to [ impute ] in the net pay in someone's bank account. That's a data source, but very difficult
to get. The consumer has to consent to give the data. So we think that's quite challenging.

So we think there's just a lot of strengths around the business. We're always looking at who our
competitors are in every business. And -- but this is one where we think we have some real market
strength given the scale of it.

As you point out, the network of connections we have with so many customers. And then, of course, now
having 1 million companies deliver data to us on a pay-period basis, that makes this data set very, very
valuable and tough to replicate.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

28

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

And if you're a company, you're likely not going to give the data to 2 companies. You're going to give it to
the company that's been in it for a long time, and we think that's another important element for Equifax.
Our strength of the business, our proprietary and our security around it, the fact that we authenticate
anyone who use the data before they're able to use it. There's just a lot of security and protection around
it, which is very important to those that actually own the data contributed to us.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Got it. Yes, that makes sense. And then switching gears a little bit for my follow-up. I was hoping
you could speak to the margin performance in the International business in the third quarter. Margins
expanded quite nicely year-over-year despite the revenue decline. So I was just wondering if there's
anything you'd point to specifically on the cost front in that segment and how permanent some of those
savings could potentially be.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes, we did some cost work in International in 2019 that we're getting benefits from. And then there's
been some tightening during 2020, during the COVID pandemic. And as you point out, with pretty strong
performance on margins, given the revenue declines, which are still quite substantial in International
because of the COVID pandemics. So we would expect those -- as the COVID pandemic gets behind us
and economic activity improves, that obviously revenue should go with that and improve, that it should be
positive for the margins of that business going forward.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Jeff Meuler with Baird.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So John, I think you tried to preempt this question with the bridge you gave us on the slides. But just on
the Q4 illustrative framework, EPS being down slightly on low double-digit revenue growth, it looks like a
lot of the headwind factors you're calling out in your bridge have been with you kind of all year, yet you've
had good EPS growth year-over-year, the first 3 quarters. So anything else to call out on Q4 EPS in the
framework?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Jeff, the only other thing you see, you see others a little bigger than it's been in some of the other
quarters, right? And that's really driven by the fact that -- the comment I made around corporate
expenses, you're seeing a significant increase in incentive compensation because of the fact that the
business has performed so incredibly well over the past 2 quarters. So our expected performance has
improved quite significantly, and you're seeing that across different areas of incentives, including sales
comp, et cetera, and that's affecting the fourth quarter because of the very, very strong performance. We
continue to be spending related to the tech transformation and some of that's flowing through on tech
expense, but those are the biggest drivers.

The other thing that you'll see, and it's a footnote on the chart, right, is tax rate is actually higher in the
fourth quarter, right, year-on-year. So that negatively affects the comparison as well by $0.03 or $0.04 a
share. So those factors together are what drives the difference between the revenue growth and the EPS
performance.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then I'm struggling to understand the magnitude of the change in trends in the Q4 outlook for
the GCS partner channel. Is this all about kind of activity at the lead gens and member count not being

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

29

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

backfilled yet on the churn side? Or was there any loss of partners or any changes of terms with sizable
partners pricing or how they use you?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes, there's a number of things in there, Jeff. And there certainly is -- we're always working with our
customers to help support them in tough economic events. So I think you can attribute that to changes
in perhaps pricing and things like that. But then there's also the underlying volume is quite challenging,
which is also a contributor as they're customers and, of course, in our case, with our FMS business, still
are not anywhere near pre-COVID levels with regards to originations.

Operator

We'll take our next question from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Mark, you mentioned that core revenue growth was 6% in the quarter, excluding benefits from
unemployment claims in the mortgage market. Can you talk a little bit about what may be driving the
difference between the 6% core revenue growth and nonmortgage B2B revenue performance in the
quarter that was roughly flat to down?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

I think if I follow your question, it's really going to be the outperformance of our mortgage businesses,
which is Workforce Solutions is -- obviously, the mortgage market is up. As we highlighted on couple of
slides in our comments, they've got core growth in the mortgage business. So that's going to drive that.
It's the same with USIS at 600 basis points of growth in mortgage from core versus the mortgage market
and Workforce Solutions with multiples that are from new records and new products and everything else.
So that's really what's driving it now, which we think is very positive in a COVID recession.

And of course, the rest of the nonmortgage businesses at Equifax that are still negative in many markets
and verticals because of the COVID recession, those should -- will recover as economic activity comes
back in the future, as we get through and past the COVID market impact.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

As Mark indicated, you're right, George, I mean it's our strategic focus to try to make sure we dramatically
outgrow the mortgage market. And what that's showing is that we're achieving that very successfully even
though the nonmortgage businesses are weaker because of COVID.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And looking at monthly trends, specifically in the nonmortgage business, USIS revenue has been
largely consistent at down roughly 5% year-over-year moving through the quarter. And then nonmortgage
EWS also consistently down about low-single digits if you exclude that jump that we saw in September.
So can you talk about some of the puts and takes around nonmortgage revenue performance in 3Q that
didn't seem to improve moving through the quarter, that the trends seem relatively stable? So just some
puts and takes around that.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

I think it's really all those verticals are really still not recovering, and we expect they will. I think our
competitors are seeing similar challenges with -- whether it's card originations or personal loan volume,
the financial institutions are being quite conservative and they should be until they have some clarity

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

30

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

around where the economy is going. When they do, they're going to start originating again, and that will
be positive for us as we go forward in our nonmortgage businesses.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

But to be clear, we did see improvement in September in USIS nonmortgage relative to what we saw over
the July-August period, right? It certainly did get better. And we saw that improvement. We talked a bit
about that in the script. And the same is true in EWS, it did get better. When I asked the question, I was
simply trying to indicate, don't expect 16% to continue, right? But we did see an improving trend, both in
USIS nonmortgage and EWS nonmortgage during the period.

Operator

We will take our next question from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Securities.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I guess it's a 2-parter on innovation, if I could. You've obviously talked, since the beginning of the
tech transformation, about the opportunity to accelerate innovation. I'd love to just get a sense of where
you are with that. Have you made enough progress that that's happening? And if it's more of a future
opportunity, what's the time line?

And I guess the second part of that, pre-breach, Equifax talked a lot about the concept of vitality and
even used to talk about annual classes of new products and sort of how the 3-year company forecast for
revenue on those was doing. Can you just help us think through that as well? Obviously, it went down post
breach. Is that growing again? Is that -- and how meaningful can this acceleration of innovation be of that
vitality going forward?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. It's a big priority of ours. As you know, and for the last couple of quarters, you've heard me talk
about it because I really view it as the next chapter at Equifax to really accelerate our new product
innovation to really leverage the cloud investments that we're making. We believe that this is going to be
a real catalyst for us to drive top line growth.

And you're seeing it, you asked about the timing. It's really happening. In 2019, we did -- it's on the
chart we put in the earnings slides, we did 90 new products, up from 60 in 2018. And that's up from in
the 70-80 range kind of pre-cyber event. So we're -- in 2019, we're operating at a higher level. And of
course, we've gone from 90 last year to around 110 in 2020. So there's clearly a renewed focus on it. You
saw a few months ago, we brought in a new Chief Product Officer. We're adding new product talent and
resources to really scale up our ability to bring new products to market.

Remember, one of the reasons we're making this cloud investment that we've talked so much about is
because we're going to put all our data assets into a single data fabric, and we believe that's going to
accelerate our ability to do data combinations and bring new solutions to the marketplace. So that's what
this new product team is going to be focused on, is really leveraging the cloud investments that we're
making.

So when are you going to see benefits of it? You're seeing it today. You saw it this quarter, and we talked
about some of the new products we're rolling out to the marketplace. That gives our commercial team
more things to sell and more solutions to bring to our customers. So going from 90 last year to 110. And
my goal is to grow beyond the 110 in 2021 as we continue to invest in resources and really leverage the
cloud transformation.

With regards to the Vitality Index, that's something that we've talked about before, I guess, pre the cyber
event. I think it's likely something we'll bring back as a dialogue with our investors. We already have
plenty to talk about. But if there's interest in that, we'll certainly bring that back. But new products are a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

31

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

key priority of ours. And as I characterize it, it's the next chapter at Equifax that's really going to drive our
top line growth.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

And we've mentioned this before, but there absolutely are products that are launched on the new
infrastructure that are benefiting us already, right? Mark talked about Luminate in his script and other
fraud products. That's certainly the case. eID, we talked about. So kind of the broadened fraud suite is
running on new infrastructure.

And then we also talked about the fact that there were COVID-response products that were built
specifically on the new infrastructure and that we couldn't have done otherwise. So those are some
examples. There are certainly more. And yes, we are seeing benefits from it, and we expect it to
dramatically accelerate as we get into the first quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brett Huff with Stephens.

Brett Richard Huff
Stephens Inc., Research Division

This is long call, so I'll just be quick. You talked a little bit about analytics as one strategy and then unique
data as another strategy. And I think we've talked a lot about the unique data today with EWS. Can you
give us an update on sort of the next major phase of the analytics development you guys are thinking
about as we think about the economic recovery and how to position Equifax for that next phase of growth?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. There's a number of levers there, Brett, that we talked about over the past couple of quarters. It
starts with our Ignite and Analytics sandbox. I think you know we've invested heavily in that, and we're
rolling that out in the marketplace. That's a tool for our customers to access our data as well as their own
and really drive analytics and solutions that will result in use more of our data. So that's very positive for
us.

And of course, we have a large D&A team that is focused on creating new solutions, and we talked
about some of those that really are from our analytics about combining data assets that increase the
predictability in some of our COVID-response products, to help our customers look at using trended data,
to understand how our customer performed in the past, to use that to create predictability to how they're
going to perform in the future. Adding income and employment data, those are all part of our analytics to
deliver solutions.

And those result in more usage of our data or specific revenue opportunities and new scores or other ways
that we deliver those analytics to drive the predictability of the decision for our customers. And we believe
the cloud investments are really going to advantage us in just more opportunities to bring new solutions
from our D&A team to the marketplace.

Operator

Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Mark, can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment? How you guys are doing outside of
the mortgage markets in terms of like win rates and pipeline? I know John made a comment about the
pipeline being strong. Is this kind of white space where you're able to go in with like unique data, like The
Work Number, and into credit card or straight out head-to-head competition? Are you guys kind of winning

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

32

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

more outside of mortgage? If you could just kind of comment on that and if there's any quantitative you
can share.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. I think John shared some comments around our deal pipeline in USIS, which is your focus and ours.
The EWS pipeline is quite rich, as you might imagine, as it is an international GCS, but there's a lot of
focus by our investors and on Equifax, which is why we talk about the USIS deal pipeline in particular.
That's up dramatically over what it was last year and the year before. We're seeing increasing win rates.
And I've used the term that USIS is competitive in the marketplace.

Now in the COVID recession, that's harder to see because you've got the pressures of the economic
impacts from our customers on Equifax and on USIS. But we see the deal wins coming into the COVID
recession. You saw the kind of strength of USIS revenue, nonmortgage numbers using that in particular in
the second half of 2019 and coming into the first quarter of 2020. And we've seen competitively during the
recession -- the COVID recession impacts of the second quarter and the third quarter, USIS is performing
quite well. So we still got a lot of confidence in that business and its recovery.

Operator

And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to now turn the conference back to
Mr. Hare for any additional or closing remarks.

Dorian Hare
Senior Vice President of Corporate Investor Relations

I just want to thank everybody for joining the call and for their interest in Equifax. I just also want to let
everybody know that we will be around today and the day that we said to answer any follow-up questions
that you may have. So once again, thanks for joining. And this does conclude the call.

Operator
And that concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

33

EQUIFAX INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

34

