Equifax Inc. NYSE:EFX
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 11, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.83

2.00

9.29

1.38

6.69

6.97

4.19

6.47

1083.26

1118.50

3.25

1084.28

4079.78

4127.50

1.17

4367.86

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-11-2021 3:30 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.28

1.30

1.60

1.83

1.40

1.60

1.87

2.00

9.38 %

23.08 %

16.88 %

9.29 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

17

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dorian Hare
Senior Vice President of Corporate
Investor Relations

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Andrew Charles Steinerman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Andrew William Jeffrey
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Kyle David Peterson
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Brett Richard Huff
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research
Division

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day and welcome to the Equifax Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference
call is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dorian Hare, Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Dorian Hare
Senior Vice President of Corporate Investor Relations

Thanks, and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call. I'm Dorian Hare. With me today are Mark
Begor, Chief Executive Officer; and John Gamble, Chief Financial Officer.

Today's call is being recorded. An archive of the recording will be available later today in the Investor
Relations section in the About Equifax tab of our website at www.equifax.com.

During the call today, we will be making reference to certain materials that also can be found in the
Investor Relations section of our website under Events and Presentations. These materials are labeled Q4
2020 Earnings Release Presentation.

During the call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements, including first quarter and full year
2021 guidance, to help you understand Equifax and its business environment. These statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC,
including our 2019 Form 10-K and subsequent filings.

Also, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EPS attributable to
Equifax and adjusted EBITDA, which will be adjusted for certain items that affect the comparability of our
underlying operational performance. These non-GAAP measures are detailed in reconciliation tables, which
are included with our earnings release and are also posted on our website.

In the fourth quarter, Equifax incurred a $31.9 million restructuring charge related to rightsizing the
organization as investments in technology transformation are reduced in 2021 as compared to 2020.

Also in the fourth quarter, Equifax changes method for accounting for pensions to recognize
remeasurements of benefit obligations and plan assets to earnings annually and see delayed recognition
of gains or losses caused by change in discount rates or other actuarial assumptions, such as mortality
and plan asset actual versus assumed returns. All prior period GAAP and adjusted financial information has
been revised to reflect the change.

Pension expense in the prior years was improved by the elimination of the amortization of accumulated
prior losses. For 2020, excluding the annual remeasurement impact I will reference in a moment, this
benefit was approximately $17 million to net income or $0.14 per share. In the fourth quarter of 2020,
this benefit resulted in an improvement to net income of $4.3 million or $0.35 per share.

The annual remeasurement occurs in the fourth quarter of each year and is recorded in other income
on the income statement. This annual remeasurement will be treated as a non-GAAP adjustment as it is
nonoperational in nature. Pretax mark-to-market adjustments resulted in a pretax gain of $4.8 million in
2019 and a pretax loss of $32.2 million in 2020.

Details of this change in pension accounting are included in the fourth quarter 2020 earnings press release
on Slide 25 of the 4Q '20 IR slide deck and will also be included in the 2020 report 10-K.

Now I'd like to turn it over to Mark.

Mark W. Begor

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

CEO & Director

Thanks, Dorian. Before I address Equifax's strong fourth quarter and 2020 results, I want to take a
moment to thank our 11,000 employees and the families who supported them for the tremendous
dedication they showed under the challenging COVID environment during 2020. We continue to make the
health and safety of our employees the top priority. And I hope you and those close to you remain safe.

Turning first to Slide 4. I wanted to start with a review of our business model, growth strategy and cloud
investments that position us to win in the marketplace. Our highly unique and diverse data assets are at
the core of Equifax's differentiation in the marketplace. We have data assets of scale that our competitors
do not have.

Our acquisition this week of Kount in global identity and fraud and AccountScore for U.K. open banking
and data categorization are examples of our accelerating focus on expanding our differentiated data assets
and capabilities.

Expanding our differentiated data assets through organic actions, partnerships and M&A continues to
be a priority. We and our customers are benefiting from our investment over the last 3 years in our new
Equifax cloud-native technology footprint, which enabled the creation of our single data fabric and rapid
implementation of best-in-class cloud-based tools and capabilities.

We accelerated our new product rollouts and revenue in 2020 by leveraging our new Equifax cloud.
And the Equifax cloud-native footprint has enhanced our ability to get new partners and acquisitions
and to speed the recognition of synergies as we believe only Equifax can. Our cloud infrastructure will
differentiate Equifax in the marketplace and drive our revenues and margins in the future.

Data security is deeply embedded in our culture. And we have made tremendous progress towards our
goal of being the industry leader in security.

[indiscernible] we obviously focus on a customer-first mentality, which moves us closer to our customers
with a focus on delivering solutions to help them solve their problems and grow their businesses.

And lastly, with the acquisition of Kount and our investments in the Equifax data fabric, we've taken
substantial steps forward towards building a leading identity and fraud business while expanding our
market coverage to include retail, e-commerce and transaction-based markets, alongside our traditional FI
telco insurance markets.

Moving now to Slide 5. We've spoken before about key market macros that we believe are positively
impacting the information service industry and Equifax.

First, the dramatic acceleration of the digitization of consumer and commercial customer-facing
transactions and our customers' internal infrastructure was clearly accelerated during COVID, which drives
rapidly growing requirements for data and insights around identity authentication and fraud. Second,
accelerating adoption of advanced analytics and machine learning is driving increasingly increasing needs
for differentiated data. Third, fintechs and alternative lenders are driving innovation, growing share and
accelerating this digitization macro, which drives data usage. Fourth, the increased need for robust identity
validation and fraud prevention capabilities in digital transactions is also driving data requirements. And
fifth, the explosion of data drives increased requirements for data governance by our customers and
control of data by consumers.

These macros clearly accelerate the demand for broader differentiated data assets, alternative data
sources and increased requirements for data recency and integrated insights.

Equifax is very well positioned to address these trends as we build on the depth of our Equifax cloud data
assets and our capabilities to deliver advanced Equifax cloud data management and continue to leverage
our Equifax cloud data and technology investments.

In USIS, the depth of our assets across credit, alternative credit with DataX, telco and utilities with NCTUE
and consumer asset data with IXI has long gained Equifax strength.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Workforce Solutions TWN data is our most differentiated data asset with coverage of 90 million unique
individuals in the United States. EWS is expanding the TWN data set while broadening the TWN focus
beyond W-2 income to include 1099 and other income and employment data.

And at the same time, EWS is broadening beyond TWN income and employment data with partnerships to
deliver individuals' education, licensure and other data to our customers to use in the hiring process.

With the addition of Kount's broad and massive scale of digital consumer data assets, including phone
numbers, e-mail and IP addresses, Equifax data assets expand substantially as our capabilities across
identity and fraud globally.

Moving now to Slide 6. We believe the identity validation and fraud prevention markets will deliver strong
long-term growth for Equifax and that a combined Equifax and Kount are very well positioned to deliver
new and differentiated solutions to this large and fast-growing marketplace.

E-commerce was up over 20% in 2020 alone while online banking was up 67% and mobile wallet usage
increased 56%.

And fraud is a huge and growing issue as our customers' transactions have shifted from cash to digital
along with increased real-time payments. Online credit card fraud hit nearly $6 billion last year with 40%
of e-commerce merchants reporting increase in chargeback fraud and over 40% of merchants saying their
digital fraud slows their innovation and growth.

The digital market macro clearly accelerated in COVID and we see it continuing to expand. The
combination of Equifax and Kount can protect these new distribution channels while evaluating high-risk
transactions on a real-time basis, balance fraud with the user experience serves a growth platform for
customer e-commerce activities while simultaneously enabling trust and confidence.

Both Kount and Equifax will leverage the expanded predictability of our combined data [indiscernible]
Equifax into the fast-growing e-commerce and retail markets. And last, Equifax wins Kount into the
banking, finance, fintech, telco and insurance markets.

The scale of Kount's data assets, including 32 billion annual consumer interactions, 255 million identities,
400 million addresses and 1 billion unique devices, combined with Equifax' scaled data assets is a powerful
combination in this fast-growing market.

Advanced data and analytics, AI machine learning capabilities are more quicker than ever before in
preventing fraud. The first fleet account products, including its next-generation AI machine-learning
model, combined with the cloud-based Equifax Luminate platform, which orchestrates multiple solutions
with machine learning and our patented NDT AI technology will provide risk managers with insights only
Equifax can give across the consumer account life cycle.

Kount also provides account takeover protection and transaction risk management, 2 capabilities which
Equifax did not have before, to address heightened cybersecurity and flow payment activity.

We were energized to close the Kount acquisition yesterday and to have the Kount team joining Equifax
and the strong growth potential of the combined Kount and Equifax in the fast-growing identity and fraud
marketplace.

As you see on Slide 7, while Kount is clearly the more sizable transaction in recent years as we ramp
up our bolt-on M&A focus to expand the strength in Equifax' capabilities, we closed 2 other transactions
[indiscernible] focused on decisioning and alternative data.

We acquired the minority position that we didn't already own at Creditworks in Australia. Creditworks is a
low-cost, flexible and modular trade credit decisioning platform that targets the SME segment, which is a
key growth driver for our activities in the region.

In the U.K., we acquired AccountScore, our partner in the U.K. open banking Solutions and a provider of
bank transaction data categorization analytics and consent technology. AccountScore also has a license

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

in the U.K., where open banking is accelerating. Importantly, this capability will be integrated into our
InterConnect and Ignite platforms.

Reinvesting our 2020 outperformance and leveraging our strong balance sheet and cash generation with
bolt-on M&A is central to our future growth strategy. And our cloud data and technology platforms allow
us to more quickly integrate acquisitions and drive synergies. Continued expansion of our data assets and
capabilities through acquisitions is a priority for Equifax in 2021 and beyond.

Turning now to Slide 8. Equifax performance in 2020 was very strong with sequential improvements in
both total and core revenue as we exited the year. Our business model is resilient and delivering in the
challenging COVID recessionary environment. We are energized about our momentum as we enter 2021.

Revenue in 2020 was $4.1 billion, up 17%, with organic growth of 16.3%. This is the first time we've
delivered over $4 billion in revenue and the highest annual growth and organic revenue growth more
specifically in our history.

Adjusted EBITDA was just under $1.5 billion, up 25%. And EBITDA margin was 36.2%, up 240 basis
points. Adjusted EPS of $6.97 was up 22%.

We delivered double-digit revenue growth in all 4 quarters of 2020 with 23% total inorganic growth in the
fourth quarter, a record for Equifax.

We executed on our investments to accelerate and leverage our Equifax cloud, data and technology
transformation, including migrating more than 47,000 customers as of the end of the year onto our new
Equifax cloud services.

Leveraging our new cloud infrastructure, we delivered a record 134 new products while decreasing our NPI
development time by 1/3. The 134 NPIs were one in excess of the 100 anticipated coming into 2020 and
above the 120 we discussed with you in December. As we continue to leverage our new cloud capabilities,
we expect to accelerate revenue growth from new products in 2021, a key driver to our long-term growth
expectations.

We're energized about our 2020 performance. And we've already seen the momentum of our only Equifax
model, leveraging our new cloud capabilities as we move into 2021.

Turning to Slide 9. Fourth quarter revenue at $1.12 billion was up 23% on a reported and local currency
basis, which is well above our expectations in the framework of 17.5% to 20% that we shared with you in
early December. M&A contributed just under 1% in the quarter.

Our growth was again powered by our U.S. B2B businesses, USIS and Workforce Solutions, with combined
revenue of a very strong 36.6% and combined adjusted EBITDA margins of 50%. As a reminder, EWS and
USIS are now over 70% of Equifax revenue and 80% of Equifax business unit EBITDA. Their combined
contribution to Equifax is up 700 basis points in revenue and almost 750 basis points in EBITDA versus
2019, which is very powerful for the future of Equifax.

Importantly, International also had a strong quarter, delivering 3% revenue growth and over 34%
adjusted EBITDA margins, outperforming our expectations in revenue while maintaining strong control
over costs.

Fourth quarter Equifax adjusted EBITDA totaled $422 million, up 31% with a 215 basis point expansion in
our margins to 37.8%. This margin expansion was delivered while making continued investments in our
cloud transformation, new products and data and analytics that will drive future growth.

Adjusted EPS of $2 per share was up a strong 28% versus 2019 despite incurring increased depreciation
and amortization and incremental cloud costs of $0.16 a share and increased interest expense of $0.05 a
share from our second quarter bond offering.

The $2 per share EPS exceeded our expectation in the framework of $1.75 to $1.85 we shared with you in
early December.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

USIS revenue of $387 million was up a very strong 17% in the fourth quarter, with M&A contributing less
than 0.5%.

Total USIS mortgage revenue of $153 million was up 60% in the quarter while mortgage credit inquiries
grew in line with our expectations, increasing 55%. USIS mortgage revenue outgrew the market by 500
basis points driven by growth in share gains, marketing and new debt monitoring products.

Non-mortgage revenue performing strengthened substantially in the quarter and was just below flat, an
improvement from down 6% in the third quarter and down 9% in the second quarter. Importantly, non-
mortgage online revenue grew slightly in the quarter versus the 5% and 11% decline we saw in the third
and second quarters, respectively.

Banking, ID and fraud, commercial, insurance and direct-to-consumer all showed growth in fourth quarter,
which is a positive sign for the future. Auto's fourth quarter decline of 5% was an improvement from the
third quarter decline of 7%.

Non-mortgage online revenue strengthened further by 5% growth in December and 6% growth in January.
Banking, ID and fraud, insurance and direct-to-consumer drove the growth in December and continued
into January. We also saw auto return to positive growth in January.

Financial marketing services revenue, which is, broadly speaking, our off-line or batch business, was $70
million in the quarter, down about 2%, which was up sharply from the third quarter, which was down 9%.
The relative improvement in the quarter was driven by double-digit growth in identity and fraud-related
revenue.

We're also seeing improving trends in marketing-related revenue, which was down under 10% in the
quarter. As a reminder, marketing-related revenue represents about 40% of FMS revenue, identity and
fraud about 20% and risk decisioning about 40% million.

USIS team continues to drive growth in their deal pipeline with the fourth quarter up 15% driven by
growth in both the volume and size of new opportunities. Fourth quarter win rates finished the year at [ 20
25 ]. Sid Singh and his team are on offense in the USIS and winning in the marketplace.

USIS adjusted EBITDA margins of 43.5% in fourth quarter were down 160 basis points from last year,
which was principally driven by the much higher mix of mortgage revenue and mortgage products in the
quarter. Margins were also impacted by redundant system costs and investments in new products.

Turning now to Workforce Solutions. They had another exceptional quarter with revenue of $406
million, up a very strong 62%. EWS finished the year with revenue of $1.4 billion, an extraordinary
accomplishment compared to their 2019 revenue of $950 million.

Customers found incredible value in Workforce Solutions' unique TWN income and employment data assets
and new products while the team's focus on penetration, pricing, new verticals and record additions drove
growth. EWS remains our most valuable and differentiated business with revenue growth rates far in
excess of the rest of Equifax and highly accretive margins.

Verification Services revenue and Workforce Solutions at $330 million was up 70% versus fourth quarter
2019. Verification Services mortgage revenue more than doubled versus the prior year for the third
quarter in a row, growing almost 100 percentage points faster than the 55% growth we saw in mortgage
market credit inquiries in the third quarter.

Verification Services non-mortgage revenue was up about 15% in the quarter, up substantially from the
4% growth in third quarter. During the fourth quarter, we saw a significant growth in talent solutions
primarily driven by new products introduced in the second half of the year.

We also saw a strong growth in card and auto. In cards, we've added 2 major customers that now use
the work number broadly in their origination process. In auto, we're also seeing expansion in the use of
the work number and subprime loan approvals. We again saw a strong growth in government. Verification
Services growth in January continued at the strong levels delivered in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Employer Services revenue of $77 million increased 35% in the quarter driven again by unemployment
claims business, which had revenue of over $50 million, up 73% compared to last year.

In the fourth quarter, Workforce Solutions processed about 2.6 million initial claims, which is down from
the 3.4 million in the third quarter. EWS continued to process roughly 1 in 5 U.S. initial unemployment
claims. And as a reminder, we expect our UC claims revenue to decline in 2021 as initial employment
claims reduced from record 2020 levels.

Employer Services non-UC claims business had revenue down about 6% in the quarter. Strong revenue
growth in I-9 and onboarding services that were driven by the acceleration of our new I-9 Anywhere
solutions was more than offset by declines in Workforce Analytics in our tax credit business.

We are seeing a positive shift to our new I-9 Anywhere product suite with new customer wins at much
higher price points. We expect Employer Services non-UC business revenue performance in the first
quarter to improve relative to fourth quarter and return to growth in the second quarter as we move
towards a more normal environment.

Strong EWS Verifier revenue growth resulted in adjusted EBITDA margins of 56.2%, which was an over
900 basis point expansion from the prior year, which reflects the power and uniqueness of the TWN data
set.

Turning now to International. Their revenue of $242 million was up 3% on a constant currency basis in the
quarter, a significant milestone as the business unit returned to growth after very challenging second and
third quarters. This was nicely above our expectations from early December.

Asia Pacific, which is principally our Australian business, had very good performance in the fourth quarter
with revenue of [ $77 ] million, up about 4% in local currency versus last year and better and yet slightly
we expected in early December.

Australia consumer revenue was down about 5% versus last year, a significant improvement from the
down 10% we saw in third quarter.

Our commercial businesses combining online and off-line revenue in Australia was up 3% in the quarter,
again, a nice improvement from the up about 1% in the third quarter. And fraud and identity was up
almost 20% in the fourth quarter.

European revenues of $79 million were up 4% in local currency in the quarter. Our European credit
business was down about 3%, a significant improvement from the down 7% we saw in the third quarter.
The improvement was driven by Spain, which saw revenue growth of 7% in the quarter. U.K. revenue was
down about 8% in the quarter, similar to third quarter.

Our European debt management business grew about 20% in local currency in the fourth quarter as the
U.K. government restarted collections activity in late September. However, following the COVID measures
put in place late in the fourth quarter by the U.K. government to address the pandemic, debt collections
were again halted late in the year. We expect debt management revenue to decline on the order of 10% in
the first quarter, reflecting these actions, but to improve once vaccines are more widely distributed and we
return to a more normal mode.

Latin American revenues of $46 million declined about 2% in fourth quarter in local currency, in line with
what we expected, which was a significant improvement from the down 6% we saw in the third quarter.
Positively, Chile, our largest country in Latin America, delivered revenue growth in the quarter.

Latin America continues to benefit from the expansion of Ignite and the migration of customers to our
global cloud-based interconnect SaaS decisioning platform. And we've all seen the benefit of the strong
new product introductions in the region over the past 3 years.

Canada revenue of $41 million is up about 3% in local currency in the fourth quarter, which was also a
positive. Consumer online was down just over 5% in the quarter, similar to the third quarter. Improving
growth in Analytics and Decision Solutions ID and Fraud drove the growth in Canadian revenue in the
quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

International adjusted EBITDA margins of 33.8% were up 150 basis points sequentially but down 260
basis points from last year. The decline versus fourth quarter last year was principally driven by redundant
systems costs from cloud investments and lower income from minority investments.

Global Consumer Solutions revenue at $76.9 million was down 13% on a reported and local currency basis
in the quarter as we expected. Global Consumer Solutions performance was very strong in our Consumer
Direct benefits channel and event-based businesses as they collectively grew over 10% on a combined
basis in the fourth quarter.

The decline in overall GCS revenue in the fourth quarter was driven by our U.S. lead generation partner
businesses. As we've discussed previously, our U.S. lead generation partner revenue was significantly
impacted by the COVID recession that began in the second quarter, the declines in this revenue increasing
through the fourth quarter as banking customers cut back on lead gen spending. Accordingly, we expect
declines in total GCS revenue in the first quarter at just over 15%, similar to fourth quarter levels. We
expect a decline in total GCS revenue due to the lead generation declines to moderate substantially as we
move into the second quarter.

Our Global Consumer Direct business, the business in which we sell directly to consumers through
equifax.com and which represents about half of total GCS revenue, was up a strong 9% in fourth quarter,
the highest growth rate since 2017.

Our North American Consumer Direct Business revenue was up a solid 10% versus last year. And we
continue to see sequential subscriber growth in the U.S. and Canada, our 2 largest markets.

Our GCS Consumer Direct business will principally complete migrating their customers onto the new cloud-
based platform Renaissance in the first quarter. This will allow for renewed field focus on new product and
service introductions to consumers in the second half of 2021.

Our benefits channel and events-based businesses, which now represent about 10% of global consumer,
also delivered about 30% growth in the quarter.

GCS adjusted EBITDA margins of 20.9% were down about 610 basis points principally reflecting the
increased platform spend as they complete their cloud systems migrations, increased marketing spend to
drive future direct revenue and the lower lead generation partner revenue we talked about.

Slide 10 provides an updated view of Equifax core revenue growth. As a reminder, core revenue growth
is defined as Equifax revenue growth excluding, number one, the extraordinary revenue growth in our
unemployment claims business in 2021; and number two, the impact on revenue from U.S. mortgage
market activity as measured by changes in total U.S. mortgage market credit inquiries. Core revenue
growth is our attempt to provide a more normalized view of Equifax revenue growth to you, excluding the
GC and U.S. mortgage market factors.

In the fourth quarter, Equifax core revenue growth, the green section on the bars on Slide 10 was up
a very strong 11%. This is up significantly from the 6% core revenue growth we delivered in the third
quarter due to strong Workforce Solutions and USIS outperformance, where they continued to deliver
mortgage revenue growth rates well in excess of U.S. mortgage market credit inquiries and the significant
improvement in revenue performance from our non-mortgage business in the U.S. as well as the return
to growth in International. A critical lever in our ability to deliver high levels of core revenue growth is
our deep and broad array of new products and solutions for the U.S. mortgage market and the ability to
constantly outgrow -- consistently outgrow the underlying market.

Slide 11 highlights the strong core growth performance in mortgage for our U.S. B2B mortgage businesses
Workforce Solutions and USIS. EWS and USIS outgrew their underlying U.S. mortgage market significantly
in 2020 with a combined core growth of 37%. This outperformance was driven strongly by Workforce
Solution mortgage revenue with core growth of 80% in 2020, which exceeded mortgage market growth
rates by an outstanding 80 points during the year. The key drivers of this strong EWS outperformance
include increased market penetration, larger fulfillment rates, new products and records.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

EWS has a long history of outgrowing their underlying markets. USIS also delivered strong core revenue
growth in mortgage in 2020 with growth exceeding the market by 8% driven primarily by new debt
monitoring solutions with further support from marketing. Our ability to substantially outgrow underlying
markets is core to our business model and a substantial strength that should continue to benefit Equifax in
2021 and in the future.

Turning now to Slide 12. Workforce Solutions continues to deliver outstanding results and is clearly our
strongest and most valuable business. Workforce Solutions total revenue grew sequentially during 2020 to
62% in the fourth quarter and 51% for the year. More importantly, core revenue growth also accelerated
throughout 2020 with core growth of 37% in the fourth quarter, up from 30% in the third quarter and
27% for the year. This outperformance and sequential improvements reflects the uniqueness of the TWN
data and the power of the Workforce Solutions business model.

Rudy Ploder and his team have built a business with strong long-term growth levers. And they continue
to demonstrate the value of their scale and differentiated TWN income and employment data. This depth,
breadth and scale of the TWN database and over 20,000 customer verification network and value of the
Workforce Solutions Employer Service offerings are driving substantial growth and value.

In 2020, our Workforce Solutions reached 114 million active TWN records, an increase of 10 million active
records during a difficult period of high U.S. unemployment. Of these 114 million active records, over 60%
are contributed directly by employers to Workforce Solutions that the team has built up over the past
decade. The remaining 40% are contributed through partnerships, many of which are exclusive.

Also in 2020, TWN reached over 1 million in quarter contributors, a significant milestone. As you know, we
have a dedicated team focused on TWN record additions and expect to add records again in 2021. Just last
week, we signed a new exclusive partnership with a major payroll provider that will be integrating their
payroll system with Equifax with a work number later this year.

As you know, we are able to monetize record additions instantly from our strong network, over 20,000
verification customers and, of course, the uniqueness of the TWN data. Rudy and his team continue to
rapidly expand the number of mortgage companies and financial institutions with whom we have built
real-time system-to-system integrations. As we talked previously, those drive more usage of our TWN
data.

In mortgage, for example, 65% of mortgage transactions are now system-to-system with Workforce
Solutions. These integrations are now extending into card and auto [ verticals ] as well as across our
growing government business.

We also expect our new verification solution for the social security administration to go online in the first
half of this year, which will deliver incremental revenue to Workforce Solutions.

Workforce Solutions new product pipeline is also rapidly expanding with new products across mortgage,
talent solutions, government and I-9 and new product revenue expected to increase substantially in '21
and '22.

And in 2021, Workforce Solutions Verification Service infrastructure will be fully cloud native, also
providing the industry's leading cloud-native data and technology platform that will further accelerate data
ingestion, massive additions of employee contributors to between database and new product capabilities
for this unique in scale TWN data asset.

On Slide 13, I'd like to turn to 2021 and discuss some of the favorable market and macro trends that I
alluded to earlier. Before COVID, the macro trends on the left-hand side of the slide had already begun
to manifest themselves. As I discussed earlier, COVID has driven a rapid acceleration of digital and online
consumer interactions. Improved real-time decisioning require more [indiscernible]. And more recent
information from a broader set of data assets, including alternative data sets, has become even more
critical. This is required to reduce friction in consumer transactions while ensuring certain identities in
minimizing credit and fraud risk.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Effectively utilizing these expanded requirements for data decision has accelerated the need for advanced
analytics, including machine learning as well as the need for effective data governance, including the
ability to provide consumers with acquired control.

And seamless delivery of these capabilities continues to advance. High performance has always been table
stakes in display.

Given these accelerating and continuing trends, the implications for Equifax are that the demand for our
unique data sets and integrated insights has never been stronger, including those involving our powerful
TWN income and employment data. Our ID and Fraud Prevention Solutions and those -- including those
acquired from targeting e-commerce and retail space are trust enhancing, thereby improving the overall
digital experience for consumers.

I'll now hand it over to John to provide our 2021 guidance. And I'll come back to wrap up.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Thanks, Mark. Now let's turn to Slide 14 and our economic and market assumptions for 2021.

In December, we provided you with a framework for revenue and adjusted EPS for 2021 as well as the
basic assumptions underlying that framework. Our current view of 2021 and the 2021 guidance we are
providing is consistent with that view as are the basic economic and market assumptions underlying them.
Although the progress with COVID-19 vaccines and expected substantial additional economic stimuli are
promising to the 2021 economic recovery, there remains significant uncertainties regarding the timing and
pace of economic recovery in the U.S. as well as internationally.

Consistent with our discussion in December, our 2021 guidance assumes the U.S. mortgage market, our
proxy for which is U.S. mortgage credit inquiries, will remain strong in the first half of 2021 but decline in
the second half. We assume 2021 credit inquiries overall to be down about 5% versus 2020, with first half
credit inquiries up almost 15% and second half inquiries down over 23%. For perspective, the U.S. credit
inquiries in first half '21 are assumed to grow about 6% from the strong level we saw in the second half of
'20. January was strong and confirmed this trend.

Equifax U.S. B2B mortgage revenue, EWS and USIS will continue to significantly outpace the overall
market with growth of over 10%. The U.S. economic recovery will start early in the second quarter of
2021 with over 3.5% GDP growth for the full year. We expect USIS and Workforce Solutions non-mortgage
businesses to outperform their underlying markets. EWS Talent Solutions and government businesses
should also significantly outperform.

Workforce Solutions unemployment claims business should be down over 35% versus 2020 as
unemployment declines with the recovering economy. And we expect the international economies will also
recover in 2021, beginning in the second quarter.

We expect full year GDP growth of about 2.5% in Australia, over 5% in the U.K. and over 5% in Canada.
Our International business is also expected to outperform its underlying markets.

U.S. mortgage market has continued to be very strong driven by both record refinancings and home
purchases.

As shown on the left side of Slide 15, as of December, Black Knight estimates that about 16.5 million
U.S. mortgages could still benefit from the refinancing based on the current record-low interest rate
environment. While down from September's record levels, there remains significant runway in the refi
market as refinance candidates continue to be markedly higher than the previous peak in refinance
activity in 2016 and in the global recession of 2008. Given the current pace of mortgage refinancings at
almost 1 million per month based on data through August, we expect elevated levels of refinancing should
continue well into 2021.

As shown on the right side of Slide 15, the pace of existing home purchases further strengthened in
4Q, reaching 6.8 million on an annualized basis as of December, up from 6.5 million in September. The

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

trend of families seeking more space as work from home persists is continuing, further supported by the
continuation of record-low mortgage rates.

Slide 16 provides the specifics of our 2021 guidance, including a bridge between the midpoint of our 2021
revenue and adjusted EPS guidance and our 2020 results.

2021 revenue of between $4.35 billion and $4.45 billion reflects revenue growth of about 5.4% to 7.8%
versus 2020 with FX possibly impacting revenue by about 1.5%.

USIS revenue is expected to be up mid-single digit in 2020, which includes the benefit of the Kount
acquisition. EWS will continue to deliver double-digit revenue growth with continued strong growth in
Verification Services.

International revenue is expected to deliver constant currency growth in upper single digits with strong
strengthening beginning in the second quarter, reflecting the assumed economic recoveries I discussed
earlier.

And GCS revenue will be down mid-single digits in 2021. The revenue decline of 15% plus in 1Q '21
reflects the weakness in U.S. lead gen partner revenue that Mark discussed earlier. We expect to see
improved performance as we move through 2021 driven principally by continued growth in our Consumer
Direct business.

As a reminder, in 2021, Equifax will include all cloud technology transformation costs in adjusted operating
income, EBITDA and EPS. These onetime costs have been excluded from our adjusted operating income,
EBITDA and EPS in 2017 through 2020.

In 2021, Equifax will incur onetime cloud technology transformation costs of approximately $145 million,
a reduction of about 60% from the $358 million incurred in 2020. The inclusion in 2021 of just about $145
million in onetime costs will reduce adjusted EPS by about $0.90 per share.

2021 adjusted EPS of $6.20 to $6.50 per share, which includes these tech transformation costs, is down
approximately 7% to 11% from 2020. Excluding these tech transformation costs of $0.90 per share,
adjusted EPS in 2021 would show growth of about 2% to 6% versus 2020.

2021 is also negatively impacted by redundant system costs of almost $60 million relative to 2020. These
redundant system costs negatively impact adjusted EPS by approximately $0.37 per share and negatively
impact adjusted EPS growth by about 5 percentage points in 2021.

Additional assumptions included in 2021 guidance are: Capital spending in 2020 is expected to be
about $400 million; depreciation and amortization, excluding amortization of acquired intangible assets,
is expected to be almost $310 million. This includes about $10 million of D&A from the acquisitions
completed so far in 2021.

Interest and other income net is expected to be slightly negative in 2021 versus 2020. Our 2021 tax rate
is expected to be up from 2020 and slightly above 24%.

2021 combined corporate and corporate technology costs are expected to be approximately $485 million.
About 3/4 of the increase from 2020 is driven by the inclusion of technology transformation costs and
adjusted operating income, EBITDA and EPS in 2021. These tech transformation costs are principally for
[ Cross B ] programs. The remainder of the increase is principally in security and corporate technology.

Slide 17 provides our guidance for 1Q '21. We expect revenue in the range $1.105 to $1.125 billion,
reflecting revenue growth of about 15% to 17%, including a 1.9% benefit from foreign exchange. We are
expecting adjusted EPS in 1Q '21 to be $1.45 to $1.55 per share compared to 1Q '20 adjusted EPS of
$1.43 per share. In 1Q '21, technology transformation costs are expected to be just over $45 million or
$0.28 per share. Excluding these costs that were excluded from 1Q '20 adjusted EPS, 1Q '21 adjusted EPS
would be $1.73 to $1.83 per share, up 21% to 28% from 1Q '21.

Slide 18 provides a view of Equifax total and core revenue growth from 2019 through 2021. The data
provided for 1Q '21 and full year 2021 reflects the midpoint of the guidance ranges we have provided.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

In 2021, we expect core revenue growth of over 10% into strong levels delivered in 4Q '20 and building
momentum for 2022.

Slide 18 also provides revenue growth from acquisitions for 4Q '20, calendar year '20 and expected levels
for 1Q '21 and calendar '21.

For your reference, in the appendix of this presentation, we have included slides that provide more detail
on 2020 performance and 2021 guidance. They include: 2020 revenue trend details for 2Q '20 through 4Q
'20; details on the pension accounting change we completed in 4Q '20; more detail on our 2021 guidance,
including both our expected -- our expectation for U.S. mortgage market credit inquiries in 1Q '21, 2Q
'21 and second half of '21; and an update to the 2020 through 2022 cloud transformation cost benefits
framework we shared with you in December.

And with that, I'll turn it back to Mark.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Thanks, John. Turning to Slide 19. We made significant progress on our cloud data and technology
transformation in the second half of last year, progressing through the data product and customer
migration phases of our North American technology transformation. The pace of product and customer
migration continues to accelerate. And as of year-end 2020, USIS completed over 12,000 customer
migrations on to cloud-based services, including our InterConnect, Ignite and API capabilities.

And Workforce Solutions also completed over 26,000 customer migrations and verification services onto its
cloud-based portals and online performing platforms. This represents over 95% of the Workforce Solution
Verification Services customer base.

As we discussed earlier, Global Consumer will complete migration of all Consumer Direct customers onto
its transform Renaissance platform over the next several months. Across North America, we remain
on track to have our U.S. customer migrations completed principally during 2021. Our North American
exchange migrations also continue to progress well toward our 2021 goals, including our major North
American exchanges of the U.S. and Canadian consumer risk, the work number and NCTUE exchanges.

In 2021, we're accelerating [ strange ] migration to the data fabric in Europe, LatAm and Asia Pacific.
Europe and Latin America have already made substantial progress in deploying InterConnect, Ignite and
our API frameworks in the cloud. And as of the end of the year, International had migrated over 9,000
customers onto cloud-based services.

In 2021, our focus is on product and customer migration to accelerate the decommissioning of legacy
systems and data centers to deliver the customer benefits in Equifax cost savings.

We'll continue to ramp our focus on delivering new products and NPI revenue by leveraging our new
cloud-native data and technology infrastructure. 2021 is a critical year as we drive toward completion of
our North American transformation. We remain committed to achieving the substantial top and bottom
line benefits from the cloud we discussed with you previously. The Equifax cloud-native data and tech
infrastructure is providing meaningful benefits in the marketplace today. And that will even further
differentiate Equifax as we complete the transformation.

Turning now to Slide 20. This highlights our continued focus on new product innovation, which is a key
component of the next chapter of growth at Equifax as we leverage the Equifax cloud for innovation and
new products.

We continue to focus on transforming our company into a product-led organization empowered by the
best-in-class cloud-native data and technology to fuel our top line growth. In 2020, we further invested
in NPI resources while leveraging our new Equifax cloud capability to deliver 134 new products above the
120 we discussed in December and our historical 70 to 90 NPIs annually. Importantly, in 2020, over 50%
of the new products were delivered leveraging our cloud-native data and technology.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

In our December investor update, we shared with you several products introduced in 2020 that will have
the opportunity to drive significant revenue in 2021 and beyond. Response CONFIDENCE, watched by
USIS, offers tools that empower our customers to enable consumers to share alternative data that's
currently available in credit reports.

USIS also launched OneView, a configurable consumer report that will allow consumer credit data to be
combined with any other Equifax consumer data asset to create an easily consumable and configurable
multi data asset report.

In the first quarter, OneView will incorporate TWN income and employment data, along with consumer
credit and our other differentiated Equifax data assets. Workforce Solutions continues to expand its suite
of new products focused on the hiring process. Our new talent select suite of VOE Solutions products
provide easy access to all or a subset of Workforce Solutions data on a candidate across varying price
points with fulfillment-based pricing.

In mortgage, Workforce Solutions has launched new products that support lenders' needs to combine the
TWN employment and income data with tax return data. The new products simplify lenders' processes by
providing individual or multiple borrower information per loan via a single transaction from Equifax.

In Employer Services, our I-9 Anywhere product creates a more efficient and low-touch onboarding
experience. The product allows a new hire to initiate their application from any device such as a phone,
tablet or computer. Via our I-9 app, the new hire then schedules the completion of their application from
a nationwide network of over 1,300 locations at a convenient time and location of their choice. The I-9
Anywhere product improves accessibility for employees at off-site locations, streamlines paperwork
and improves and speeds up the onboarding experience for the employee, hiring managers and human
resource professionals.

With our strong new product launches in 2020, we expect to accelerate our NPI revenue growth in 2021.
As many of you know, our NPI revenue is defined as the revenue delivered by new products launched over
the prior 3 years. And our vitality index is defined as the percentage of current year revenue from new
products.

In 2021, we expect NPI revenue to increase by over 75% with our vitality index exceeding 7%, which is
up substantially from the past 3 years. Continued expansion of innovation in new products leveraging the
Equifax cloud are central to our strategy and future growth priorities.

Wrapping up on Slide 21. Equifax finished a challenging 2021 COVID environment with record revenue and
earnings and strong momentum as we enter 2021. Our 11% core growth in the fourth quarter reflects the
strength of our business model. Our estimated 6.6% growth in 2021 at the midpoint of our range, while
still in the midst of the COVID recession, reflects the resiliency, strength and momentum of the Equifax
business model. We are delivering this growth in the context of our expectations that we see an economic
recovery in the second quarter and that U.S. mortgage market activity declined 5% in the second half.

Core revenue growth of over 10% in 2021 reflects the strength of our business model as new products
and expansion of our data assets allow us to outperform in a still uncertain global environment.

Workforce Solutions will continue to power Equifax's operating performance in 2021. The work number is
our most differentiated data asset and Workforce Solutions is our most valuable business. And likely, we
will see Workforce Solutions become our largest business in the very near future.

Rudy and his team are driving outsized growth by focusing on their key levers, new records, new products,
penetration and expansion into new verticals.

We also expect our USIS mortgage business to continue to outgrow the underlying mortgage market.
And we're energized by the outlook for USIS non-mortgage performance and momentum from the fourth
quarter from both organic growth and the new products and the growth we expect from Kount. USIS is
competitive in winning in the marketplace and will deliver in 2021.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

International's return to growth in the fourth quarter is a real positive. And we expect that to continue
in 2021 as their underlying markets recover. We are encouraged by improving conditions across our
International portfolio. And we expect International to outperform these underlying markets.

We're also turning the corner. We're turning the corner from building our cloud capabilities to leveraging
our new Equifax cloud data and technology to drive innovation, new products and growth. We remain
confident in the significant top line cost and cash benefits from our new cloud capabilities. These financial
benefits start to ramp in 2021 and are enabled by our always-on stability, speed to market and the ability
to rapidly build and move products around the globe.

Our strong operating performance, strong balance sheet and Equifax cloud data and technology platforms
position us to enhance our capability via M&A. We are building our acquisition pipeline as we pursue
accretive bolt-on transactions that will strengthen the core of Equifax and meet our stringent financial
criteria.

And given our very strong financial performance, our strong cash generation in 2020 and our strong
balance sheet and our confidence in the future of Equifax, we are restarting our share repurchase program
at an expected level of over $100 million in 2021 to offset dilution from employee benefit plans. We view
this as a positive step forward in returning cash to shareholders.

While the COVID recession and recovery is still uncertain, we have a lot of confidence in our business
model and our ability to perform. We have strong momentum on all fronts as we move into 2021. Equifax
is outperforming in the challenging COVID recessionary environment. We are on offense and positioned
to leverage the Equifax cloud for innovation and new products to drive future growth, margins and cash
generation as a market-leading data analytics and technology company.
With that, operator, let me open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we will take our question from David Togut with Evercore ISI.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Could you maybe dig into the outlook for EWS a bit more? You called out double-digit revenue growth
expected. Can you be a little bit more precise there? Is that approximately 10% or something potentially
much higher?

And then if you could drill down a little bit into growth expectations for Employer Services and verification.
And maybe just close on your expectations for record growth in 2021.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. We believe, and we talked about it, that workforce is clearly our most differentiated business. And
you know we talked about the strong performance in 2020 that follows strong performance in 2017, '18
and '19. So we had a long history of growth and have a lot of levers for growth.

I don't think we want to get into specific guidance around workforce revenue growth except that we
expect it to outgrow their underlying markets again in 2021. And as we said, we expect that to be in
double digit. And we also said it will be, for sure, the highest-growing business inside of Equifax.

You know the levers that workforce has in front of it. And at the top of the list is their ability to add
records. That's a very powerful lever. And as you know, we added records throughout 2020. Those are
monetized right out of the chute as soon as we add them to our database. And of course, on a year-over-
year basis, those record additions drive revenue growth in 2021.

And I think we also stated that we expect to grow records quite confidently in 2021. And we added the
large agreement we signed just last week with a large payroll processor for an exclusive agreement to
contribute their records to Equifax. So that's going to help drive our record growth going forward.

On the -- verification is clearly the strongest and largest part of Equifax and the highest-margin part. But
as you point out, talent solutions, it's something we're also excited about. We expect to see some recovery
in elements of that business as the market improves and the economy improves kind of post vaccine. Now
we're targeting that at kind of second quarter and going into third and fourth.

But underlying there, we've got some really impressive growth from our I-9 solution. And we talked
about on the call the I-9 Anywhere. That has really got a lot of traction because of the uniqueness of the
solution. And of course, it drives a much higher revenue solution for Equifax.

Anything else you'd add, John?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Government, we expect government to continue to grow very, very nicely, right? We have obviously a
substantial new contract in the government segment. And also, we continue to build out our suite of
solutions that serves not only federal but also state and local governments in their benefit system.

So we feel very good really across the board in EWS. And talent solutions is obviously I-9 Anywhere but
also substantial new products across the talent solutions marketplace in general.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

And as a reminder, we've talked many times during 2020 on our calls with you about the new solution that
workforce is rolling out with the social security administration and talked about that being at run rate of
$40 million to $50 million a year contract. That's going to ramp during 2021 and become a full run rate in
2022. But that's a very attractive addition to the business and just reflects, again, the uniqueness of the
scale of the data set and the uniqueness of the data itself.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Appreciate that. Just as a quick follow-up. Do you see a ceiling on EBITDA margin expansion for EWS?
Can this business get above 60%? Or are you going to just reinvest at a high rate to keep margins
approximately in the mid-50s?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. I don't think we'd invest just to keep margins at a certain level. We invest where we see accretive
returns for our shareholders when it comes to internal investments. And we've been doing that quite
substantially. I think you know over the last 3 years and even in 2020, we were reinvested quite
substantially into workforce, into USIS, whether it was obviously in the cloud transformation investments
but then in new products and new DNA assets, investing in new record additions. So we'll continue to
invest.

With regards to is there a ceiling on there, I think that's a tough question to answer. It's one that we
see a long runway of growth potential for Workforce Solutions. I think I talked about it's our expectation
Workforce will become, sometime in the near future, our largest business unit, which is we think quite
attractive for Equifax and for our shareholders because of its highly accretive nature of its revenue growth
as well as higher accretive nature of its margins.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Only thing I'd add obviously is in terms of acquisitions as well. Workforce is an area where we're focused
as well as obviously other parts of the business but it continues to be a focus area.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan.

Andrew Charles Steinerman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

For the sake of clarity, could you just state what the organic revenue growth is assumed for the '21
guidance at the midpoint? And has this estimate of revenue growth for '21 changed since the December
call? I'm particularly just asking about the account revenues. I assume the account revenues weren't in
the December call and are in it today.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Yes. So Slide 18, we indicate that included in the 2021 guidance is about 1.2 points from acquisitions,
right? So if you think about Kount revenue, we don't have Kount revenue for the entire year. It just closed.
And because of that, it's about 1.2 points. So the inorganic revenue is 1.2%. Is that covered?

Andrew Charles Steinerman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And has your view of organic revenue growth for '21 changed between the December call and today?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

It hasn't, Andrew. The December call is only a few weeks ago. I think -- we still think that's the right
guidance for where Equifax is going to perform the 10.5% organic growth from the business.

There's still -- as you know, a lot of uncertainties in the COVID recovery. We're betting on it starting in the
second quarter. We've already seen some of it in December and January. So I think that's positive towards
that assumption that we have. And of course, our assumption is that the mortgage market, while it's still
very strong, will decline in the second half of 2021.

So I think we've got the right guidance. And I think the momentum we have in the fourth quarter, we
think, supports that 10.5%.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

And if you're asking specifically about the numbers between the framework we provided in December and
today, they're up about $75 million, right, on the top and the bottom end. A chunk of that is Kount, which
we just talked about, right? And then also there was some FX benefit. And it also reflects the fact that we
think there's obviously risk in timing of recovery of the U.S. economy and other economies.

So that $75 million improvement from -- on both the top and bottom end reflects those 3 factors. And
obviously, we performed a lot better in 2020 than we had talked about in December. So the actual
calculated growth rates look different obviously or somewhat lower. But the absolute delivery of revenue in
2021, we think, is about $75 million higher, reflecting the factors that I just referenced.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Kevin McVeigh with Crédit Suisse.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Could you give us a sense of how the shift to the cloud has impacted both the pace and cost of new
product innovation? It seems like from the end of the year, 134, that's from the beginning of the year. How
should we think about that pace in 2021?

And then in terms of ways to reconcile that to what it can mean to organic growth. I guess does it
have the potential to accelerate the core organic growth? The issue is these new product innovations
[indiscernible] higher level [indiscernible]. What is that?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. It's a great question and we talked about that. We really believe fundamental to our strategy is to
really leverage our cloud investments, which we think are incredibly powerful both on the technology
and data side for innovation and new products. And as we talked throughout 2020, we invested more
in product resources to really start driving that leverage of the cloud investments as we focus around
completing the cloud transformation but, more importantly leveraging it.

And as you point out, 134 is a really big increase from our historical new product rollouts. And of course,
those rollouts are in the marketplace now, meaning that our commercial teams are starting to take those
to market. So that's embedded in our core growth assumption for 2021, which is up substantially from
where it was offshore growth in 2018 and '19 and actually up from our historical, kind of pre-cyber growth
rates.

And NPIs are clearly going to be a big factor in that. In my comments, I mentioned that I think it was
50% of our NPIs during 2020. We're really leveraging the cloud. As we move into 2021, that will be
substantially all of our new products, which -- we'll speed up our delivery of new products, speed up the
time of getting them into the marketplace and then also drive the number of products that we want to
bring to the market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

We haven't given an assumption or a target for the number of new products for 2021. But I think we were
clear about our vitality index, which really drives the organic growth from our new products of being quite
substantial at 7% in 2021. So that's a clear lever for growth for us.

And we think this is -- as we go out in '21, '22, '23, this is really central to where we're taking the
company. It's really leveraging the cloud transformation to drive our revenue growth. And that's going to
happen through innovation in new products.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

And Kevin, as you know, right, new products tend to deliver the most revenue for us kind of in year 2 or
3 of their life cycle. So we're very excited about the fact that we have very strong obviously new product
introductions in 2020, which benefit, as Mark referenced, 2021 vitality index and revenue contribution but
should also be tremendously beneficial as we look to 2022.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That makes sense. And then just real quick. How soon can you be back in the market with restarted
buybacks?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

I think your question was about the buyback but I didn't hear the rest of it. What was your question?

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Sorry about that. How quickly can you be back in the market?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

We intend to start the buyback quite quickly. And we'll never load that through the year. We think that's a
positive step forward and reflects our confidence in the future of Equifax. And we think it's a positive step
forward to start with a buyback. It will offset dilution from our employee plans. And again, it reflects our
confidence in the future of Equifax and is a first step forward in returning cash to shareholder base.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Assuming -- once you get to the second half, assuming your mortgage market outlook is correct and that
the market slows, I know you're confident in your ability to outperform the market. But how do you think
about the delta between your mortgage performance in the market when the market is slower? Does that
delta change because of the lower activity? Or does it stay similar just because of your capabilities there?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. I think it's a great question, Toni. I think you have to really separate USIS and EWS. Workforce
Solutions, both businesses are taking advantage of new products in the mortgage space and rolling out
new products in an upmarket is positive and rolling out new products in a down market is positive. So I
think that's one.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

They both have the ability to grow share, meaning grow new customers. And Workforce Solutions has
more capabilities there just because the Workforce Solutions data is less used, using mortgage as an
example, than the credit filers.

And then workforce has just more levers than USIS has and its ability to grow in all markets. And you've
seen that not only in 2020. You've seen it in 2015, '16, '17, '18. And you've also seen it accelerate their
non -- their core growth, if you will, over the last year. And that's driven by a more rapid increase in
records.

We think it's driven by the scale of the database. When you have hit rates that are north of 50% on the
TWN data, that becomes increasingly valuable to customers, driving usage of the data. The value of
predictability of income and employment data, there's just a lot more levers there.

So we've got a lot of confidence in both businesses' ability to outgrow the market. That's underlying what
Equifax does. But I think it's safe to say workforce just has a lot more levers.

And you add records on top of it. As you know, adding records in an up or down market is what we do.
And we added 10 million records last year. But as you know, we had some records leave the database as
employment was reduced by some of our contributors. So that was offset from that. And in an improving
economic environment, we would expect to see hiring improve with lots of our contributors, which is also
going to drive records along with actions like the announcement that we shared this morning that we
signed another big payroll processor to an exclusive agreement.

So the new products are going to help both businesses. And we've got a lot of confidence in our ability
going forward to outgrow underlying markets because of the uniqueness of our data, new products,
penetration, new usage and, of course, workforce with records.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

And Toni, you're certainly right, right? That lower market activity does affect growth rates and everything.
But again, as Mark said, our performance has been so strong relative to the market overall. We feel very
good about what that should portend even for the second half.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. And then I've been getting a lot of questions, I think, given the administration's recent
appointments on regulators. And so could you just talk about your view on what's maybe changed from a
regulatory perspective this year? Would you expect any meaningful changes to be implemented quickly?
And are there any areas in particular that you'd expect to see greater focus from regulators?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. We would argue that regulators have been quite strong for a long time, including during the Trump
administration. Equifax, of course, and our competitors has operated through the Obama administration,
when there was a level of very strong regulation.

Going into the Biden administration, we don't expect meaningful changes. And whatever they are, we'll
respond to them. We play an important role in the marketplace. We've been highly regulated for a long
time. And we know what it takes to operate in a regulated environment. I think that's an important
characteristic that we have to respond to. And we believe we'll be able to respond to the interest that the
regulators have.

There's another question on the legislative side. Is there going to be any changes legislatively around
credit bureaus? We don't think so. We think that we provide a valuable service. And we're focused on
ensuring access to credit, the alternative data, which is a big priority of the current administration. And we
think we have a strong response to that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Operator

We'll take our next question from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My question is around the fraud business. Could you maybe just talk about what's differentiated in your
offering? And specifically as it relates to Kount's packing portfolio, which is pretty strong, could you maybe
talk about the opportunity to repurpose some of those patents across your current portfolio?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. First off, Equifax has a sizable identity and fraud business. We've talked a bunch about the market
macro, which we think is very attractive. As digitization increases, identity authentication really is critically
important. That was happening pre-COVID. It was accelerated during COVID. We think it's only going to
continue to grow.

So we like the macro space, which is why we've been in it for quite some time. And the idea of adding
Kount has been on our radar for quite some time, where we knew Kount for 4 or 5 years. We've watched
them and had the opportunity to acquire them and closed the deal yesterday.

And what Kount brings is really combining with our differentiated data assets in identity and fraud really
just a massive increase in data capabilities, signals.

The 32 billion interactions they have per year is just massive. And the number of addresses, IP addresses,
email addresses, phone numbers, physical addresses, just enhances the capabilities to provide higher
predictability.

And so the combination of Kount data with Equifax data is going to enhance Kount in the retail and e-
commerce space and also enhance Equifax in our traditional spaces. And we'll -- this week, we're already
off to the races of bringing Kount solutions to our banking and lending customers, for example.

The other thing attractive to us with Kount is it moves Equifax into a new industry vertical. We were never
in the retail and e-commerce space and Kount lives there quite strongly.

And then as you point out, they have some really attractive technology beyond their data. If you
combine a lot of their patents and technology capabilities along with Equifax's, including our patented AI
technology, NDT, we think that's another powerful combination.

So we're very energized about the acquisition, excited to have it closed yesterday. And we're off to the
races as of yesterday afternoon of integrating and really moving to the market and driving the synergies
that were part of our acquisition model as we get the business up and rolling as an Equifax company.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great and very helpful. Just my follow-up question and I'll turn it over is just when you look at your core
growth pre-breach, I guess it was 8% then 2%, 3% sort of 2018 and '19. And then we sort of jumped to
11% and guiding 14%.

What's the normalized level of core growth you think you can do consistently post the tech
transformation? Is it sort of an 8% number? Or is it sort of 6%? Any thoughts? I know 2020 was a
different year with sort of the Workforce Solutions business.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Yes. We're not ready to put our long-term framework back in place. But I can tell you we're getting to that
stage. I would expect it would be something we certainly want to do in 2021. We'd like to see a little more
-- a few more months under our belt of this COVID recovery to make sure we see that.

But I hope you get a sense that our confidence in the Equifax model is quite high. When we look at the
core growth in 2020 and the core growth expectation we have for 2021, that's a very meaningful number
for us. It's one that we have a lot of confidence in. And we'll be ready to share our long-term framework
sometime in 2021. But I hope you get a sense that the power of Workforce Solutions obviously, as it
moves to be a larger part of Equifax, is a positive for our core growth.

The new product focus that we have, we've been very consistent with you over the past couple of years,
is that it's our expectation that the cloud investments that we've made will not only drive our margins and
cash but will also drive our top line as we were able to deliver new solutions we couldn't do before and
really drive our new products.

So those are all positives from our perspective in how we think of the long-term growth rate of the
company. And we'll be ready to share that with you in the coming future.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Kyle Peterson with Needham.

Kyle David Peterson
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to start off on the EWS segment. You guys had really strong year there. Have you guys
noticed -- and one of your big competitors came out with an offering a few months back ahead of
partnership with pretty big payroll provider as well. Have you guys noticed any change in either the
competitive environment or new business wins or any momentum over the last few months in that
segment?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

We have not. We haven't seen any kind of commercial traction on that yet. We expect there will be. But at
the same time, we've got a lot of confidence in the scale of the Workforce Solutions business model. The
20,000 verification customer network that we have has taken a decade to build. Our database is multiples
of what we believe our competitors will ever be able to access given the scale of our additions. And as a
reminder, of the 114 million actives we have, 60% of those we've done with individual companies over a
decade. It takes a long time to build that database.

We also have a database that has 350 million total records, including inactive. And 1/3 -- close to 1/3 of
our revenue comes from inactive records, which is another characteristic that's very unique to Workforce
Solutions.

So we've got high confidence in our business model. And as we shared on this call, we signed an exclusive
arrangement with another large payroll processor just last week. That's going to be coming to TWN. And
they came to TWN because of the scale of our capabilities and what we can deliver for them and what they
can deliver to their customers. And then, of course, the revenue share opportunity is very meaningful with
Equifax and is more challenged when you're in a start-up mode.

Kyle David Peterson
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. That's definitely a very helpful color. And then just a follow-up on the GCS business. I know the
partner revenue has kind of been in a tough spot. Just what would it take for, I think, some of your
partners to start upping their marketing and helping that trend kind of improve? Is it is it better trends in
like card and auto markets? Or just like how should we kind of think about that business as the economy
hopefully bounces back here in 2021?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

You nailed it. It's really the economic recovery. It's their customers who are primarily card issuers, P loan
originators having more confidence in building their originations.

What we believe many big card companies are doing is using their own modeling to generate new
customers now. And I would characterize more cautiously and we're seeing that in our revenue directly
with card companies. While it's improving, they're still cautious in this uncertain economic environment.
And when you're cautious, I ran a credit card business for 10 years, you're going to be careful about who
you use for lead generating and generally focus on your own versus buying leads from someone else.

So it's our expectation that as the economy improves and as we move past the COVID pandemic to
whatever the new normal is, our view is that we're starting to see that in the latter part of 2020 for sure
and our non-mortgage businesses and continuing in January. But that will also show up in -- for our lead
generation customers and their revenue will grow.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

And on GCS [indiscernible], we're excited about our Consumer Direct business, right? It continues to grow.
And we've seen the first growth out of it in quite a while, in the third and fourth quarter. So we think that's
a very positive outcome.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I just have a few here. So firstly, just on the organic growth. I just wanted to confirm, right? So in
December, the implied organic growth is close to 6%. Now it's 2.5% to 5%. And I guess what you're
saying is basically, the toughest comp that was created in 4Q is the reason why you just haven't updated
it given the uncertainties. Is that correct?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. So I'm going to make sure I understand the question. I think you're asking about the difference
between the framework we provided in December and the guidance we just provided. Is that correct?

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Sorry. You're just coming through -- I apologize.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

That's all right. Just on the core organic growth, right, because today's guidance implies 2.5% to 5%
organic, which is lower than what it was in December.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Yes. So we performed much better in December than we expected, right? So our revenue came in
very strong. So I understand that you're talking about a growth rate off of our much stronger 2020
performance.

But our view of 2021, right, is actually slightly better than it was when we talked to you in December. And
we took -- we increased the bottom and top end of our range by $75 million. And that reflects Kount. It
reflects some FX benefit. But it also reflects the fact that we continue to believe there's substantial risk in
the timing of the recovery.

So that's really what it is. So yes, we had a stronger December than we expected. So 2020 was very, very
good. But our view of 2021 is actually slightly better than it was when we talked to you in December.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Fine. And then in terms of the exclusive partnerships you have with the payroll provider, I
understand why the large provider would want to come to Equifax. But I'm just curious why did they
sign exclusive? I was just hoping for some color there because why not sign up with others as well and
monetize their data multiple times.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. And Manav, you probably know from prior discussions that the bulk of our relationships are exclusive.
And we think that's the right arrangement between us and our partners. The partners really think having
one relationship is the way to operate. And they believe that brings more value to their customer base.

Remember, if you're a -- use the example of the payroll processor. This is not a core activity for you. But
by providing the income and employment verification services to their customers, they're providing a new
value-added service from a company like Equifax. They deliver that service to their customers, which are
primarily they're processing payroll for, for free. So it becomes more valuable.

And in our case, we just have more scale for their employees, meaning we can access 20,000 different
mortgage originators, auto originators, card originators, meaning we can deliver more value to them than
a start-up could, which is why their desire around exclusive is more important.

I think the scale of Equifax and Workforce Solutions also plays into it. The history we have of over a
decade of providing income and employment verification, the security and controls we have around
privacy, around how the data is used is also a big part the discussion for our partners because they want
to make sure they protect their customers' data. All those play into why the bulk of our relationships are
exclusive and why this one is, too.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. And if I could just squeeze in one quick one. You talked about a lot of things. But I just wanted to
get an update on how you see your partnership with FICO fitting into the scheme of things and how that's
doing.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. I'd say it's going well. We launched it a couple of years ago. We've got a couple of products in the
marketplace. We're still building out some of the technology. But Will and I have a monthly call with the
team to talk about progress. And we still believe that, that's going to be positive for Equifax and for FICO.
So we're very committed to it. And we're continuing to look for more solutions that we might do together
that would leverage both Equifax and FICO.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Just a few little ones to finish off. John, just as you compare like the framework to the 2021 guidance,
people are focused a lot on kind of the revenue growth rate change, which you stated has to do more with
the outperformance in '20 than it has to do with expectations for '21. But the redundant system cost has
gone up a little bit, like $45 million to almost $60 million. I was wondering if you can tell us what's just
going on over there a little bit.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

So was the question -- can you say the end? You're a little garbled. I didn't hear exactly what the end
question was.

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Sure. Redundant system cost seems to have gone up from $48 million -- from $45 million to $58 million. I
was just wondering what's going on over there.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Sure. So just as we continue to move through time, right, we get more clarity on the pace at which we're
able to bring new systems to the cloud, which then drives the incremental costs that we're incurring. And
that continues to progress really well.

So as we continue to move forward, we're able to better view how those costs are going to be incurred.
And then that gives us a view as to when decommissioning will occur. And just as you look toward in 2020,
we have a very nice pace of new systems moving into the cloud, which will -- which should drive the very
good 2022 performance that we've talked about and we talked about during the framework.

So we're just refining the model and continuing to work forward, slightly higher depreciation, I think we
talked to you about before and slightly higher cloud cost. In the context of our total cost base, not really a
very big number.

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then just -- you increased the share repurchase program. It doesn't seem like it's that
aggressive given the company's kind of return to growth. Is there potential to kind of upsize that more
during the year? And also what about the dividend? There hasn't been any change in the dividend in years
as well.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. I think I hope you caught the characterization that we had is this is a positive step forward but I
would also say it's not the last step for Equifax. But we thought it was timely to at least start to return
cash to shareholders and offset employee plan dilution. And as we talked earlier on this call and we've
talked for quite some time, it's our expectation that we'll be rolling out our long-term financial framework
that will also include our capital allocation plan later in 2021. We want to see a few more months of the
COVID recovery before we put that in place.

But our confidence is quite strong on where we believe the company is going, which is why we opted to
announce this first step in our buyback. And as you know, our dividend growth was part of our long-term
framework prior to the cyber event. The stock buyback was also -- and we've been quite consistent that
it's our expectation that both of those will be a part of our long-term framework and capital allocation in
the future.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. If you don't mind me squeezing one more. Social security contract, is that same at 1/2? Does that
slip at all? I kind of was under the impression that it was going to be starting in the first quarter of this
year.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Your question is on the timing of the social security contract. You're right, that is starting on the technical
work in the first quarter. And revenue will start -- as we get into second, it will continue to ramp through
the year. And I think we talked about the run rate when fully deployed, which will be in 2022 full run rate,
is $40 million to $50 million a year of revenue.

Operator

We will take our next question from Brett Huff with Stephens, Inc.

Brett Richard Huff
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Just one question. It's a little bit bigger picture one. As you guys think about the analytics market versus
the unique data market, you're playing in both. Can you talk about how you're thinking you attack that
market? Is it more do we lead with the data and back into the analytics as a cross-sell? Or do we lead with
the analytics products and then use the data to cross-sell? Or am I thinking about that paradigm kind of
incorrectly?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

No. I think you are thinking about it the right way. And it really depends on the customer. If you think
about the larger, more sophisticated customers, they have very sophisticated typically analytics teams. We
still help them with analytics solutions, whether it's scores or models for them. But they do a lot of that
themselves so that they would be more of a data consumer but with a supplement of advanced analytics
from Equifax.

And as you go down in the scale of customers, you quickly get into customers that are really looking for
more turnkey solutions from us, meaning a full product. And that would be new products, new scores,
new solutions that really they can plug in as opposed to try to create themselves. And that's why the
capabilities we have, first and foremost, continue to expand our differentiated data assets is clearly at the
heart of what we want to do.

And now that we have that data in the cloud in a single data fabric, it allows us and our customers to more
easily access that data, in our case, to deliver analytic solutions that are just much more sophisticated and
have multi data elements to it that we think will be quite powerful going forward.

And you're starting to see that in our ramp in NPIs last year. The 134 we delivered is really a good
example of our focus on bringing those solutions to market.

Brett Richard Huff
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Just a quick follow-up. From a buying behavior point of view, are we getting more kind of offers of the
enterprise data? Is there data in [indiscernible] at I don't know, medium, large enterprises? And are they
doing buying there? Or are we still selling individual business units and maybe the left hand and the right
hand don't know that they're both buying from you guys or another analytics company.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

It, again, depends on the size of the company. There's a lot of companies that leverage their sourcing
relationships to try to package everything they do, which from our case, we view as advantageous in
most cases because of the -- particularly the strength of TWN. If you're bringing that in the commercial
relationship, it's just a very valuable data asset.

There are still a lot of customers that buy by product line. That's who we interact with and that's who
we're working and bringing solutions to. We're bringing different solutions to the mortgage business unit
inside of a financial institute in regard of the auto or card or P loan. So it does vary on what we're bringing
from analytics as well as product capabilities. So it is varied by customer.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

You spent $32 million on organizational rightsizing in the quarter. It sounds like it was necessary to enable
some of the deceleration in tech transformation spend you expect this year. I'm just wondering if there are
additional costs of this type or this nature you'd expect to incur in 2021. And if so, are those included in
the $145 million of onetime transformation expense you've outlined for the year?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

So I think when we talked in December, right, we indicated that we would expect to see some decline in
tech transformation expense by quarter as we go through the year. And you can see that because the $45
million in the first quarter is obviously more than 25% of the total that we gave.

So we will -- you'll see a decline in our tech transformation expense as we go through the year. And I
think as we get into talking to more fully about '22, we can talk about whether there could be additional
rightsizing costs that could come. But there would be nothing included in our guidance.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Got it. Got it. And then switching gears a little bit. I was hoping you could refresh us on the open banking
opportunity abroad. Maybe provide a bit more color on how AccountScore addresses this opportunity
specifically. And then lastly, your expectation that the AccountScore acquisition could benefit other
capabilities or provide other capabilities that you can port over to other regions. Or is that primarily a
European business?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. It's a great question. Open banking, as you know, is really gaining some traction in many markets
like the U.K. and Australia. And in all of our markets, we have partnerships. Like in the United States, we
have a partnership with Yodlee around consented data. And we've got a partnership in Canada. We got
another one in Australia and our partner in the U.K. with AccountScore. And there was an opportunity to
acquire them, which we thought was very strategic and -- very strategic for our U.K. business. And we
also believe, as you point out, that there's going to be some capabilities around categorization from assets
that they have and capabilities and some of their technology that we may be able to use in other markets
on a global basis.

Operator

We will take our next question from Andrew Jeffrey with Truist Securities.

Andrew William Jeffrey
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

28

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

I have a question, Mark, just specifically on EWS unemployment. I realize it's a relatively small business in
the grand scheme of things. But the guidance this year, can you unpack that a little bit in terms of whether
that's purely a return to something like full employment in the U.S. or if there was any transitory benefit
from pandemic in terms of employers that might have come to you for assistance and automation that
they perhaps no longer need as the economy recovers? Just a little more color there would be helpful.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. Sure. We -- as you might imagine, we're adding customers during 2020 as we normally do in
Workforce Solutions and Employer Services. And we provide -- we have a lot of value-added services that
are beneficial. In some regards, the macro, when a company is struggling, they look for ways to improve
their efficiencies. And by outsourcing Equifax, some of those activities to Workforce Solutions, there's a
positive there for them.

So that was clearly a part of our focus in 2020. It will continue in 2021. And then, of course, the big macro
was less employees or reducing employees generally is lower activity for our Employer Services business.
And as we have seen some pickup and we expect that to continue in 2021 as the COVID recovery unfolds,
that will be a positive for that business.

And then on top of that, we talked about some of the product stuff we're doing. Like the I-9 Anywhere
really had very, very strong growth just give the uniqueness of the solution, allowing a prospective
employee to complete that process remotely. It was a positive during COVID but it's also positive longer
term. It just is faster. They don't have to come to the HR office. And we can do that with so many different
locations that really drives speed. A lot of employers want to get employees on the floor or into the
warehouse quickly. And this capability really helps drive that speed element.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

And just specific to 2021 guidance, the decline in the unemployment insurance claims revenue that we
gave was specifically just related to the -- to an assumed economic recovery and substantial reduction in
unemployment claims. So there's no -- there's nothing else behind it.

Andrew William Jeffrey
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful, John. And then just as a quick follow-up. Can you just speak to, at a high level, how
much, if any, of the tech replatforming savings you anticipate next year are likely to be reinvested in the
business?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

I think where we gave some framework on 2022 that you've seen on what we expect the savings to be.
We haven't -- we're not ready to give 2022 guidance. I think we're clear in December, we have been all
year, that we expect the tech savings to enhance our margins. But we also expect to continue to invest in
Equifax going forward, whether it's in new products or other priorities. And when we share our long-term
growth framework, we'll give a real framework on that on the long-term basis. And we'll certainly walk you
from '21 and '22 to that long-term growth framework that we'll be putting back in place.

Operator

We will take our next question from George Mihalos with Cowen.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to ask at a high level, Mark, as you see some of these newer sort of payment products, buy
now pay later and the like, can you talk a little bit about the conversations that you're having with your

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

29

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

FI issuer customers? How are they thinking about that from a competitive standpoint? Is that something
you think can have an impact on your business, either negative in terms of lower card growth or positive
in terms of meeting more of your services for them to compete?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. It's the latter. We're talking to all of them. We're providing data and services to them. They still have
to do a level of underwriting as anyone would if you're going to extend credit. And for us, we view it as
a positive macro, meaning if there's more lending -- in essence, this is a buy now, pay later of lending.
That's positive for Equifax because we can help them.

It's authentication. As a part of that, you have to verify that the individuals are who they say they are.
And there's an element of underwriting that takes place. And then there's another piece around that at
data. And we're working with that ecosystem to collect that data so we can add it to our existing data in
order to help them in their processes.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And just a quick follow-up on the buyback. We should be thinking that this is
designed to offset the lease, not to actually reduce share count. Is that the right way to be thinking about
it from a modeling standpoint?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Correct. That's our intention with this first step in our buyback program was to offset share dilution from
employee plans. And we think it's a show of confidence. Hopefully, you view it that way by Equifax as a
step forward in our confidence in the future.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Jeff Meuler with Baird.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Mark, you gave some good commentary on EWS record contributor relationships and incentives. I want to
try to simplify it. But obviously, there's a risk that I'm going to miss something important in that. But -- so
I would love correction if I'm wrong.

So the exclusivity ask is from Equifax. The common contractual relationship with a partner channel is
revenue share. It's a dual-sided network and you have the big network of verifiers. So there's a better
revenue opportunity for your partners by partnering with Equifax. Is that the primary motivation of the 2
sides? Or is there some other benefit to contributors to sign an exclusivity with Equifax?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. I think I shared that earlier question. I don't know if you caught that. So you hit obviously very
important points for the partnership.

But it's also really important, Jeff, to understand that this is a very important relationship because it's a
relationship between the partner, call it, a payroll processor and their customer, meaning a company, the
HR manager. And there's a lot of trust around that. So there's also an element that who are you going to
partner with and what's their history of being in the space.

The fact that we have a million companies contributing to us and that 60% of the data assets that we
have, we've gone to -- company-by-company to collect, now that history plays in that conversation very,
very strongly, meaning that we've done it. We do it well. We protect the privacy.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

30

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

And then there's also the scale to the employee. Remember, this is a real benefit for a company's
employees to help them with their financial lives and how they access credit. And if you look at the
alternative, that payroll processors companies today, their customers, they're doing that verification
individually by the HR manager. There's a lack of privacy. There's a lot of work involved. How do you
know it's a mortgage company calling that HR manager, that small company to verify the income and
employment of one of their employees?

We do that all for them. So it's a very important relationship. So it's a value-added service. And the idea
of having 2 companies do it versus 1, our conversations with our partners is there's not a lot of interest
in that for the economic reasons you raised. But I would argue more importantly because of the scale
of Equifax, the scale of Workforce Solutions, the scale of our privacy and data capabilities, our business
model and how we operate. That is as important or more important than the revenue share, which, of
course, we believe it's very hard to compete with Equifax from a revenue share standpoint.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Got it. Glad I asked that helpful additional color for me. And then just a definitional question. Is core
growth organic constant currency? Or does core growth include the impacts of acquisitions and FX?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

It includes the impact of acquisitions and FX. Although on that slide, we did give you what those impacts
are, right?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

So we always break those out every quarter [indiscernible].

Operator

We'll take our next question from Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

I was wondering if we could just go back to USIS margins in the quarter. And John, I believe you talked
about mix issues or the mix impact on margins there. And I was wondering if you could help us think
about -- how to think about the incremental margins, excluding the tech transition costs as we go forward
through '21. And specifically, if we're modeling mortgage revenue declines or headwinds in the second
half, does that mean we should expect higher incremental margins and vice versa?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Yes. So specifically, we're referencing USIS. And as we talked about in the past, so the margins on
mortgage, specifically because of Mortgage Solutions, are lower, right? So the 2 factors are obviously in
Mortgage Solutions, we buy and resell the trended file from our competitors. And then also the score costs
and mortgage are just higher than they are in any other vertical. So those 2 factors negatively impact our
gross margin on mortgage.

So yes, as mortgage grows substantially, it's a negative to margin percentage, it's obviously very
profitable, right, but negative to margin percentage for USIS. And as mortgage declines, it's somewhat of
a positive.

Obviously, that isn't the only factor that moves -- that affects margins. So I can't tell you that, that's the
only thing that we'll move them around. But as you're thinking about it, yes, that's correct.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

31

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

Okay. All right. And just a follow-up. Maybe we could jump back to the EWS and the payroll processor
agreements you have in place. In terms of the -- well, I guess I'm taking a step back and thinking bigger
picture here. Is there any reason to think that, say, in 10 years' time, this market will become -- would
move from these sort of exclusive relationships to maybe dual sourcing in any way as it has done in sort of
other parts of, say, the credit market, for example? And if not, why wouldn't that be the case?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. We don't think so, given the scale of our capability. Remember, it's quite important that only 40%
of our data records, and of course, it is 40%, come through this partnership model. 60% are individual
companies that we've added over a decade. And that's a lot of effort to add those, going into a company,
convincing them you have the capabilities. And of course, we do it every day. We're adding companies
every week individually at the same time as we're working on these larger partnerships with payroll
processors.

So that scale really gives, we believe, Equifax a real advantage in what we deliver to our customers. And
then also how a contributor, meaning whether it's a company or a partnership like a payroll processor,
thinks about working with someone like Equifax just because of the scale of our capabilities.

And we're showing pretty early that we're expanding that scale. 10 million record additions last year. The
conversation we had earlier about a very large payroll processor moving forward with us on an exclusive
basis later this year. There's a real momentum there for the business going forward.

And then the other element, I think, as you know, is that we're going beyond the W-2. We want to expand
to 1099 in self-employed and gig employees. So there's a lot of work going on by Equifax there. It's
just another vertical data records for us that we think is quite attractive. And we talked also about even
moving beyond -- our intention is to move beyond income and employment and look for other data
records that are a part of that hiring process, whether it's licensure or other data records.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

I understand. So just to follow up quickly there. In terms of the companies that provide the data, is that
invariably a highly labor-intensive collection or arrangement there? I'm just wondering if there's some way
in the future that, that becomes more automated and easier to collect and so easier for new entrants to
start chipping away at those individual relationships.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

No. There are big tech companies that are highly automated. And we've talked in a couple of questions on
this call about the sensitivity they have. They're in the business of processing payroll and other services
for the HR manager. That's their core business. And they want to make sure that if they're going to
partner with someone on income and employment verification, that they're doing it with someone who's
going to deliver real value to their customers, that's going to be done securely with real privacy.

And of course, we've been in this business for a decade. And then also, the idea of a revenue share
because of our scale, we can monetize those records quite broadly across the 20,000 verification
customers we have. That becomes an advantage in that relationship.

Operator

We'll take our next question from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

32

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

You expect more revenue growth to be 10.5% in 2021. Can you discuss how much of the 10.5% you
expect from outperformance to the mortgage market and then break out where you expect the remaining
growth to come from in detail, if you have it?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Yes. So I don't think we're going to give a lot more detail than the 10.5% that we provided. But what
we would expect to happen as we move through the year, right, is we've talked about the fact that we
expect underlying economies to improve. So we expect our non-mortgage revenue growth to improve
meaningfully as we go through 2021.

So you'll see non-mortgage be a substantially larger contributor to core revenue growth as you move
through the year. So that is -- we do expect that to occur. And we think that's one of the contributors to
the fact that we'll be able to deliver very nice core revenue growth even in a declining mortgage market.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And just a follow-up on that first question. Before, on the business update call, you did say that you
expected outperformance of the non-mortgage market to be less than half of the core growth this
upcoming year. Is that still the case here?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

So you're talking about a comment on the December 7 call?

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Yes. So I think what we expect is what I just said, right? We're expecting to see very nice improvement in
our non-mortgage revenue, not just in the U.S., not just in EWS and USIS but also internationally. And I
think that will provide substantially more contribution to core revenue growth in 2021.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And then Mark, you expect the U.S. mortgage market to increase 15% in
the first half of 2021 and then decline 23% in the second half of the year. How would you handicap the
upside/downside potential to your forecast based on the refinancing opportunity out there and also home
purchase trends?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

That's a tough one. We're not economists, obviously, and we're certainly not built to forecast that. We try
to be really transparent, George, with you and our investors in -- all throughout 2020 in the December
call and this one, too, and try to take all the forecasts that are out there from MBA and Black Knight and
others and bring it together in something that felt reasonable.

We still think that feels reasonable that there will be a decline certainly at some point. We could spend
a long time on this call talking about the positives and negatives that might drive that. Obviously, low
interest rates are positive. I think the Fed's position is positive.

Where the COVID recovery is going, it feels a little more uncertain, which is obviously a part of our
forecast for -- guidance for 2021. And we still feel good about that framework, which is why we shared it
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

33

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

in December and we haven't really changed it as we sit here now in February. And we still think it's the
right way to start the year as we think about guidance for Equifax.

Operator

We will take our next question from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Mark, I just wanted to clarify something from your prepared remarks. I believe I heard you say USIS non-
mortgage revenue was flattish in Q4, which is improvement obviously from the prior quarter but then up 5
in December and up 6 in January. Was that right? Or was the up 5 and 6 something else? And if so, what's
driven that sequential improvement in trend in recent months?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

So just to be clear, I think the commentary was specific around online, okay, not around total. And all I
was trying to indicate is that basically the trend was improving through the fourth quarter and we saw a
nice performance in December. And effectively, it's continuing in January. That's all.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

And what are the key underlying drivers of that? Is it more the sort of consumer credit activity? Or is it
new products or other things you're doing to deliver that?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Well, there's no question that there's an element of economic improvement or consumer activity by
our customers. There's no question there. And we've talked about that in third quarter, we saw kind of
steps forward in the fourth quarter and that's really continuing. And then on top of that, we're in the
marketplace. Whether we're trying to gain share or roll out new products, that's a positive element on that
also but certainly underlying that is economic activity.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

All right. And then just a quick follow-up. Just a level set for us, can you tell us what percent of 2020
revenue in both USIS and workforce is mortgage related?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

So we will post, shortly in 5 minutes, updated views of revenue by vertical for every business we get in
Equifax. So if it's okay, if I could ask you to wait 5 minutes, you'll see it you'll see it posted on the website.

Operator

And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to Mr.
Hare for any additional and closing remarks.

Dorian Hare
Senior Vice President of Corporate Investor Relations

Thanks, everybody, for joining today's conference call. We look forward to engaging with you again in
April, when we release our first quarter of 2021 results. In the interim, myself, Mark as well as John look
forward to engaging with you in different forums throughout the quarter.

This does conclude our conference call. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

34

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Operator
That concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

35

EQUIFAX INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

36

