Etsy, Inc. NasdaqGS:ETSY
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 05, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

Revenue  (mm)

0.70

515.68

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-03-2021 11:13 AM GMT

0.92

530.41

2.59

1629.63

3.31

2163.95

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.25

0.48

0.67

0.70

0.30

0.82

0.93

1.15

20.00 %

70.83 %

38.81 %

64.29 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Presentation

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Hi, everyone, and welcome to Etsy's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Deb Wasser, Vice
President of Investor Relations and ESG Engagement. And joining me today are Josh Silverman, CEO;
Rachel Glaser, CFO; and Gabe Ratliff, our Director of Investor Relations.

Today's prepared remarks have been prerecorded. The slide deck has also been posted to our website for
your reference. Once we have finished with Josh and Rachel's presentations, we will transition to a live
video webcast Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] I'll be reading your questions, and Gabe will help me
try to get to as many as we can.

Please keep in mind that our remarks today include forward-looking statements related to our financial
guidance and key drivers thereof, the impact of COVID-19 or its abatement may have on our communities,
business strategy or operating results, the potential benefits of our marketing and product initiatives and
the anticipated return on our investments and their ability to drive growth. Our actual results may differ
materially. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which are described in today's
earnings release and our 10-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021, and which will be updated in any
future periodic reports we filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call
are based on our beliefs and assumptions today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them.

Also during the call, we'll present GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of non-GAAP to
GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release, which you can find on our Investor Relations
website, along with the replay of this call.

With that, I'll turn it over to Josh.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Deb. And good evening, everyone. Q1 was another really strong quarter for Etsy in terms of its
financial results and also in terms of its corporate citizenship. I'd like to start this evening by talking a little
bit about some of those citizenship efforts.

Etsy continues to speak out against racism and harassment. For example, in the first quarter, we donated
$500,000 to support the AAPI community, and we continue to invest in highlighting the wonderful work of
many different underrepresented sellers within our buyer community. For example, our partnership with
the Gee's Bend quilters from Alabama. I'm delighted to report that many of the Gee's Bend shops sold out
within the first 24 hours of the launch of that initiative.

Etsy also launched donate the change, where buyers can round up to support the Uplift Fund, which
provides a path to entrepreneurship for many different communities. And we had over 1 million buyers
round up to support the Uplift Fund in just the last 6 weeks of the quarter.

Third, Etsy continues to deepen its commitment to environmental sustainability, announcing our goal to
be net 0 by 2030. This continues to pave our pathway as a trailbreaker with one of the most ambitious
targets of any of our peer group.

As I said, our Q1 results were excellent. Consolidated GMS was $3.1 billion, up 128% year-over-year. And
that's really the result of strength in the core and continued positive momentum in frequency. You'll also
notice that we came in above the top of guidance, guidance that we gave in late February. Most of that
overshoot relative to guidance was due to the impact of stimulus, and Rachel is going to talk about that
more in her section.

The core business did great in Q1. Our customer cohorts continue to show that we're driving increased
frequency and engagement from all of our different buyer segments. Etsy added 16 million new or

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

reactivated buyers in the quarter for a total of 90 million active buyers, up 91% year-over-year. And I'm
particularly pleased that our fastest-growing segment yet again was habitual buyers, our most loyal and
engaged buyers. We now have 8 million habitual buyers, and that was up 200% year-over-year.

Building on this expanded base, we are laser-focused on driving frequency. And of course, frequency can
be driven in part by your marketing initiatives, things to make you more front of mind for customers. But
it's also critical that we have a customer experience that in and of itself is engaging and drives activity.
And so we've been launching efforts across the spectrum, and to pick just a few, quizzes are something
we launched recently. And that allows a buyer to come and tell us more about their particular tastes and
their particular interests in a light and fun way. That not only makes that visit more engaging in session,
but it gives us important information to help bring that buyer back more often to have more satisfying
experiences in the future.

We've been working a lot on buyer triggers as well, things to notify people through app pushes, through e-
mails and other things that there's something new or interesting that's happening. For example, that -- an
item you favorited in the past has gone on sale.

And when they come back to the site, we've been investing in an Updates tab in the app. Think of that as
your daily feed for what's changed since you've last been here. Maybe an item you've left in your cart has
gone on sale. Or here are some new favorites that you might be interested in to add to your list. It's very
encouraging to see that now 13% of app visits include a visit to the Updates tab, and 27% of those visits
have buyers clicking on one or more of the listings that we include in Updates.

And the fourth pillar is strategic discounting, where we've launched a tool that allows our team to rapidly
test and then automate and scale different types of discounts to very finely tuned customer segments. So
$5 off, for example, on your next purchase.

I've never been more excited about our product road map. We continue to make investments that we
believe are driving long-term value, making the customer experience better. I know we show you this
slide a lot, but it really is how we drive focus and prioritization within our product organization focused
on each of these 4 pillars. We start within each pillar by saying what customer experiences do we want
to focus on to truly uplift. We then ask what are the fewest initiatives that could have the most impact in
those customer experiences. And then we assign very specific goals so it's clear what success looks like
and here's what your constraints are to squads who are owned -- who own the success of those different
initiatives.

So let me take a second now to show you the priorities within each of these 4 pillars for 2021. Within
search, we have 4 focus areas. Personalization is about making Etsy feel more like it's made just for you.
Buyer pathways is about making it easier to find the things you want, whether or not you would actually
put a search query into the search engine, and making sure that we have few, and hopefully no, dead
ends.

Closing the semantic gap is about taking what you happen to enter into a search engine and interpreting
that for what you actually meant you wanted. And of course, all of this relies upon an infrastructure
that is fast and reliable and scalable. Double-clicking on personalization, just to show you an example
of that pillar, we launched the ability to personalize the search results recently, and we're seeing
really encouraging gains from that. But we're still very much in early innings, consuming more data
to understand more about what that customer wants and then delivering, through more sophisticated
models, ever more personalized search results.

But it doesn't end with just the search results themselves. We actually believe that over time, we can
customize the entire experience. So here, you see an example of how the layout itself might be different
for 2 different customer segments. And our ambition over time is to create ever more finely tuned
customer segments that are built through multivariate models powered by machine learning so that Etsy
truly feels made just for you.

I'd also highlight on this slide a couple of the infrastructure improvements that have led to material gains
in the past quarter. For example, the search infra team made the search results faster, which resulted in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

increases in click and conversion rate. And we're able to expand the search results for long-tail queries,
leading to more satisfying buying experiences there as well.

What makes the Etsy marketplace truly special is that every item and every seller has a story and a story
you'd actually be interested to hear. And there's nothing more powerful than video to help to tell that
story.

We also encourage conversations directly between the buyer and seller, something you'll see in few of any
other marketplaces. Because those convos help the buyer and seller to co-create, personalize or customize
or even just to form community. That's one of the things most different and special about Etsy, and we
think investing in this pillar is critically important.

One example of where we're leaning in is in video itself. Sellers have now uploaded about 5 million videos
to the Etsy site. That's up 36% quarter-over-quarter. And we're seeing very encouraging progress when a
listing includes a video, that buyers engage with it more click and even convert more.

But the listing page is only the beginning of where we can be using video to tell the story of Etsy, tell the
story of the item and to help people to engage even more often throughout the site. So expect to see
more video and more places making the Etsy experience even more dynamic.

The third pillar is trust, and we have 4 focus areas within trust. First is speed expectation. That's making
it very clear when you can expect the item to arrive. Second is delivery predictability. Where is this item
in the fulfillment process, being made or currently being shipped to you? Third is issue resolution, making
it even easier to access support and know that we have your back on the rare instance that something
goes wrong. And fourth is seller reputation. This is around giving sellers even more visibility into how
they're performing versus key customer satisfaction metrics as well as setting the bar for what good looks
like so that we create more of a sense of agency among the sellers for how they can drive success in
their business and create a race to the top where the buyer experience improves as a result for all of our
buyers.

Taking seller reputation as an example and showing how we can apply that to fulfillment, on the left
you see a new dashboard we've launched within the seller dashboard. And here, it shows the seller very
clearly which items are expected to ship today, which ones ship tomorrow, which ones ship next week.
So they know exactly where they should be focusing their time and energy. We've also been focusing on
dashboards that show how they're doing versus fulfillment expectations relative to our expectations of
what good looks like so that again they focus their energy. And we've set the standard together on how
we can deliver a consistently great customer experience to our buyers that feels predictable for all of our
sellers.

The foundation of Etsy's Right to Win is our sellers' collection of unique items. I know I've told you in
the past that 90% of buyers report that they come to Etsy for items that they can't find anywhere else.
And in fact, one of the most special parts of Etsy is that most things on Etsy can be personalized and
customized. And in fact, we find that buyers are 20% more likely to make a purchase when they're looking
for customized or personalized items.

So a focus for this year is going to be even more specifically highlighting and showcasing items that can
be personalized and customized as well as streamlining that process of co-creation between the buyer and
the seller. But of course, what good is this great collection of unique items if we don't tell the world about
it? In fact, we launched a brand-new campaign called Why Buy Boring, and I'd like to pause to show you
one of the spots in that new campaign.

[Presentation]

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Given the performance that we've seen in the U.S. from our television campaigns, we're interested to
see whether investments in television can actually accelerate our flywheel in some international markets
and get us to scale even faster. So we're going to be experimenting, leaning in more in the U.K. and in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Germany to see how above-the-line marketing can drive brand awareness and more visitation and get us
spinning faster.

I'd like to show you now an example of a campaign we're going to run in Germany. Germany is a market
that's different than the U.S. and the U.K. in that awareness there is substantially lower, although we are
seeing very positive momentum. So there's more work that needs to be done to introduce Etsy to the
German market. This campaign is called Etsy hat sie, which translates to Etsy Has It.

[Presentation]

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Etsy also has the advantage of being loved by many influencers. So we've created a scalable experience
where influencers can curate or co-create their own set of items and then market those items to their
own communities. That reinforces the desirability, the quality, the diversity and the scarcity of items on
Etsy and allows Etsy to reach out to diverse communities in ways that feel highly personal, curated and
craveworthy.

All in all, I couldn't be more excited about what's ahead for the Etsy marketplace. But speaking of couldn't
be more excited, I'd like to take a moment also to give you an update on how things are going with
Reverb.

Reverb also had an outstanding Q1. GMS grew about 50% or about 5x faster than the musical
instrument industry. And Reverb continues to deepen its moat, serving as the primary marketplace for
many musicians. Reverb's 4 key focus areas for 2021 are going to be around personalization, around
partnerships with brands like Fender to market new gear, deepening its investments in growth in
international and continuing to improve the customer experience.

It's now been about 18 months since Etsy acquired Reverb, and we couldn't be happier with how that
partnership has evolved. As you'll see on the left, Etsy has helped Reverb to expand its gross margins
from 33% to about 53%, and the purchasing power and scale of Etsy has played an important role in that.
We've taken many of those gains and we've reinvested in marketing. And that investment in marketing
has also helped to accelerate the growth of Reverb.

But we're not just investing more. We're investing more efficiently. So you'll see on the right that each
dollar of marketing is driving more GMS through the incorporation of Etsy's tools and techniques to help
make the marketing funnel within Reverb even more efficient.

In closing, Q1 was another great quarter for Etsy. I couldn't be prouder of the team or more grateful to
the whole community.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Rachel.

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Josh. And thank you, everyone, for joining us for our call. My commentary today will cover
consolidated results, key drivers of performance and Etsy's stand-alone results where appropriate.

We saw continued momentum in Q1 as we delivered another strong quarter across the board, delivering
higher-than-expected GMS and revenue and healthy adjusted EBITDA. On a consolidated basis, Etsy's first
quarter GMS grew 132% to $3.1 billion. Revenue grew 141% to $551 million. And adjusted EBITDA was
$184 million with margins of about 33%.

On a consolidated basis, international GMS expanded 200 basis points sequentially to 42% of overall GMS.
International GMS grew faster than our overall growth, accelerating to 169%. Our fastest-growing growing
trade route in Q1 was once again our domestic sales between buyers and sellers within the same non-U.S.
country. International domestic delivered its highest ever growth in Q1 and grew more than 2x faster than
our overall growth rate.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

While we continue to benefit from significant macro tailwinds in several core international markets,
success can also be attributed to our focused strategy to build local marketplaces by supplementing global
product launches with locally relevant optimizations that expand domestic vibrancy. In addition, we've
been careful and measured in our marketing approach by efficiently using performance marketing dollars
and now adding brand spend in the U.K. and Germany.

When we provided our outlook for Q1 in late February, we mentioned that unpredictable macro events
beyond our control could create volatility in performance. And as you can see from the monthly cadence,
January was up 130%. February was up 107% impacted by weather events, as we had previously
noted. And March was up 161% as we lapped the onset of the pandemic and saw positive impact from
government stimulus checks.

U.S. government stimulus was only a very small part of our guidance for the quarter, but the timing and
impact turned out to be much larger than we had anticipated, and we believe, made up the majority of
our guidance beat. In estimating the impact of stimulus checks, we bifurcated GMS growth trends between
ZIP codes with household income higher and lower than $50,000. And as you can see from this slide, after
the distribution of stimulus checks, GMS growth from ZIP codes with income lower than $50,000 outpaced
those at more than $50,000.

On an Etsy stand-alone basis, our category mix remained fairly stable, with our top 6 categories
representing over 80% of our GMS and growing 115% year-over-year. Weddings, a shopping occasion
that was a headwind to our overall growth in 2020, was up 43% in Q1 and remains an opportunity as
geographies reopen.

As mobility restrictions ease and consumers shift their purchasing habits to reflect a more social lifestyle,
Etsy's category mix could reflect that dynamic. For example, just recently in March, GMS growth was
driven in part by gifting related to Easter and U.K. Mother's Day, which were celebrated with more in-
person family and outdoor events than in the prior year.

A great signal of the health of our core business can be seen on this chart. Non-mask GMS growth
accelerated 20 percentage points quarter-over-quarter to 138%, the second consecutive quarter of
sequential acceleration. As anticipated, mask sales continued to contract as a percentage of overall GMS to
2.5%, down from 4% in Q4.

Consolidated Q1 revenue was again driven by growth in both marketplace and services revenue, with
key drivers being GMS volume, Etsy Payments, Etsy Ads and Offsite Ads revenue. Transaction revenue
grew 144% year-over-year, driven by higher GMS from visit growth and an expansion in conversion rate.
Payments revenue was up 156%, and we processed 92% of our Etsy stand-alone GMS through Etsy
Payments in Q1, up from 89% in Q1 of 2020.

Consolidated advertising revenue was up 93% year-over-year. You'll recall that in the first quarter of 2020,
our Etsy Ads revenue model included a portion related to Google Shopping of about $11 million. Excluding
this Google Shopping revenue from Q1 2020, consolidated on-site advertising growth was up 138% in Q1
2021.

For Offsite Ads, Q1 was our final fully incremental quarter of revenue for this service as we began to bill
sellers in early May of 2020. We recently expanded our distribution channels for Offsite Ads to the Google
Display Network, which provides access to over 1 million affiliate sites. While spend on this channel is
relatively small today, sellers can now reach buyers on major publishing sites such as BuzzFeed, Martha
Stewart and Better Homes and Gardens. As a reminder of how the model works, Etsy places ads on
behalf of our sellers, leveraging our marketing expertise and budget while only charging sellers if ads
lead directly to sales within a 30-day attribution window. We continue to make strides in bolstering our
advertising products and initiatives to help sellers drive velocity in the marketplace and take control of
their success.

Etsy Payments, Etsy Ads and Offsite Ads all were drivers of the take rate expanding to 17.5%, up 60 basis
points compared to Q1 of last year and 40 basis points sequentially.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Gross margin was 74%, expanding 10 percentage points compared to last year and continuing to benefit
from our shift to Offsite Ads, which delivers incremental revenue without an equal offset in the cost of
revenue. Gross margins were also positively impacted by the leverage gain of the highly variable nature of
our revenue base and Reverb's higher transaction fee versus prior year.

We continue to leverage marketing and product investments to drive incremental growth on the platform.
Prior to making an investment or launching a new initiative, we rigorously test and iterate to ensure we're
delivering a positive ROI.

In Q1, we launched a new TV campaign, expanded our performance marketing channels and continued to
drive efficiencies. Q1 consolidated marketing spend was $151 million, up 212% year-over-year. There's
never been a better time for us to lean into advertising and gain share. There are 3 factors that help
explain how marketing is generating momentum and driving profitable growth.

First, we continue to benefit from buyer frequency as our cohorts are engaging with us more often,
leading to material gains in lifetime value. For example, GMS per buyer is up 20% year-over-year. And as
we achieve growth in LTV, it enables us to spend more marketing dollars at a healthy ROI.

Second, as part of our Offsite Ads initiative, we generate an additional seller fee when we successfully
place an ad that leads to a sale. This incremental revenue recoups approximately 30% of our performance
marketing spend and increases lifetime value and consequently allows us to reinvest to drive more growth
for our sellers, a beautiful virtuous flywheel.

And third, because we have continued to heighten awareness of the significant breadth of merchandise
on the Etsy platform, there was higher demand for our long tail of keywords, creating more ad inventory
for us to bid on that meets our ROI hurdles. Brand marketing spend, which includes television and digital
video, was 13% of our consolidated marketing spend in Q1. We intend to increase brand marketing as
a percentage of total spend, which will continue to shift the LTV curve a bit further out and late in the
payback period of the marketing portfolio overall.

Our product development investments continue to deliver strong returns, driving higher conversion
rates and frequency. This investment is reflected in our pace of hiring and has led to GMS growth. We
accelerated hiring in Q1, adding nearly 100 employees. We ended Q1 with 1,508 employees, an increase
of 18% compared to Q1 of last year and at an accelerated pace versus the 14% increase we had in all of
2020.

In addition to growth investments, we allocated a meaningful portion of our portfolio to foundational spend
or infrastructure to serve the platform. For example, we invested in areas such as data infrastructure,
member services and our developer experience to make our platform faster, more efficient and reliable.

Moving to our operating metrics for the Etsy stand-alone marketplace. We delivered the highest growth
rate since we became a public company for active buyers, repeat buyers and habitual buyers in the first
quarter. In Q1, active buyers grew 91% year-over-year to approximately 90 million, and growth in new
buyers grew 114%.

Habitual buyers, our most loyal buyers, grew over 205% for the quarter to 7.9 million, the fourth quarter
of sequential acceleration. Despite only accounting for 9% of active buyers, this segment contributes on
average about 40% of GMS. So as we develop the product and marketing strategies that Josh discussed,
we pay a lot of attention to these buyers as well as those that could eventually become habitual in the
future. In addition to our habitual buyers, repeat buyers, those who made purchases on 2 or more days in
a 12-month period, grew 114% to 36 million.

GMS per active buyer on a trailing 12-month basis grew 20% year-over-year, driven by repeat purchases
and frequency. Our cohorts continue to show stable underlying trends as we invest to drive further
stickiness and habit-forming behavior.

Active sellers grew 70% year-over-year to 4.5 million for the Etsy marketplace, and we are focused on
growing the pie for all our sellers. Trailing 12-month GMS per active seller was up 34%, and listings on our
marketplace grew to over 90 million items.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Moving to the balance sheet. As of 3/31, we had $1.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents and short-
term investments in addition to a $200 million revolver that is currently undrawn. Our business model is
capital-light, and our cost structure is highly variable to revenue. And we've continued to take measures to
optimize and scale our marketplace.

Turning to our outlook. Given volatile global macroeconomic conditions that impact consumer spending
broadly and external e-commerce forecasts which continue to be in flux, we are only providing guidance
for Q2 at this time. We currently estimate Q2 consolidated GMS to be approximately $2.8 billion to $3.1
billion, up about 5% to 15% compared to Q2 of last year; revenue of $493 million to $536 million, up 15%
to 25% versus last year; and adjusted EBITDA of $129 million to $144 million, with a margin in the range
of 25% to 28%.

Here are a few reminders as you update your models and think about the cadence of growth. In Q2 of
2020, we saw the beginnings of significant growth in face masks, which delivered $346 million of GMS
in the quarter and 14% of Etsy's stand-alone GMS. As we showed you, in Q1 of 2021, face masks have
declined to less than 3% of Etsy's stand-alone GMS and have been declining sequentially each quarter
since Q2 of last year. We are forecasting continued sequential decline in the remainder of 2021.

Leading macroeconomic indicators such as TSA flight information, mall traffic and Google mobility data
suggest that as states and countries reopen, activity and consumption in non-retail categories is picking
up, and this could imply increasing headwinds in the balance of the year. For example, we have started
to see what we believe are some reopening headwinds in select core markets. We monitor third-party
forecast, as do you, and data suggest that 2021 e-commerce growth will have been the highest in Q1.

Our estimate is that government stimulus drove approximately 8 percentage points of GMS growth in
Q1 2021. We have already seen this benefit wane in April and early May and do not expect government
stimulus to similarly impact our business in the second half of this year. Coupled with the continued
decline in mask sales, we also currently expect new buyers to decelerate in 2021 given the record number
of new buyers we acquired in 2020. That said, we're encouraged by the progress in frequency and are
hyper-focused on delivering a better user experience for all of our buyers.

We expanded GMS substantially through 2020, with the highest GMS in Q4 2020. This means that year-
over-year comps in 2021 are expected to get steeper as we go through the year. That fact, combined
with the other factors I just outlined, possible deceleration in e-commerce growth, absence of stimulus
tailwinds and potential future impact from business reopenings, implies that year-over-year growth rates
may decelerate as we progress from here.

Wrapping up guidance, you may also want to think about Q2 performance by modeling a 2-year stack
looking at 2021 versus 2019, which implies 170% growth for Q2 at the midpoint of the guidance range,
a mild deceleration compared to 207% in Q1. To put a finer point at it -- on it, that is $3 billion of GMS
in Q2 2021 compared with $1 billion 2 years ago. That's an incremental $2 billion. Even if you forecast
more deceleration in the second half, you'll still see very strong full year results on a 2-year stack basis.
We believe this is a better representation of the stability and sustained momentum that we have seen in
our growth trends.

We remain very excited about the opportunity ahead and believe that now is the right time for us to invest
for growth. These investments primarily are in the form of people and marketing dollars. Our growth has
vastly outpaced our hiring, and we're leaving far too many great ideas on the cutting room floor. We've
already added 100 employees in Q1 and intend to keep hiring throughout the year, so we have ample
resources in time to impact the holiday season and beyond.

We're establishing a new product development center in Mexico City, a great location for tech talent, and
you will see us begin to hire there in addition to our existing locations. In addition, we continue to make
important investments in infrastructure, marketplace safety, compliance and customer support, critical
functions that support our growth.

And finally, we see great opportunities in marketing, especially internationally, where we are less
penetrated in key channels relative to the U.S. And we are testing whether brand investments can further

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

accelerate growth. In Q2, we intend to invest an incremental $15 million in brand marketing versus Q1,
including more spend in Germany and the U.K., contracting our margins in the short term. We believe
these investments will be ROI positive and expect they will deliver a return over many quarters in the
future.

In closing, I want to reiterate that as we navigate unprecedented times, we remain highly confident and
encouraged about our long-term opportunities. We also believe that our brand is more relevant than ever
before as we build top of mind awareness in the hearts and minds of consumers.
Thank you all for your time today. I'll now turn the call over to Deb so we can take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Hi, everyone. We're going to dive right in. We have quite a lot of questions in the queue. [Operator
Instructions]

So I'll start with a question from Darren Aftahi from ROTH. "On your search and discovery goals
specifically on the semantic gap, what are you working on that will improve this gap in 2021? And longer
term, how good can your search results mirror a shopper's intent?"

I think we'll start with Josh for that one.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Great. I love it. And thank you for that question. I can geek out on this stuff all day. So I'm happy to have
you geek out with me. So just to be clear, semantic gap is about translating what you meant with what
you actually wrote. So for example, cocktail attire for men, a good search result for that might be a blue
blazer. And yet the word cocktail nor attire might appear in the title of blue blazer. So there's a lot of work
we've been doing to improve our models on that. We've been making great progress. Three things I'd talk
about that are underway that we think are exciting.

One is using neural or deep learning models to expand the number of candidates of 100 million items.
Picking the right small set that are actually appropriate from which you can then rank from 1 to 500 is
actually a big part of that task, that first pass through the 100 million listings to find the right candidates.
And we're starting now to leverage deep learning models to do that.

Second thing I would say is what do you do for listings that are relatively new that haven't been exposed
to very many buyers, where you have very few data points. So we're starting now to interpolate with new
listings where we think they might be relevant.

And the third thing we're doing in semantic bridge is language agnosticity. So you might have done your
search in French, but we're going to show you some German search results as well.

Those are 3 examples, but I also don't want to imply that when we launch a neural model that we are
done and we move on. We might spend years optimizing that model. And so we are in the very early days
of launching these models, experimenting and improving our results with these models.

So to the question of how good can we get, I don't know. We'll find out. I think we'll never be perfect, but
we can get a lot better than we are. And we are already a lot better than we were even 1 year ago.

The other thing I'd say in this area is that we won't always speak with words. And so one of the things
we're focused on now is how can we use pictures. Let us show you some things. You might not even know
the words to express what you want, but we might be able to show you some ideas. And as you interact
with those ideas, that tells us what you want, and we get better and better.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Great. Thanks, Josh. Next one is from Maria Ripps from Canaccord. "With growth in habitual buyers
accelerating so strongly, can you talk about the key drivers there? In addition to multiple search and
platform improvements as we just discussed, is there anything else you would highlight from the category
engagement standpoint that's driving the strong buyer engagement?"

Josh, do you want to start there?

Joshua G. Silverman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

CEO, President & Director

Well, as I talked about in my prerecorded remarks, we are very focused on building more hooks into the
experience to engage you and have you come back wanting more, and importantly, having the site be
very rewarding in terms of what's next. For those of you, and hopefully all of you use Etsy regularly, the
Etsy homepage has been the rearview mirror for many years. You show up on Etsy, and it's things you've
recently viewed or things you recently favorited, or it's a bunch of things you've already done.

We're moving much more now to show you more recommendations, more leaning forward, things you
might like, things you haven't seen, shops you've favorited. Here's 3 new items from those shops. And
so we're both figuring out how to learn more about your taste and preferences so we can provide better
recommendations and then entice you with things that we think are going to be interesting to make you
want to come back more and more.

And part of that is, of course, the listing experience and recommendations. But part of that is things like
video. And when we talk about videos, by the way, it's not just shooting that item from multiple angles.
Some of the videos that we're finding are most mesmerizing are the making of videos. Customers seem
very interested in how did you actually make this product, and they can watch those for hours sometimes.
It's fun and inspiring. And that's uniquely Etsy. You're not going to find that on other platforms.

And so finding ways to really engage customers in the platform is something we're very focused on as well
as all of the marketing efforts. And the television investment we're doing and the performance marketing
investment we're doing also helped to keep Etsy top of mind and really make us a place that people want
to come back to.

And I'm particularly proud that when we ask customers now in both the U.S. and the U.K. a very generic
question, which is just, "What are your favorite places to shop online?" Etsy is now top 10 in both of those
2 markets. And that's the kind of thing we're going for, that we're top of mind. And we're not like, "What's
your favorite handmade site?" or "What's your favorite place to go for niche?" Just, "What's your favorite
place to shop online?" Etsy's now top 10 site by our internal survey work in both the U.S. and the U.K.,
and I think that's really encouraging.

The second part of your question was about category mix. And I can guess, like you can guess, what's
going to happen with home furnishings, what's going to happen with events like weddings. What I would
say is one of the parts of the Etsy model that I like the most is that we can speculate a lot, but we don't
actually do anything differently at Etsy. We have 100 million items for sale on Etsy today. So whatever is
hot tomorrow, there's an enormously high probability that we have it. And if we don't have it, it will be on
the site within hours.

And so our marketplace responds very dynamically to trends, and our performance marketing system
picks that up in largely real time. And boy, did we ever see that through COVID, right? We have an
incredibly agile and dynamic marketplace.

So unlike so many others, we're not sitting around guessing what's going to happen in June and buying
inventory against that and putting marketing spend against that only to maybe be proven right and
maybe be proven wrong. We have a marketplace that naturally adapts. And we tend to work much
more horizontally on making sure that the seller experience is really good, making sure that the buyer
experience is really good. And whenever they want to buy and sell in that particular moment is great by
us.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Great. Thanks, Josh. The next one, I think, is for Rachel. Last quarter -- this is from Lauren Schenk
at Morgan Stanley, excuse me. "Last quarter, you mentioned Q1 take rate would likely be the high-water
mark for the year. Is that still the case? What are the puts and takes to thinking about regarding the take
rates through the rest of the year?"

Rachel C. Glaser

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Chief Financial Officer

Lauren, thank you for the question. So we did say that Q1 would likely be the high-water mark. And the
guidance we just gave at the midpoint implies that we are stable to the Q1 take rate, if not just a little bit
higher. Some of the things that are driving take rate improvement are our Offsite Ads program, our Etsy
Payments and our Etsy Ads, which are all stable and growing.

And so we didn't give guidance for the full year. I can remind you, though, that usually in the fourth
quarter, we see the take rates might hit their lowest point just because revenue relative to the very, very
high conversion rate we get on transactions, GMS will increase significantly and our -- and the non -- the
elements of revenue that are not variable with GMS like listing fees and Etsy Ads will be relatively lower.
So Q4, relatively low point in the year, Q1 and Q2 are stable and strong as we've guided.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Rachel. It's perfect. Next one is from Ygal Arounian from Wedbush. It's actually a very
multipart question, some of which we've done already. So I'm going to stick with the first part of it. "Now
that we're through the COVID here and we think about the opportunity to keep the significant surge of
new buyers you've had potentially increasing their frequency, what are the main products that allow you to
keep the new and reactivated buyers coming back to Etsy?" I think by products, I think we mean product
experiences, but we probably can interpret that in multiple ways.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean obviously, with 100 million items for sale or more on the site now, it's likely we've got it
with the exception of a few categories that really aren't appropriate. So the main thing is keeping the
main thing, the main thing. People need to have a great experience on Etsy when they come, when
they browse, when they shop. And I've talked a bit about some of the things we're doing to drive more
engagement and keep you coming back: personalization, recommendations, videos.

Let me talk a little bit about seller performance. I'm really quite excited about that as well in addition. Our
sellers want agency. They want to know what they can do that will make them more successful. And we
have the ability to do a better job telling them that. So the more we can provide them with, for example,
a customer satisfaction scorecard. Here are the 5 metrics that matter most to your buyers, and here's how
you rank relative to other sellers and relative to what good looks like.

That will be very helpful for sellers, and it will let them know where to invest their precious time and
energy. And in doing so, I have no doubt that the clearer we can be about what good looks like and where
they are relative to that, the more they will rise to that opportunity and do a great job. And that creates a
race to the top that makes the experience better for all of our buyers.

And so some of the things we've already launched in that area are around fulfillment time. You as a buyer
want to know when the item is going to come. And then you want it to -- it needs to arrive on time. And
so you've seen us now in the seller dashboard launch very clear to seller, here is what needs to ship today.
Here is what needs to ship tomorrow. And we've started to experiment with what's the easiest way to
explain to sellers how they're doing on fulfillment and what good looks like there. And you should see us
do more and more of that.

And I think that's going very helpful in terms of lifting all boats and making the buyer experience at
Etsy better and better and better, combined with the marketing efforts that we're doing that are keeping
Etsy top of mind so that as we have a fantastic experience that delivers so often, we're there and we're
planting the seed and we're building a habit. And us leaning into brand marketing right now is part of that.
I think that this is a fantastic time for us to be reinforcing what is unique and special and different about
Etsy and how often we're relevant for buyers.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Okay. The next one comes from John Colantuoni from Jefferies. "Even after experiencing impressive
growth in frequency and retention over the past year, average spend per buyer on Etsy is still less than
1/3 of other e-commerce players. I know it's not a perfect comparison, but can you talk about what
initiatives you've been implementing to continue driving spend higher even from today's levels? And then
assuming higher spending flows through to higher lifetime value over time, how should we think about
the margin implications of spending to drive a more valuable buyer, particularly when a portion of those
buyers are coming from the Offsite Ads program?"

Rachel, do you want to maybe take that one?

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

I can start, and I'd love Josh to weigh in. So I think one of the things that is really resonating with people
through our marketing is why to come to Etsy and when to come to Etsy. And so we've talked before in
the past about thinking about Etsy not just for the cushions but for the couch. And as we see more in the
increase of habitual buyers and the significant increase in frequency, that's an example of people coming
and really understanding the breadth of product that Etsy has to offer.

I'll also mention that the average order values are higher in Reverb, for instance. So as Reverb also grows,
we get increase in higher spending items there as well. Higher average order values may imply that we
have higher -- some higher margin to invest there with our marketing. And so that the whole -- that works
-- the whole ecosystem will work positively in that regard.

To date, though, the primary growth we've gotten from GMS has been more visits and higher conversion
rates. And that's where our efforts have really focused, and that's where we're getting a lot of the value
creation from the marketing investment.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

I'll only add that I agree with your thesis. If you look at something like SimilarWeb, it says that Etsy and
Wayfair are pretty comparable in terms of visits per unique visitor per month or per quarter. But in eBay,
it's 3x our level. And Wayfair's only home furnishings. Etsy is across many, many categories. So it stands
to reason that we would look more like an eBay than we would like a Wayfair.

So I agree that there is a lot of opportunity for us to do better. And that's about really helping our buyers
understand the breadth of offering that's available on Etsy and all the different times that we can actually
serve them. And we're doing more. So for example, right now for brand-new buyers, we're using video to
have a brief like "welcome to Etsy" moment where we start to explain to them all the different things that
we have on offer. We're doing some quizzes, tell us the kinds of things you like and you tend to buy, which
by the way, also plants the seed for all the different things you can buy on Etsy.

And then when I think about consumer sentiment, I think that over the next coming years, and we're
already starting to have this, there's going to be some introspection around shopping your values and
where you want to buy and who you want to support. And I think Etsy is going to do very well as people
think more and more about, "Do I want to spend all of my e-commerce dollars with one place? Or do I
want to support small businesses?" I think people are going to want to support small businesses a little
more, particularly when those small businesses deliver a great experience at a fair price. And I think we
can do that. I think our sellers can do that.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Great. I think I'll go to one from Nick Jones at Citi. "In the press release, you noted that Offsite Ads
has expanded to include more affiliate channels. Can you touch on the puts and takes of optimizing your
current channels versus adding more affiliate channels?"

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Shall I jump in on that one?

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

I think so, yes.

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Okay. So the first thing I'll say is that the vast majority of Offsite Ads and all available ad inventory is on
2 sites. And that's Google and Facebook with their PLA programs, and that's where -- and we're already
there on those things. It's great that we've been able to add Google Display Network and affiliates into the
mix, but I would consider those to be a much smaller portion of where we see the growth coming from.
Future growth will really come from continued increases in conversion rate on the site. And so that's where
we're really focused.

I'll put in one more. We gave a data point on this call also that I think is just worthy of mentioning that
our Offsite Ads program gives us about a 30% offset -- in the quarter, it gave us about a 30% offset to
our entire performance marketing spend. And so when you think about Etsy's profitability and marketing
spend, it's important to look at that piece of revenue that is offsetting what you see in our marketing line.
So we're really getting good -- we have a lot of spending power. We can spend deeper as we make these
LTV increases from things like Offsite Ads and product improvements.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. The next one from Jason Helfstein at Oppenheimer. "Can you talk about the quarter-over-quarter
acceleration in seller services and how you see that playing out for the rest of the year?"

Rachel, if you want to start with that.

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Deb, do you mind repeating the question?

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Sure. "Can you talk about the quarter-over-quarter acceleration in seller services and how you see that
playing out for the rest of the year?"

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

So we had about over a 90% increase in our Etsy Ads product. And we -- again, that benefits from
increased conversion rates and increased traffic to Etsy's site. We didn't give full year guidance beyond
Q2. And we didn't give specifically services -- guidance to the services revenue, but we believe there's a
lot of strength in that product. And increased demand for the site and increased conversion rates should
support those -- should support our services revenue there.

The other services that we have, of course, are shipping and a few other ancillary line items. And so
majority of our services growth is going to come from our Etsy Ads product.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Perfect. Thanks, Rachel. The next one is from Nick Jones at Citi, and I think this will be a great one
for Josh to take. "As Etsy laps tough comps over last year and you take stock of Etsy brand recognition
pre-COVID versus today, how would you quantify and qualify the improvement of brand recognition in
terms of Etsy being top of mind for shoppers?"
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

I would say it's better but not best. We have a lot of opportunities still to go. By our internal survey work,
we have made meaningful improvements throughout the funnel, so unaided awareness, visit intention and
preference. And in fact, we continue to see a slightly concave curve in that more people say that they are
passionate evangelists of us than say have an immediate intent to come back and shop in the near term.

So that continues to be a gap around what are your needs and does Etsy have things for your needs. So
reminding them that many things they want to buy, you could actually find on Etsy. But we've seen that
entire brand awareness funnel go up, and we're very pleased by that. I'm sure it's a combination of plenty
of people actually visiting the site over the course of the prior months and quarters and being happy with
what they've seen. It might have been their first time on Etsy, or they might not have been on Etsy in a
while.

And I think it's a better Etsy than it was a few years ago, and I think people are seeing that and feeling
that and experiencing that. And I think our marketing efforts are having a meaningful impact on that, our
above-the-line marketing efforts, our below-the-line marketing efforts and influencers talking about us
and friends over Zoom calls talking about that great purchase they just made.

And all of that is helping to push brand awareness. Ultimately, what matters is if you tell someone, you
have the following purchase mission. You need to buy a gift for your mother for Mother's day. You have 2
seconds. Where do you go? It's what is on the tip of your tongue. That's what we're going for.

And so that's where the survey research -- just asking people, "What are your 10 favorite places to shop
online?" That's our ambition. We don't want to be the best handmade place. We don't want to be the best
home furnishing place. When we ask people, "What's your favorite place to shop online?" I want them to
say Etsy. And I think that, that ambition is the right ambition for us.

And we are now a top 10 site according to our internal research for many customers in the United States
and the U.K., but we can certainly move up that ranking. It'd be great to be top 5. And by the way, there's
a lot more markets in the world than just the U.S. and the U.K.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. Josh, I thought you might want to add in there a little bit about Germany in case people didn't hear
what you had to say on -- you want to slide that in there? Yes.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

So we are making progress in Germany, and Germany saw really nice growth in 2020. And we've got more
vibrancy now on the buyer and the seller side than we did before. But brand awareness in Germany is still
actually quite low. If you ask the average German, where do you go to shop online, not a ton of them are
going to put Etsy in their top 10 or even necessarily going to have Etsy in the tip of the tongue.

So in the past, what we've done is we've really leaned on performance marketing until awareness in the
market is very high. And then we go with TV. In Germany, we're experimenting with going with TV earlier.
Can we drive brand awareness, which is in fact, going to turn the funnel faster and make our performance
marketing more efficient?

And so that's an experiment that we're running starting in the second quarter. We'll run it for a little while.
You don't learn this in just one quarter. But we're spending an incremental $15 million in television ads
in the second quarter. Almost all of that is going to be in the U.K. and Germany to see what TV can do
over time. And I would expect that to be an investment that will span through 2021, but over at least the
course of this year, what can that do to our brand metrics.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Okay. Great. Thanks, Josh. The next one is from Laura Champine at Loop. This one's for Rachel. "Can you
update us on your long-term margin expectation given that 2020 likely created several changes relative to
your thoughts at the most recent Analyst Day, which was in 2019?"

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Laura, so we did give guidance for margins in Q2. And you -- from that guidance, you can see that they
contract a little bit from what we delivered, over 30% margins in Q1. And we've been talking for most of
2020, and we talked about it again last quarter, that we would expect some margin contraction because
we think now is the time to be investing. In fact, the words we used on this call are we're leaving far too
many things on the cutting room floor.

The thing that takes a bit of time to ramp is hiring people. And so we're -- and we are accelerating the
hiring. We talked about hiring 100 people in Q1. Year-over-year, Q1 was 100, and it was 18% growth and
all of -- sorry, it was 18% growth, not 118% growth in terms of head count adds versus Q1 of last year.
But that's up from 14% in all of 2020. So you can see uptick in hiring. And as we get more people on
board, that ought to contract margins a bit. We would expect those to yield future top side gains in future
quarters.

And then you just heard Josh talk about investment in brand marketing. We're going to continue to lean
into brand marketing. And in fact, we're spending $15 million more in Q2 in brand marketing, most of
which is in U.K. and Germany. And so those things also will yield, but with brand marketing, the payback
curve is a little bit longer.

And so those things taken together, without giving you specific guidance on margins, we believe we have
a wonderful, healthy business model with low fixed cost and not capital intensive. But these are the years
that we'd like to be investing for that long-term growth to get future margin expansion.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Perfect. And then I'm going to slide one more last one in here before we finish. From Shweta Khajuria of
Evercore ISI, "Which of the product and marketing initiatives were most impactful in driving GMS growth,
and importantly, buyer frequency and habitual buyer growth?"

Josh, you want to start with that? And then Rachel can add anything that she wants to.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Sure. There hasn't been one launch that's been the big thing. And we do think that these tend to work
collectively. So it is getting easier to find what you want on the site, meaningfully easier to find what you
want on the site. When you find it, it's feeling more human. And you're gaining more trust in the fact that
it's going to arrive on time. It's going to be what you want. We'll have your back if anything goes wrong.
And we're making it easier for our sellers to do their job servicing customers and taking away some of the
administrative work and other things for our sellers.

And those things in combination are leading to a really good experience, which is what matters in terms
of having people come back more and more. And we're also projecting that more into the market through
marketing, right? So I really can't point to one thing that was like the big thing. I'm happy about that
because I hate to bet our business on one big swing for the fences. We think that working collectively and
having this virtuous cycle spin our flywheel faster is a really healthy way to go.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. I think that's a great way to end it. We are out of time. If anybody didn't get their questions
answered, please e-mail us. We're happy to chat. We will talk to you all very soon. Take care. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director
Thanks so much.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

