Eversource Energy NYSE:ES
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.06

1.02

(3.77 %)

0.91

3.83

4.10

Revenue  (mm)

2442.28

2461.20

0.77

2255.03

9541.09

9985.85

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-02-2021 2:34 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.85

1.08

0.80

1.06

0.85

1.15

0.79

1.02

0.00 %

6.48 %

(1.25 %)

(3.77 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeffrey R. Kotkin
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

Philip J. Lembo
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

David Keith Arcaro
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Travis Miller
Morningstar Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Eversource Energy Q3 2021 Results Conference Call. My name is Cheryl, and I will be your
operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a
question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded.

And I will now turn the call over to Jeff Kotkin. Sir, you may begin.

Jeffrey R. Kotkin
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Cheryl. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm Jeff Kotkin, Eversource Energy's
Vice President for Investor Relations. During this call, we'll be referencing slides that we posted last night
on our website. And as you can see on Slide 1, some of the statements made during this investor call
may be forward-looking as defined within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on management's
current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainty, which may cause the actual results to differ
materially from forecasts and projections. These factors are set forth in the news release issued yesterday.

Additional information about the various factors that may cause actual results to differ can be found in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and on our Form 10-Q for the
6 months ended June 30, 2021. Additionally, our explanation of how and why we use certain non-GAAP
measures and how those measures reconciled to GAAP results is contained within our news release and
the slides we posted last night and in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q.

Speaking today will be Joe Nolan, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Lembo, our Executive
Vice President and CFO. Also joining us today are John Moreira, our Treasurer and Senior VP for Finance
and Regulatory; and Jay Buth, our VP and Controller.

Now I will turn to Slide 3 and turn over the call to Joe.

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

Thank you, Jeff. We hope that all on the phone are safe and well, and we look forward to seeing many of
you in person next week at the EEI conference. I will cover a few topics this morning and then turn over
the call to Phil to discuss our third quarter financial results and our regulatory activity.

First, I want to discuss last week's Northeast, which impacted approximately 525,000 customers across
our service territory. Our Eastern Massachusetts customers sustained the greatest damage with more
than 450,000 customers impacted. That's over 35% of Eversource's customers in Eastern Massachusetts.
This storm was far less damaging in Connecticut, Western Massachusetts and New Hampshire. So as we
wrapped up the restoration in those areas, we were able to quickly redeploy resources to the Southeastern
Massachusetts, Cape Cod in Martha’s Vineyard, areas that took the brunt of the storm.

Our internal resources were supplemented by hundreds of crews from outside the region, and we were
able to essentially complete the work over this past weekend. This experience underscores the benefits
of a large T&D organization, one where resources can be shifted based on the greatest need. Last year,
it was Connecticut. Last week, it was Massachusetts. Next time it might be in New Hampshire. We have
9,300 dedicated employees, all focused on providing the best possible experience for our customers.

Lessons we learned last year in Connecticut, particularly regarding communication with municipalities
have been vigorously applied this year. Our customers and community leaders have certainly noticed our
enhancements, and we have received many positive comments on our storm response. Customers are
noting that not all the best alignment in New England work for the New England Patriots. When storms
have threatened us and recall that we have had glancing blows from 3 tropical storms this summer in last

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

week's events that I described at the beginning of my comments, I have been at the center of the action
from before the storm hits into the lost of our customers has power restored.

I believe that's critical for us to be out front, visible, transparent and collaborative during these
major events, something that has been difficult to do as we all work in a remote pandemic restricted
environment for the last 18 months.

Next, I want to discuss our Connecticut rate settlement. To start, I want to thank the parties from deep,
the Connecticut attorney general's office, the office of Consumer Counsel and the state's industrial
consumers for billing being willing to sit down and work out a settlement that will yield meaningful and
immediate bill credits to customers and strengthen the Connecticut focus in control at Connecticut Light
and Power.

In News reports, Governor Lamont, Attorney General William Tong and state leaders were quoted as
saying that the settlement provides customers with some well-deserved relief in the short term, greater
local control and oversight and an improved customer experience. We agree. I also want to thank PURA for
approving the settlement agreement last Wednesday. Phil will discuss settlement specifics in a moment,
but we are very grateful to PURA for the opportunity to move forward on a positive note.

Settling critical regulatory and legal disputes was a necessity to reset our relationship with key Connecticut
stakeholders. We all want the state to move ahead on addressing critical energy and climate issues. And
the outstanding disputes have the potential to delay some of this important work.

Since becoming CEO this past spring, my top priority has been to strengthen our relationship Ins'
Connecticut. I've met regularly with key state policymakers as well as business leaders and customers,
underscoring our commitment to the state with the largest number of Eversource employees live and
work. This will continue to be a strong focus for me going forward. Eversource is fully committed to
providing each and every one of our 4.3 million electric, natural gas and water customers across New
England with exceptional service.

With Connecticut temporary rate docket now behind us, we can move on to other important topics, where
progress has been hindered by the drain in time and resources devoted to strong ESA ES and the interim
rate reduction, supporting the build-out of electric vehicle infrastructure, incenting the construction of
customer-owned energy storage, installing AMI. That is the clean energy future, and we will work together
with our customers in policymakers to get there.

Changing topics. I'm going to cover some very positive developments in recent months concerning our
offshore wind partnership with Ørsted. You can see the status of our current projects on Slide 3. Each
has advanced since our last earnings call. To start, our smaller projects, South Fork, has received its
final environmental impact statement, and we expect a record of decision to be posted later this month.
BOEM's project website anticipates a decision on South Fork's construction and operating permit or COP
in January of 2022, and we anticipate construction beginning early next year. We continue to expect
commercial operation of the 12 turbines, 130-megawatt project by the end of 2023. In August, we
announced that Kiewit will commence construction of the project substation this month in Texas, and that
we expect it to be installed in the summer of 2023.

Moving to the 704-megawatt Revolution Wind project that will deliver clean power to Connecticut and
Rhode Island. BOEM continues to anticipate a COP decision in July of 2023, which would support a 2025
in-service date. State siting hearings have commenced. Finally, our largest project, Sunrise Wind, which
will supply 924 megawatts to New York. We are looking for federal agencies to complete their final reviews
in late 2023, a schedule that would support a late 2025 in-service date.

Last week, we announced that Sunrise will be the first offshore wind project in the United States that will
utilize high-voltage direct current technology. HVDC offers advantages over AC technology when used
over long distances. In Sunrise, we'll have an approximately 100-mile submarine transmission cable from
offshore energy production area to the grid connection in Brookhaven, Long island, New York. We continue
to project mid-teens equity returns for these 3 projects.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

The Biden administration continues to show significant support for offshore wind in both words and
actions, targeting 30,000 megawatts of offshore turbines by 2030. We view our partnerships to ocean
tracks off of Massachusetts as the best offshore wind sites on the Atlantic seaboard. Our leases are
in close proximity to both the New England and New York markets. They enjoy strong offshore winds,
particularly in the winter, and they have modest ocean depths. They can hold at least 4,000 megawatts of
offshore wind turbines, far more than the approximately 760 megawatts we currently have under contract.

We continue to exercise strong fiscal discipline in using the remaining offshore acreage that we have
leased from the federal government. We did not bid into Massachusetts September RFP for up to 1,600
megawatts of offshore wind. Current Massachusetts bidding rules discourage imaginative bid packages,
Governor Baker and some Massachusetts policymakers are now recognizing that Massachusetts is not
benefiting from the same level of economic development as states that place greater emphasis on
infrastructure and supply chain development. As such, the governor recently filed legislation that would
eliminate the state's current price cap.

In Rhode Island, we are constructing a service vessel in the state. In Connecticut, we are partnering
with the state on more than $200 million upgrade of the New London State Pier. The Pier will become
the premier site in the entire Northeast for staging offshore wind development. Onshore construction is
underway, which you can see from either I-95 or Amtrak's nearby Boston to New York line.

In New York, I joined members of the Governor Hochul's administration last month and announcing the
largest single offshore wind supply chain contract award in New York to support the Sunrise project.
The local company, Riggs Distler, will construct advanced foundation components at the port on the
Hudson near Albany. It is just the latest commitment we have made to New York, which also includes
basing an offshore wind maintenance hub in Port Jefferson. We have an excellent relationship with
New York policymakers, and that is where most of our currently contracted offshore wind capacity is
headed. We look forward to bidding into future RFPs, with our strong mix of sites, skill sets, discipline
bidding strategies and offsets vast offshore wind experience will make us a formidable contender in any
competition that takes a broad look at the benefits of shore winds.

Now I will turn the call over to Phil.

Philip J. Lembo
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Joe. This morning I'll cover a few topics on third quatre results details about the Connecticut
sell in, an update on grid monetization, electric vehicle initiatives and to look at natural gas outlook for the
coming winter.

I'll start with our results for the quarter Slide 4. Our GAAP earnings were $0.82 per share for the quarter,
including the $0.19 charge associated with the Connecticut electric rate settlement and the $0.01
charge relating to our integration of Eversource gas of Massachusetts. Overall, we experienced improved
operating results at the electric transmission and distribution segments and lower results at the natural
gas and water segments as well as the parents and other.

Our electric transmission business earned $0.40 per share in the third quarter of 2021 compared with
earnings of $0.36 in the third quarter of last year, reflecting a higher level of necessary investment in our
transmission facilities. Our electric distribution business, excluding charges related to the Connecticut rate
settlement, earned $0.62 per share in the third quarter of 2021 compared with earnings of $0.60 in the
third quarter of 2020.

Higher distribution revenues were partially offset by higher O&M, depreciation, interest and property
taxes. Storm-related expenses remain a headwind for us, costing us $0.01 a share in the third quarter of
2021 compared to the same period in 2020 and a total of $0.05 a share more in 2021 than last year on a
year-to-date basis.

Our natural gas distribution business lost $0.06 per share in the third quarter of 2021 compared with
a loss of $0.04 in the third quarter of 2020. Given the seasonal nature of customer usage, natural gas
utilities tend to record losses over the summer months, our natural gas segment now -- our natural gas

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

segment loss is now about 50% larger as a result of the acquisition of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts
assets back in last October. And as you recall, we now refer to that franchises as Eversource Gas of
Massachusetts. So Eversource Gas of Massachusetts lost about $0.03 per share in the quarter. It had no
comparable amount in the third quarter of 2020.

I think it's important to point out here that given this is the first full year for our Eversource Gas of
Massachusetts or EGMA franchise, modeling its quarterly earnings contribution has varied widely across
street estimates, at least the ones that I've seen.

Just to some investors underestimated the $0.14 per share positive contribution from EGMA in the first
quarter. I believe there may have been some underestimate of EGMA losses in the third quarter. As I said,
EGMA lost $0.03 in the quarter, and it was not part of the Eversource family in the third quarter of 2020.
I'd say going forward with a year's track record behind us, I'm sure that the estimates will better reflect
the earnings pattern we have for that franchise going forward.

Our water distribution business, Aquarion, earned $0.05 per share in the third quarter of 2021 compared
with earnings of $0.07 in the third quarter of 2020. The lower results were due primarily to the absence
of the Hingham, Massachusetts water system that we sold at the end of July of 2020. The $17.5 million
that we earned at our water segment in the third quarter of 2021 is more on -- a more normalized level
for that segment.

Our parent and other earned $0.01 per share in the third quarter of 2021 compared with earnings of
$0.03 in the third quarter of 2020. Lower earnings were primarily due to a higher effective tax rate. Our
consolidated rate was 24.8% in the third quarter of 2021 compared with 23.7% in the third quarter of
2020.

Turning to Slide 5. You can see that we have reiterated the $3.81 to $3.93 EPS guidance that we issued in
February. That range excludes the $0.25 per share of charges related to our Connecticut settlement and
storm-related bill credits that we recognized in the first quarter of this year as well as the transition costs
related to the integration of the former Columbia Gas of Massachusetts assets into the Eversource system.

Also, we project long-term EPS growth in the upper half of the range of 5% to 7% through 2025.
Excluding the impact of the positive impact that we expect from our offshore wind projects. That growth
is largely driven by our $17 billion 5-year capital program and continued strong operational effectiveness
throughout the business. For reference, our 5-year capital forecast is shown in the appendix. And through
September 30, our capital expenditures totaled $2.3 billion.

From the financial results, I'll turn to our recently approved Connecticut settlement on Slide #6. Earlier,
Joe provided you with an overview. I'll just add a few additional details. The settlement calls for $65
million in rate credits to CL&P customers over the course of December of 2021 in January of 2022. And
that's about -- in total, $35 per customer over the 2 months for the typical residential customer. It
provides another $10 million of shareholder pay benefits to customers who are most in need of help with
their energy bills. Further, as part of the settlement, we will withdraw our superior court appeal of the
$28.4 million total storm-related credits that customers first saw in their bills in September of '21. So
these customers will continue. They'll continue to flow back to customers through August of next year.

As prior of the settlement, the 90 basis point indefinite reduction of CL&P's distribution ROE will not be
implemented. Additionally, the current 9.25% ROE and capital structure will remain in effect. This will
avoid an appeal of the interim rate reduction and will withdraw the pending appeal of the 90 basis point
reduction.

CL&P cannot implement new base distribution rates before January 1, 2024. Priorities to the settlement
agreed that this review satisfies the statutory requirement in Connecticut that all-electric and natural
gas distribution company rates be reviewed once every 4 years. That's to determine whether they're just
unreasonable. So as a result, the next statutory mandated review would be in late 2025. Since CL&P's last
distribution rate case was effective in May of '18, the actual -- the company's actual ROEs have generally
ranged between 8.6% and 9%, with the latest reported quarter at 8.6%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

There are some tracking mechanisms that will allow us to recover costs associated with certain new
investments over the coming years, such as those to improve reliability or implement grid modernization
initiatives, but we will not be able to obtain any additional revenues to offset higher wages, employee
benefits costs, property taxes and other inflationary items. We'll continue to provide superior service to
our nearly 1.3 million CL&P customers will also be effectively managing our operations.

It will certainly be a challenge, but one, I know that our entire CL&P and Eversource team is up to
meeting. From the Connecticut settlement, I'll turn to our various grid mod, AMI, electric vehicle initiatives
in Connecticut and Massachusetts. So first, I'll turn to Slide 7 and cover the Connecticut programs.

On October 15, CL&P filed a final electric vehicle program designed documents for PURA review and
approval, including a proposed budget and program implementation plan for residential managed
charging. PURA will conduct a review process with a final decision targeted for December the 8. The
program is planned to launch January 1 of 2022, and will support the state's target of having at least
125,000 electric vehicles on the road by the end of 2025.

In terms of AMI, in Connecticut, CL&P is preparing to file an updated proposal based on a straw proposal
from Pier to have all our customers on AMI by the end of 2025.

To date, we'll need to replace more than 800,000 meters over the next -- to do that, we'll have to replace
over 800,000 meters over the next several years. Altogether, moving CL&P fully to AMI would involve a
capital investment of nearly $500 million we estimate in meters and communication related technologies.

In Massachusetts on Slide 8, as we mentioned on our July earnings call. We've submitted nearly $200
million grid modernization plan to regulators for the 2022 through 2025 period. The vast majority of that
investment would be capital. We expect a ruling on the entire program by the second quarter of 2022.

Our Massachusetts AMI program is now being evaluated by the Massachusetts Department of Public
Utilities, with a decision expected in 2022. It would involve about $575 million of capital investments over
multi-years from 2022 through 2027. And like Connecticut, would provide significant customer service,
reliability, energy efficiency, grid modernization and demand management improvements.

Also in Massachusetts, the DPU is evaluating an extension of our electric vehicle program. The extension
would provide investments of nearly $200 million over the next 4 years, with about $68 million being
capital investments. We currently expect a decision on this by mid-2022.

Turning to Slide 9. We've been receiving regular questions over the past couple of months about the
impact of higher natural gas prices on this winter's electric and natural gas supplies and prices. So I'll
first start with supplies. First, what do we have to supply? Our 3 natural gas distribution companies are
required to have access to enough natural gas to be able to serve our firm customers on the coldest day in
the last 30-year period. So we accomplished that through a combination of firm capacity contracts across
multiple interstate pipeline systems and through storage, both inside and outside of our service territory.

Our regulators in Connecticut and Massachusetts have had the foresight to allow us to maintain significant
in region LNG storage in Waterbury, Connecticut. And Hopkinton and Acushnet, Massachusetts as well as
various facilities that we purchased as part of the Columbia gas of Massachusetts transaction.

Although, these facilities provide us with -- altogether, these facilities provide us with storage connected
to our distribution system of nearly 6.5 billion cubic feet. Our regulators have also permitted us to acquire
additional firm delivery capacity that was added to the Algonquin system in recent years through the AIM
and Atlantic Bridge expansion projects. We've also acquired additional firm capacity on the Tennessee and
Portland pipelines. So from a reliability standpoint and supplies, we consider ourselves very well prepared
for the winter.

In terms of price, our natural gas sources include a combination of stored gas, where the price has been
fixed and pipeline gas from Marcellus Shale basin that is price based off of NYMEX related indices. Because
our firm pipeline capacity, we are able to purchase at the Marcellus related price, not at the New England
Citygate price. You can see on the slide that we have in our deck, that there's significant difference in
pricing between the 2.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Nonetheless, even the Marcellus price is higher this year. And as of now, we expect the commodity portion
of natural gas bills to be approximately 20% higher than last winter's extremely low levels due to COVID,
prices were pretty low last year and well below levels we experienced a decade ago after Hurricane Katrina
struck the Gulf of Mexico and Louisiana.

Overall, including the distribution charge, we expect natural gas heating bills will be up about 15% on
average. That's about $30 a month to the average for a typical heating customer compared to last winter.
And that's an average across our 3 natural gas distribution companies. While a 15% increase is significant
it is far less than the -- more than 30% increase that propane heating customers are facing and really a
60% increase that's out there for home heating oil as the alternatives for customers.

Of course, a primary determinant of the total bill is usage, right? The autumn has been quite mild here in
New England, thus far, and natural gas usage has been particularly low. Nonetheless, a bitly cold month of
December or January could cause natural gas cost to increase. Recognizing the stress that this situation
could place on customers. We've been proactive. We've suggested to our regulators that we spread out
the recovery of certain charges in our distribution portion of our bill to moderate the potential bill impacts
where possible. We're also taking additional proactive steps and working closely with regulators so that
customers understand the current price environment and take actions to address it. We're intensifying
our communications to be sure customers understand the bigger picture macro factors affecting natural
gas bills. And we are urging customers to take advantage of our nationally recognized energy efficiency
programs and leverage payment options that we have available.

So on the electric side, it's a bit different. Natural gas power plants are on the margin in New England
year-round, really, except for the coldest days of the year. So rising natural gas prices are significantly
affecting power prices. Between 60% and 65% of our electric load is bought by customers directly from
third-party suppliers. For the 35% to 40% of our load that continues to buy through our franchises,
Connecticut Light & Power, NSTAR Electric and Public Service in New Hampshire, this is mostly residential
load and customers will see higher prices, but they are partially protected by the fact that we contract for
power in multiple tranches throughout the year. So lower cost tranches from our purchases earlier in 2022
will offset some of the higher priced tranches that we purchased more recently.

Due to wintertime natural gas constraints in New England, our customers normally see $0.015 to $0.02
per kilowatt hour increase in their retail electric prices in January, an increase that usually reverses as we
move into the summer. This January customers in Massachusetts and Connecticut elected to experience
an additional $0.02 to $0.03 increase due to higher gas prices driving power production. This would be an
additional $20, $25 per month for a typical residential customer compared with last winter.

Our New Hampshire customers, the rates remain in effect until February, so there's really no impact at this
stage for our New Hampshire customers. While the vast majority of our residential customers do not use
electricity for space heating, we recognize that any increase in energy bills add stress to the household
budget. And we've redoubled our efforts again to urge customers to take advantage of the more than
$500 million that we have available on energy efficiency initiatives that we provide customers throughout
our states each year.

I should note that similar to natural gas prices, wholesale electric prices were extremely low in 2020. In
fact, they were at a 10-year low. So the percentage increase is -- that we're reporting here comes off
some very low base numbers from last year. As a reminder, increases and/or decreases in the energy
component of our electric bills, our pass-throughs dollar-for-dollar pass-throughs, we earn nothing on
providing the procurement service for customers.

So thank you very much for joining us this morning. I'll turn the call back over to Jeff for Q&A.

Jeffrey R. Kotkin
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Phil. And I'm going to return the call to Cheryl, just to remind you how to enter your
questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Jeffrey R. Kotkin
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Cheryl. Our first question this morning is from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Thanks for the update there. You covered a lot of ground. Maybe just starting off with Connecticut a little
bit more here. But just wondering, if you could provide a little bit more color on how you think about --
how you're planning to manage the rate freeze in Connecticut? And how we should be thinking about go
forward and earn ROE? And when you think you might end up filing the next case there?

Philip J. Lembo
Executive VP & CFO

Well, Jeremy, thank you for the question. As I mentioned, it's Connecticut Light & Power and NSTAR
Electric, Public Service in New Hampshire, the Eversource family has a strong track record for managing
operations in an effective manner, and we'll continue to do that throughout all of our franchises,
Connecticut included. So as I mentioned, the last reported quarterly ROE in Connecticut was just under
8.7%. I think it was 8.1% or 8.6%.

So even though we're allowed a 9.25% ROE, we've been sort of operating underneath that measure since
the settlement in 2018. So I would expect that we'll continue to operate that franchise effectively. I can't
really predict at this moment what an ROE might look like there, but I can assure you that we're going to
do everything possible to first provide customers with the outstanding service that they deserve, and we
fully expect to deliver and do that in an efficient and effective way.

In terms of when we file our next rate case, the ink is just dry on the settlement, and we can't go in,
there's nothing that we can implement before 2024. And as I said, with the 4-year sort of legislative
requirement, we wouldn't mandate it to be in there until 2025. So we haven't really thought about that at
this point. We're thinking about how we operate our franchises and effective manner for customers.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. And maybe pivoting over towards offshore here. Now that we have schedules across all 3 new
projects, when do you think it might be an appropriate to give increased disclosures here on the project
economics. And specifically, how do you think about, I guess, the roll forward guidance here for long-term
EPS growth given the offshore wind is going to be hitting kind of earnings growth run rates going forward?

Philip J. Lembo
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, it's a great question and one that we've been asked, and we've been thinking about -- what our
expectation is, we generally would update our long-range plans in February with our year-end results,
and then we'll talk about sort of our forecast. So we plan to do that again this year. We'll roll forward our
forecast like we've done in the past, drop a year at a year out to 2026.

And as you point out, given the schedule of the projects, we're going to see significant contribution from
the bigger projects in that time frame. So the expectation is that as we roll out that next forecast in
February, there would be more clarity, more transparency, more information on that segment. So that
they'll be able to either model it in a way that you want, in a way that makes sense. So I'd say that we're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

getting close to that, and the expectation is in our February update will roll the wind in a more, I guess,
discrete -- in a more definitive way.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. Just real last quick one, if I could. It looks like Eversource didn't participate in the
most recent Massachusetts RFP process. And would you be able to talk about, I guess, next opportunities
do you see to add incremental projects and just any high-level thoughts on the broader industry returns at
this point?

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. It's Joe. I'll take that. Massachusetts is unique in that they are looking for the lowest
price. They're not looking for economic development opportunities like some of the other states. That is
now changing. The governor is very, very interested in economic development and opportunities in this
business. When you look at states like New York that are kind of dedicated to, I was in upstate New York
for a pretty big announcement around foundations, which -- it's nice to bring some of the supply chain
here to America. And that was a big, big step, I think, for offshore wind opportunities we're seeing for
offshore wind RFPs and in 2022, looking at New York, potential in Connecticut as well as in Rhode Island
and Massachusetts.

So I think there's opportunities everywhere. I think the first one you'll see will be New York. They are very,
very aggressive with their targets, and that's a place that we know will put out another big RFP.

Jeffrey R. Kotkin
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Jeremy. Next question is from Steven Fleishman from Wolfe.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

So just in terms of supply chain issues and the like, could you just talk to how you're feeling about the
current schedules for your 3 main projects and managing right now?

Philip J. Lembo
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Steve, this is Phil. We talked about -- this has certainly been a topic that people have been interested
in as well as the project and the company. So we feel like we're in a very good position in terms of
our contracts -- contracting for what substations or turbines or foundations, what we have in place
for strategy, for vessels, et cetera. So our supply chain exposure, I'd say there is some supply chain
exposure, but we've done a very good job in solidifying most of that sort of not make it an issue for us. So
as I've talked about before, there are puts and takes for all these projects. So some costs maybe move in
one direction and other things are moving in a different direction.

So taking all that, if there are price changes or if there are schedule impacts, all of that allows us to be
confident in the schedules that we've put out to date and in our estimate and our expectations that these
projects will earn in the mid-teens in terms of ROE. So there are a number of factors that come at you
every day on these projects, and we still feel good about the schedules and the return estimates.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Because I know the Empire Wind project, which I think was awarded at the same time, as Sunrise
is now saying late 26, but obviously, different people, different situations. So and then I think they've had
some issues with like the New York ISO interconnect agreement. So it sounds like you're not seeing that
kind of delay.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

No, Steve, this is Joe. We are not, I mean, they did announce a delay. We do not expect any similar delays
on our projects. We have good visibility on it. We feel very confident.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Great. And then maybe just high level, the Biden Infra Plan, The Reconciliation 1. Could you talk to if
there's anything broadly in there that would impact the way you're looking at your plan in terms of just
new credits, cash flows? Anything that you're most focused on?

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. Obviously, we would like to take advantage of tax credits to help our customers in any way we can as
well as our improve our projects, but that's really what our focus would be on that on the Biden plan.

Jeffrey R. Kotkin
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Great. All right. Thanks, Steve. Next question is from Julien from Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

I appreciate the opportunity to connect. So let me start with a higher level question for you guys.
Obviously, looking at the outcome of the election in Maine here, how are you thinking about the
Massachusetts renewable procurement at large? I know it's very fresh here, but any prospects for
revisiting perhaps some of the legacy projects that we've all talked about for a long time? And/or, frankly,
revisiting alternatives to long distance transmission given the pushback in New Hampshire and Maine,
historically, here? And maybe the same -- so the same might apply to gas and Access Northeast while
we're at it as well?

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. Julien, thanks for the question. If the question is, are we going to dust off Northern Pass, the
answer is no. We will not dust that off. Is there an opportunity for projects? I think there's definitely
an opportunity in Massachusetts around wind. I think the governor's appetite for additional renewable
projects, his desire to change the legislation, which requires it to be lower than the previous RFP is
definitely on the table. We've had discussions not only with the government but with key legislative
leaders around this. And I think that if they see challenges up there, I would not be surprised if we see
some bids out there -- RFPs out there in the near term.

In terms of what our future holds for other types of opportunities in this space. I think it's premature. I
mean, I don't think they're finished counting the votes in Maine, but we'll certainly take a good hard look
at that and see what opportunities might be available.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. All right. Fair enough. And it sounds like Access Northeast not necessarily in the same vein on the
table. But if I can pivot then a little bit more locally, right, talking to Massachusetts situated opportunities.
I mean how are you thinking about enabling distributed resources themselves. There's been some
interesting filings in various dockets here that seem to suggest some pretty meaningful opportunities for
you all vis-a-vis just simply interconnection, whether that's on the distribution or transmission side. And
I'm also cognizant that you update your outlook with fourth quarter here, but any initial thoughts there
around distributed assets that are enabling them?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

I'll just tell you that our interests on this issue around the smart grid in allowing folks to interconnect
in AMI. All of those are shared agendas with our key regulators, policymakers in Connecticut and
Massachusetts, particularly. And I think we talked about Connecticut, what happened down there on our
settlement. I think this really starts the opportunity for us to really begin to look at AMI and the smart grid
and opportunities for unlocking access or greater access to kind of renewables and distributed generation
for our folks that are -- eager to interconnect. So I do think -- I think it's -- I think you'll see a lot of
activity in 2022. I'll let Phil kind of talk a little bit around the financial piece of it.

Philip J. Lembo
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Julien, as you suggest, we do update in February as we've all discussed. And I think what -- in
the area that we're looking at, we refresh all of our plans, all of our investment activity. So in the area of
transmission, certain categories, I'd say broadly that we would expect to take another look at and identify
opportunities that may exist, just or maybe in 3 different categories, one being just the end-of-life sort of
asset replacement kinds of projects. What do we have out there? What do we have in expectation-wise?
Certainly, electrification is a category. The states have targets. We have to meet -- we have to enable
those targets to be met. So there could be additional transmission in that category.

And the third category and one that you highlight is sort of connecting distributed energy resources to the
grid upgrades that are required to connect, either currently contracted offshore wind or future offshore
wind into the service territory. There's a large desire for offshore wind across New England, New York
and making sure that we have the connectability or interconnections and the transmission to not be a
bottleneck for that, there's likely to be some increased investment needed on the system. So I'd say those
are the types of things that I think you'll see when we roll out our update in February in those categories?

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. All right. Well, we shall wait for what those numbers amount to. But I wish you the best of luck.
Talk to you soon.

Jeffrey R. Kotkin
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Julien. Thank you. Next question is from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley.

David Keith Arcaro
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was wondering, if you could just give an update on the equity needs? Apologies if I missed it in the
prepared remarks, but just latest thinking on the amount and timing of equity here?

Philip J. Lembo
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, David, this is Phil. There's been no change in what our equity needs are going forward at this stage.
So that would mean that from what we had announced previously a few years ago, this $700 million of
equity that we would plan to issue on some sort of ATM or at-the-market type of program. That goes
throughout our current forecast or our current forecast goes through 2025. So there's no specific timing of
that at this point. And we continue to issue original issue shares from our dividend, reinvestment, equity,
comp type of things, and that's $100 million a year. So there's been no change, and that's where we are,
no increase or change in those needs.

David Keith Arcaro
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Okay. Got it. Understood. And then I had a question on the turbine installation vessel that you're
contracting with Dominion. Just wondering, if you could talk a little bit about the amount of time there
is between using that vessel for your projects, Sunrise and Revolution, and then moving to Dominion in
2026? Just if there's any risk that you would lose access to the vessel in the case of any project delays or
how you're thinking about that?

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. So thank you, I'll take that. That vessel, it's first port of call is going to be New London. We have an
opportunity to use that vessel that would -- for our both project Sunrise as well as Revolution Wind. It
will not be ready for South Fork. There's enough of a cushion in that it will allow for us to complete those
projects. In addition, there's a day-for-day delay opportunity. So if the vessel is delayed coming into New
London, we are the first customer that would be pushed out on the other end. So we do not anticipate any
issues around the use of that state-of-the-art vessel.

I mean that is an extraordinary vessel. It carries 6 wind turbine assemblies. New London is only 70 miles
from our leased area. So we think it's the most efficient way to install our wind turbines, and we're really
excited about that. I had an opportunity to spend a little bit of time with the Dominion folks and the vessel
is on track, and some of our folks will head down and check on the progress, but that it's going to be quite
a piece of equipment.

Jeffrey R. Kotkin
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, David. Our next question is from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc.

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So I guess going back to Connecticut, I'm just kind of curious -- I appreciate the overall CapEx forecast is
unchanged, but kind of shifting the timing of some projects maybe between states, one of the levers you
can pull here to manage your earn that early in the next two years there? Or what are some of the levers
you can pull to offset inflationary pressures and just overall normal cost of investment there?

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

So Sophie, I think as I've said in the past and we've commented, our investments in our operations are
geared to meeting our customer expectations. So investments that we make in our system are driven by
what our customer needs are, how do we reinforce the system, how do we provide -- we might be able to
make a capital investment that offsets some O&M costs. So that's also good for customers. So our focus
on our investment needs, whether they be transmission, distribution, gas, electric, water are on first and
foremost, what does it do for customers. So we wouldn't be looking at moving around investments into
other areas for other reasons other than how it meets customer needs.

These levers, as I said, we -- I put our track record up against to anybody's in the industry in terms of
managing our operations in an efficient and effective manner? How we integrate EGMA into our family is
going to provide some uplift? We have opportunities there. And how we roll out programs in an effective
manner? So I'd say that we are focused on managing our operations to meet the customer needs. I mean
that will be sort of the lever that we have to get to where we want to get to in terms of our earnings
profile.

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Got it. Good. And just what are you seeing, like, right now, I guess, aside from the energy costs, just
overall like materials, labor type of inflationary pressures within new regulated franchises? Is that
something that is becoming material and it requires, I guess, so an efforts to offset? Or are you seeing
that within the maybe a pretty decent trajectory? How should we think about that right now?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

I'd say it's had an impact, but I wouldn't say it's been significant. We've -- a year ago, the supply chain
team who is in sort of the financial organization works very closely with our engineers and our operating
folks. And at the start of this pandemic, I think a lot of companies like to have a just-in-time sort of
delivery model. We made a conscious decision over a year ago to not do that to have -- to actually build
up our inventories: poles, transformers, wire, cable, all those types of things. And if it's not in our facility,
we have provisions with our suppliers to keep it on their property.

And we're using a lot of it. I mean, we have had -- Joe talked about storm right at the beginning. We go
through a lot of poles and wire, et cetera, when there's a storm and that's not been a factor for us. We've
had the supplies available to us. Now having said that, we certainly have our eyes on it. There are types
of equipment that are getting more difficult, and it may not be the whole piece of equipment. It could just
be the plastic component or something as we can't get. And so we've also expanded the types of suppliers
we have and where the suppliers are located and that type of thing. So it has had an impact. I'd be fooling
myself or anybody to say we haven't had some delays in some products, but they haven't been a material
significant impact to us.

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Got it. And if I may squeeze one more on the gas supply situation. I'm just kind of curious if you could
quantify for us between the storage, physical storage and capacity contracts, what percentage of your
normal demand, I guess, is hedged at this point in time. And given the situation, have you given any
thought to maybe bring into your regulators proposals to build more storage facilities on your system?

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes, I'd say about 1/3 of it. If you look at what we have in storage and what's fixed, I'd say it's about 1/3
of that supply. And as I mentioned, the remaining part of the supply, we have the capability. We have the
pipeline contracts to obtain it, and we have the capability of obtaining it from a lower-priced region than
a Citygate pricing. So in terms of incremental storage, we do have programs that we do have in place to
refurbish some of our LNG facilities or make sure that they're operating at the maximum capacity. But
we haven't looked to expand those facilities. We naturally expanded them just by the acquisition or the
purchase of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts almost doubling the storage capacity that we have as an
entity.

And as Joe mentioned, size matters in this case, too. I mean, it matters in terms of storm response,
but it matters in this case, too, because we can operate the by moving those 2 companies together
between NSTAR Gas in Massachusetts and Eversource Gas of mass. We can use contracts better than
each company could have used them individually, and we can use our storage better than either company
could. So this is the natural benefits for us. So that was a point that we made in terms of getting the deal
approved at the DPU. So I guess that is a way of saying we've increased the ability to have storage, but
we're not looking to build anything extra at this point.

Jeffrey R. Kotkin
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Sophie. Next question is from Travis Miller from Morningstar.

Travis Miller
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

On the offshore transmission, it sounds like you have a lot of the pieces in place for the South Fork
project, I urge you correctly. What's the status of the transmission side of the other projects that you have
building?

Joseph R. Nolan

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

President, CEO & Trustee

Can you -- I'm not sure we understand the question, Travis, you say the status of the transmission side.

Travis Miller
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Transmission -- the connections, interconnections between the offshore projects and lands essentially?

Joseph R. Nolan
President, CEO & Trustee

Sure. Thanks, Travis. I'll take that. Yes, all of those projects, all the permitting and the citing and
applications are all in motion. We haven't had any bumps in the road and we're -- they're all on track. So
everything has a line of sight. It is in motion.

Travis Miller
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Okay. Okay. Great. And then in Connecticut, you talked about the trackers there. About what percent of
the CapEx that you have over the next couple of years is subject to those trackers that you talked about?

Philip J. Lembo
Executive VP & CFO

It's about half. It's about half of our spend.

Jeffrey R. Kotkin
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Travis. And that was the last question we have this morning. So we want to thank you all for
joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Conference next week. And if you have
any follow-up questions, please either call or e-mail. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EVERSOURCE ENERGY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

