Exelon Corporation NasdaqGS:EXC
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 04, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.67

0.89

Revenue  (mm)

6828.31

7915.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2021 1:55 PM GMT

32.84

15.91

1.08

2.73

3.07

9201.53

31401.27

31314.83

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.87

0.70

0.07

0.67

1.04

0.76

(0.06)

0.89

19.54 %

8.57 %

NM

32.84 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bryan Craig Hanson
Executive VP & Chief Generation
Officer

Calvin G. Butler
Senior Executive VP & CEO of
Exelon Utilities

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Daniel L. Eggers
Senior Vice President of Corporate
Finance

James McHugh
Executive VP & CEO of Costellation

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Kathleen L. Barron
Executive Vice President of
Government & Regulatory Affairs &
Public Policy

ANALYSTS

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to Exelon's Second Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Danny, and I will be your event
specialist today. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's webcast is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to turn today's program over to Dan Eggers, Senior Vice President of Corporate
Finance. The floor is yours.

Daniel L. Eggers
Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance

Thank you, Danny. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2021 earnings
conference call. Leading the call today are Chris Crane, Exelon's President and Chief Executive Officer;
and Joe Nigro, Exelon's Chief Financial Officer. They're joined by other members of Exelon's senior
management team, who will be available to answer your questions following our prepared remarks. We
issued our earnings release this morning along with the presentation, all of which can be found in the
Investor Relations section of Exelon's website.

The earnings release and other matters which we discuss during today's call contain forward-looking
statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ
from our forward-looking statements based on factors and assumptions discussed in today's material and
comments made during this call. Please refer to today's 8-K and Exelon's other SEC filings for discussions
of risk factors and other factors, including uncertainties surrounding the planned separation that may
cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations.

Today's presentation also includes references to adjusted operating earnings and other non-GAAP
measures. Please refer to the information contained in the appendix of our presentation and our earnings
release for reconciliations between the non-GAAP measures and the nearest equivalent GAAP measures.

I'll now turn the call over to Chris Crane, Exelon's CEO.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us this morning. We had a good
quarter financially and operationally. We made progress on our regulatory and policy objectives as we had
stated our desires last quarter. We earned $0.41 per share on a GAAP basis and $0.89 per share on a non-
GAAP basis, and Joe will go through those details when we get to his part of the presentation.

As you know, we've been working with our regulators and our policymakers across our 6 jurisdictions on
regulatory mechanisms that would allow us to prudently invest in critical infrastructure to the benefit of
our consumers while earning an appropriate return on that used capital. As part of those efforts, the D.C.,
Maryland PSCs, approved multiyear plans for Pepco. The New Jersey BPU approved ACE's electric rate
settlement, and we received an order in the PECO gas rate case. It's the first in 10 years.

PJM held a first capacity auction in 3 years. Results were disappointing, but were slightly better than we
had anticipated or expected. Commerce and the administration continue to work on the infrastructure
package, and there is momentum building to preserve the existing nuclear fleet to meet the country's
energy and climate goals.

The president's budget includes support for existing nuclear plants, and Senator Cardin and
Representative Pascrell introduced legislation to provide $15 per megawatt hour production tax credit to
existing nuclear power plants. This legislation would help ensure that the existing nuclear fleet, which
provides more than 50% of the nation's carbon-free power remains in operations and available to meet
the country's energy needs while preserving and achieving climate goals.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

This progress is encouraging. If the PTC is included in the legislation that passes later this year, it will
make an enormous difference for climate and for our nuclear plants. Unfortunately, though, that will
be too late for the buyer interest in nuclear facilities, which brings me to Illinois. After many months of
very tough negotiations, we were able to reach agreement with the governor and his administration that
would provide support to the buyer interest in Braidwood facilities, allowing them continued operation and
LaSalle would also be preserved.

Unfortunately, the state leaders and other stakeholders are at an impasse at this point on provisions
related to the nuclear regulation -- or excuse me, the nuclear issues in the legislation. There's been no
progress towards enacting the legislation since the session ended and the retirement dates for the plants
are now only weeks away. We don't want to close these plants, but we cannot make decisions based off of
hope of legislation being passed in the future. We've been doing that since 2016, while significant losses
have been incurred.

We must act on the economic facts as they exist today, where no legislation has been passed by the
general assembly or signed into law by the governor. Absent legislation, closing the plants is the right
economic decision, but not an easy one. The talent, the dedicated employees that work at these plants,
our colleagues and our friends that these -- their jobs support their families and their communities.
Premature retirement of these plants is also a loss for the citizens of Illinois.

The 4 plants at Byron, Dresden, Braidwood and LaSalle, which are 8 reactors, provide 28,000 direct and
indirect jobs, $3.5 billion annually to the Illinois economy. $150 million in Illinois taxes that support the
schools, public safety and other critical services in the communities that they reside in. 2/3 of Illinois
carbon-free electricity is greatly at risk with these shutdowns. Once Byron and Dresden retire, it will take
many years under the proposed legislation to add enough renewable energy -- intermittent renewable
energy to get back to where Illinois is in terms of clean energy production. In the meantime, more than
100 million metric tons of additional carbon will be admitted over the next decade as a result.

I remain hopeful that the outstanding differences can be resolved and the bill will be passed very soon
that would allow the clients to continue to deliver the carbon-free power to the grid, but time is really
running out on that becoming achievable.

Moving to operations on Slide 6. Reliability performance remained strong despite the frequent storms
and the heat across our service territories. All utilities achieved first quartile operating performance in
outage duration and frequency, as you can see by the charts. ComEd delivered top decile performance in
outage duration and frequency while BGE and PHI were top decile for outage duration. Customer operation
metrics remain strong across the utilities. BGE, ComEd and PECO achieved top decile performance in the
customer satisfaction indices.

On the Generation front, our generation fleet performed well during the quarter. Our nuclear plants
provided 36.6 terawatt hours of 0 carbon generation to the grid, avoiding approximately 20 million metric
tons of carbon dioxide. The fleet had a capacity factor of 93.7% for the quarter. Our fossil and renewable
fleet operated above plan with power dispatch match at 99.5% and wind and solar energy capture at
96%. Our Texas plants are running as expected, helping to meet the summer loads.

Turning to the separation on Slide 7. We're making progress against our execution plan and remain on
track for a first quarter close. The team is working on the organizational and cost structures of each
company that will set each business up for long-term success. On the regulatory front, we received
comments in each of the dockets for approval and the process is moving forward as expected. We remain
on track to get the necessary approvals. We will continue to update you on the work as it progresses.

Turning to Slide 8. We all are very excited at Exelon to announce that Exelon Utilities have set a goal
to reduce their operations-driven emission by 50% by 2030 and reaching net zero by 2050. Since our
founding, Exelon has been dedicated to being part of the solution for climate crisis and a leader in
providing clean energy to the grid.

We were one of the first companies in our industry to commit to reducing greenhouse gas emissions, even
though our emissions were already 10x lower than our peers. We have met or exceeded our previous --

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

3 previous goals, and Exelon Utilities' new goal builds upon our long-standing commitment to reduce our
greenhouse gas emissions.

We'll meet these goals through continued modernization of our gas systems, electrifying our light-duty
fleet and exploring electricity and other zero carbon alternatives for medium- and heavy-duty fleet. A
focus on energy efficiency and clean electricity for our operations is clearly part of the plan. Investing
in equipment and processes to reduce our SF6 insulating gas from our large breakers from our system,
exploring and piloting low-carbon fuels in new grid technologies and advocating for affordable grid
decarbonization.

In addition, we remain focused on how we can help our customers and communities decarbonize in an
equitable way. The utilities will continue to invest in the EV infrastructure across our service territories and
join the Electric Highway Coalition, which will create a seamless network of charging stations on highway
systems covering most of the country.

We will invest in robust energy efficiency programs at each of our utilities. This is a continuing endeavor
which will enable customers to have lower emissions profile, use less energy and save money. In 2020
alone, these programs avoided 8.1 million metric tons of carbon emissions. Advocates for policy that will
put our state -- we will continue to advocating for policies that will put our states and our communities
on a path to a clean energy future while ensuring equitable transitions that benefit everyone in our
communities.

Before I turn it over to Joe on Slide 9, I want to highlight the work we are doing to help transform our
communities through our workforce development programs, which you can see on -- narrated on the slide.
Diversity, equality and inclusion is a core value at Exelon, and we are growing a diverse and inclusive,
high-performing workforce. We operate in some of the most diversed cities in the country, and we have
a responsibility to help address the inequities in our communities. We have more than 100 workforce
development programs, spanning from middle schools, high schools and throughout colleges as well as
programs for work-ready underemployed adults. These programs have already reached more than 22,000
participants.

We recently launched the STEM Leadership Academy scholarships that are open to graduates of the
program, ensures that the graduates are debt-free and guaranteed internships with Exelon throughout
their college half. I recently awarded scholarships to 7 young women and see their faces on how life-
changing this was for them and their families. It was quite emotional not only for the young women, but
for myself and the rest of the leadership here at Exelon. We are committed to supporting our communities
by investing in education, job training programs and giving the underserved populations opportunities to
grow and succeed.

I'll turn it over to Joe now to take our financial update.

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will cover our second quarter results, our
quarterly financial updates and our hedge disclosures.

First, turning to Slide 10. We earned $0.89 per share on a non-GAAP basis for the quarter. This favorability
was driven by O&M and tax timing as well as some realized and unrealized gains we have forecasted for
later this year. Exelon Utilities delivered a combined $0.49 per share net of holding company expenses.
This was primarily driven by strong operational performance and the impacts of distribution rate cases.

ExGen earned $0.40 per share in the second quarter, and we've begun to make progress on levers we
identified to mitigate the Texas laws, but as we've said before, we expect it will take a full year to realize
all the savings. Additionally, unrealized and realized gains from the Constellation Technology Ventures
portfolio, and realized gains from our nuclear decommissioning trust funds contributed to the favorable
course.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

At Holdco, we benefited from expected income tax favorability in the second quarter. As a reminder,
Holdco incurred $0.12 per share drag in the first quarter associated with how consolidated full year tax
expenses are booked due to the impact of losses incurred at ExGen in Texas during Q1. The remainder of
the first quarter hit will reverse over the course of the year and not impact our full year results.

There's still a lot of work to be done this year, but we are confident we will deliver earnings within our
guidance range of $2.60 to $3 per share, and you can see the details on Slide 17 in the appendix.

On Slide 11, we show our quarter-over-quarter earnings walk. The $0.89 per share in the second quarter
of this year was $0.34 per share higher than the second quarter of 2020. Exelon Utilities less Holdco
earnings were up $0.20 per share compared with last year. The increase was driven primarily by the
absence of storm's costs from last year's record-setting storm season at PECO and new rates associated
with our completed rate cases and the impact of higher treasury rate on ComEd's distribution ROE. The
partial reversal of first quarter tax expense at corporate also drove favorability relative to last year's
results.

ExGen's earnings were up $0.14 per share compared with last year. And the increase was due to
unrealized and realized gains on our Constellation Technology Venture investments, realized gains in
our nuclear decommissioning trust funds, fewer planned nuclear outage days and higher ZEC revenue
from increased volumes in ZEC pricing in New York. As a reminder, the Constellation Technology Venture
investment will be mark-to-market every quarter. And since the quarter end, we have seen some decline
in prices.

Moving on to Slide 12. Looking at our utility returns on a consolidated basis, our trailing 12-month ROE as
of the second quarter has improved to 9.4% and is back within our 9% to 10% targeted range. A 50 basis
point increase from last quarter was primarily due to higher second quarter earnings across the utilities
and the roll-off of the storms that I mentioned that occurred last year. Looking forward, we remain focused
on delivering stronger returns in the utilities and supporting our growth targets.

Now turning to Slide 13. As Chris mentioned briefly in his remarks, there were some important
developments on the regulatory front. Notably, we received orders in 2 multiyear plans at Pepco for
D.C. and Maryland. Multiyear plans provide our customers with great predictability and reduce the
administrative costs caused by frequent filing with traditional rate case to recover our costs. We are
pleased that we have now received orders in our first 3 multiyear rate plans, which will provide timely and
predictable recovery for capital investments for the benefit of all our customers.

And now moving on to the details of the recent rate case developments. First, on June 8. The DC Public
Service Commission approved Pepco's multiyear plan for the 18 months, spanning the remainder of
'21 through 2022 with an allowed ROE of 9.275%, a revenue increase of $108.6 million along with the
acceleration of tax benefits to partially mitigate rate impacts for customers through 2022 is approved.
Additionally, the order allows for two-way reconciliation, including the ability to request recovery of
costs that exceed the forecasted cost at the end of deployment. The commission also approved tracking
performance incentive mechanisms that are focused on the district's climate and clean energy goals,
including GHG emission reduction, energy savings, peak demand reduction and distributed energy
resources deployed.

Second, on the 28th of June, the Maryland Public Service Commission approved Pepco's 3-year multiyear
plan for April 1, 2021 through March 31, 2024. The order approved a cumulative revenue requirement
of $52 million over the period as well as a 9.55% ROE. Acceleration of tax benefits to offset customer
increases were improved for the first year with years 2 and 3 to be determined later. COVID-19 in electric
vehicle regulatory assets were also approved for recovery.

Third, on the 22nd of June, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission issued an order approving increase
in PECO's annual natural gas distribution revenues of $29 million, reflecting an ROE of 10.24%.

And fourth, on July 14, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities unanimously approved ACE's settlement
in both the electric distribution rate case as well as our AMI meter and network deployment and cost
recovery. The rate case settlement was for $41 million revenue increase and a 9.6% ROE. There will be no

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

rate impact to customers until January 1, 2022, due to improved offsets from acceleration of tax benefits.
We are excited about the AMI decision that will allow us to bring the benefits of this technology to our
customers in South Jersey.

We've also had several rate cases still in progress, including Delmarva, Delaware's electric case where
we expected [ provision ] in the third quarter, the PECO electric case in the fourth quarter and ComEd's
annual formula rate filing in December. And overall, we're very pleased with the progress in advancing
progressive regulatory designs that benefit our customers while easing regulatory burden and improving
visibility for our utilities. As a reminder, we expect nearly 100% of our rate base growth will be covered by
alternative mechanisms by the end of our planning period, a differentiator for our utilities when compared
to our peers. And more details on the rate cases can be found on Slides 21 through 28 of the appendix.

And before discussing our gross margin update on Slide 14, I want to remind you that we will not be
providing any ExGen disclosures beyond 2021 at this time. And given the separation, we expect to provide
the 2022 hedge disclosures closer to completion when we're able to give a full financial picture for new
spun-off company.

Turning to the table on gross margin. There is no change to the 2021 gross margin since last quarter.
In 2021, open gross margin is up $750 million relative to the first quarter primarily due to the impact
of higher prices across all regions and the execution of $50 million power new business in [ 2021 ]. Our
mark-to-market hedges were down $600 million due to our highly hedged position, partially offset by the
execution of power new business. We executed $150 million of power new business in the quarter and $50
million of non-power business in the quarter.

I'll stop there. Thank you, and I'll now turn the call back to Chris for his closing remarks.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Joe. Appreciate it. Turning to Slide 15, I'll close on our priorities and commitments. We will meet
or exceed our financial commitments, delivering earnings within our guidance range and maintaining a
strong balance sheet. We will complete preparations to separate the business, including obtaining the
regulatory approvals. At Exelon Utilities, we will prudently and effectively deploy nearly $6.6 billion of
capital to the benefit of our customers and to help meet our state's energy policy goals, and we will work
with our regulators to ensure timely recovery of these investments.

We will continue to advocate for clean energy and climate policies with the new administration commerce
in our states to put the country on the path to meeting the carbon reduction goals that all desire. And we'll
continue to partner and support our customers in the communities that we serve.

Thank you, and I'll now open it up for questions. Before I do that, though, I have one error in my prepared
reading. I said we're at impasse on the nuclear issues on the bill. And that's not where the impasse is.
We've resolved the nuclear issues. We're working with all the constituents on other elements. So just want
to make sure that my blunder there didn't go too far down the path of what the hell is going on.
But with that, I'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question will be from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

So I'll let the legislative comment on Illinois. I know it's dynamic, and there's probably not too much
more you can comment on there. But I'd love to spend a moment, if you can, talking more high level with
respect to the federal efforts as well. And perhaps outside of Illinois, can you speak a little bit to the ability
to potentially tap into this [ CMC ] program, specifically in other states like Maryland and Pennsylvania
as well as the ability perhaps in some of the states that have various programs, just should we say, true-
up against future pressures should those ZECs prove insufficient against pressures on power curves and
renewables into the future?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

I'm going to add a little bit more color on to Illinois and then let Kathleen talk about the federal side.
The governor in his administration, the leaders in the legislature have a really tough job to do. They are
bringing together coalitions that have, in cases, different priorities. And as a member of inputting into
these coalitions, we're at a point that we need to figure out how to best support our leaders, so they're
able to execute on legislation that supports all within the right timing, within the right economics.

But we're here to support and we recognize the tough job ahead of our leaders, especially in the
legislature and committee leaders being able to bring something to fruition. So I just want to make sure
that we're clear on that point. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kathleen to talk about the federal.

Kathleen L. Barron
Executive Vice President of Government & Regulatory Affairs & Public Policy

Sure. Julien, so while we're certainly very grateful for the attention in Washington to the importance of
continuing the operation of the existing fleet in order to achieve climate goals, what's going on is there are
a number of policy tools that are under discussion and I'll sort of take them in order, while there, as Chris
mentioned, has been a production tax credit for nuclear introduced in both the House and Senate. There
are discussions of a clean energy standard potentially being developed for the reconciliation bill.

And you asked about [ CMC ]. I think what you mean is the DOE grant program that has been discussed
for a potential inclusion in the infrastructure bill. So those are 3 very different kinds of policy solutions.
The first 2 being far more comprehensive and one's that, as you mentioned, in Maryland, Pennsylvania
and other states, in the existing nuclear fleet potentially seeing a significant amount of support, and as
Chris said, providing a real benefit to the climate. The grant program is a little bit more challenging and
more limited given the limited amount of funding that will be available under that program at least as it's
currently drafted.

The real point though, is that all of these programs are just tatter or just sort of proposed programs.
Nothing has yet been enacted as you know. And so while we're watching it very closely and again, very
grateful for the growing amount of support for preserving their fleet through federal legislation, the reality
is that, as Chris said, we need to make decisions based on laws that have actually been enacted and
nothing has yet come to fruition in D.C. as of yet.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. No, I appreciate that very much. If I can pivot the business -- or the attention to the other side of
the business a bit more. As you think about opportunities described by some your peers on carbon-free

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

attributes and specifically some of the new novel off-takers like miners, can you speak to the willingness
with some of your counterparties, especially considering the extent of your C&I relationships already to
perhaps pay a premium and contract directly with some of your nuclear assets, if you don't mind?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

I'll let Joe start and then Jim can jump in, making sure we've got your question right here.

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, Julien, if I understand your question, I think you're asking with some of the -- what some of these
larger companies and customers are looking for, is there an opportunity with our carbon-free generation to
marry to them? And there is, and -- I'm sorry, go ahead.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

No, no, no. Yes, exactly.

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So I think there is, and that's something that the Constellation team is looking at, and we've created
some products already. When you look at renewable offtakes that we backed to third-party customers,
large third-party commercial industrial customers, and we had some success in different areas doing
that as well as some of the things you mentioned, these large mining companies, cryptocurrency-type
companies, and I'll let Jim fill in the blanks on there.

James McHugh
Executive VP & CEO of Costellation

Yes. Thanks, Joe. Julien, yes, we definitely had a lot of demand from our customers for multiple areas
of interest, right, in order for them to hit their sustainability targets. They're interested in carbon-free
energy, renewable energy, both. And we've had some success in selling emission-free energy credits
and other renewable type products to some of our larger C&I customers. They're also interested in just
sustainability information and data around energy usage and how to be more efficient.

So there's kind of this burgeoning suite of different products and services that we're working through
with our team and with our customers that they're very interested in. And we certainly have also seen
the demand for direct offtakes and large energy purchases for both data centers and mining as well as
also people that are interested in the hydrogen business. So we have a pipeline of activity and different
products and services that we're talking to our customers about. And we'll have more to come on that as
that develops.

Operator

The next question will be from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to just focus on the Texas assets for a little bit. There's been a lot of movement in terms of
market design and a lot of those moves seem constructive. The 4 curves moved up a lot. I was just
curious, your latest thoughts in terms of how satisfied are you with the improvements in market design.
I know I think it was a question in terms of whether those assets would be a fit unless there were
improvements. What's your general take on the progress in Texas?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

I'll let Kathleen start and then I'll finish on the actual plants themselves and what we're doing in what we
see as a potential new market design.

Kathleen L. Barron
Executive Vice President of Government & Regulatory Affairs & Public Policy

Stephen, so I think that the progress is a little bit slow. The ERCOT leadership and the PUCT have really
been focusing on how to react to what happened in February, and there's been, as you know, a lot of work
associated with that. So the changes looking forward, I think are -- in some was helpful in that we have
finally seen a proposal for how to address weatherization.

But on the broader questions of market design, there's a lot of discussion, but we do not yet at this
point have some solid proposals that have been either filed or approved. So while there are a number of
stakeholders working on ways to address changes to the ORDC curve or introducing new products into the
market, in my view, there's not enough progress yet to evaluate whether we're going to see the kind of
changes that will be necessary to prevent an event like February from happening again.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

So on the plant side, which should help inform what we need from the market side, Bryan Hanson, who's
our Chief Operating Officer, who is on the phone for the Genco, has a team -- technical team working
through what the design basis temperature would be that we would have to install capital to be able
to reach that. The plants in Texas were never designed for the weather that we saw and especially the
duration of the weather that we saw. So if we go to something much lower in temperature as a design
basis, we have to look at what adequately would preserve the piping. Is it heat trace, is it insulation, is it
other type of barriers and what's the most economic way to get there.

And Bryan, I don't know if you want to add anything, but that team is well underway at this point.

Bryan Craig Hanson
Executive VP & Chief Generation Officer

Chris, I would just add, we've built the model that has some certain assumptions on temperature, wind
speed, longevity of the weather event that will calculate the engineering changes we need to make to the
plant, in which case then we'll be able to price that out. And then once the weatherization standards are
published and accepted in ERCOT, we can then tune that model to come up with our final outcomes and
then establish the price points for those plants.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

And that will definitely have to feed into what ERCOT is doing on market design. Just as we saw in PJM
some years back on the reliability standards that they were looking for, there was an expense to that. We
all were willing or many of us were willing to invest that into that reliability, but we have to have some
assurance that we're going to get a return on that invested capital.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

All very helpful. And it's fair that we still have to wait and see how the rules developed to figure out sort of
what your stance is with those assets. So that's all very fair.

I wanted to shift over to the utility. You gave a very good thorough update on the utility. I wanted to just
step back, at a high level, utility is already an above-average grower, but I was just curious, are there --
what are the biggest categories of sort of upside potential in terms of growth of the utility business that
you're most excited about, really a multiyear period, not so much in the near term, but sort of longer
term?

Christopher Mark Crane

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Let me turn it over to Calvin Butler.

Calvin G. Butler
Senior Executive VP & CEO of Exelon Utilities

Thanks, Steve. I would sit back and say, our opportunities is really in partnering with each of our
jurisdictions to understand what their needs are and how we're really hardening the system and building
resiliency throughout. As you sit back and look, I think our efforts around our path to clean, as Chris
talked about and Joe talked about earlier, is really understanding where they're taking us and electrifying
our entire distribution system, also in really setting up our gas distribution system for the future. And
replacing that infrastructure is also a key ingredient in several of our jurisdictions. In addition to that,
around the security of the overall system as well.

So when we look at where we're going, electrifying our vehicle fleet, electrification of our system, the
replacement of our gas system and also ensuring that it's secure are really our opportunities across each
of our jurisdictions.

Operator

The next question will be from Steve Fleishman at Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

My questions are focused on Illinois. Just we have seen a decent move-up in power prices recently. And
particularly, I guess, in the near term, just any sense on -- is there any chance that, that could be enough
to wait this out longer with the plants?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

I can give you the beginning, which is the end and then Joe can fill in the blanks. No, it doesn't give us
what we need. But Joe.

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Thank you, Chris. And Steve, it really isn't that simple. I think certainty, Steve, is very important. As you
know, the plants face near-term financial challenges, and as Chris said in his script, absent legislation,
closing the plant is the right economic decision and obviously not an easy one.

I would tell you, we've seen an uptick in energy prices many times before, never have they helped. And
when you look at it at the front end of the power curve is up more materially than the back end of the
power curve in terms of price movement. In addition, we've seen capacity prices decline. The stability and
certainty provided by a contract better address -- clearly better address the financial challenges of these
plants without being exposed to all this market volatility.

In addition, the term of the contract helps with things like capital planning and the efficiency of that,
obviously, our workforce personnel planning. And we just think it's a much more certain outcome and a
better way here.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

I mean is there any appreciation that to the flip side that the law as proposed at least would actually be
below where current price levels are in the near term?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

It's something that we see today, but we've seen this stance before. Something happens in the market,
the near term rises, it's flat or low on the back side as we drift into the above years, we come right back
down. And so we really have to focus on the long-term viability and the economics versus the cyclical
nature of the markets, the lows and all the variables.

We're agreeing to and support a significant renewable build-out within the legislation. We know that, that
will have a depressing factor on prices as low demand periods with excess generation will bring the prices
down, and that will drop not only the forwards, but the back here. So it's -- there's consumer protection
in the legislation that ensures we don't over-earn, but the -- to bet on the come that these forwards are
going to maintain and eventually lift the out years is a gamble that we're not willing to take.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

I guess my other question just on the law is it doesn't seem like anyone, as you mentioned, is debating
the nuclear provisions. But the issue, as I guess the governor said, is that -- as he kind of commented on
the labor unions that they're preventing potential job loss in 2045 over certain job loss in 2021. Just -- can
you maybe -- do the union group not believe you're shutting the plants? Or are they just willing to take
potential benefits in 2045 over 2021?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

First of all, let me make it clear. We're not engaged and involved in that negotiation as far as the shutdown
of the coal and the jobs issues that go along with that. We understand what the union is asking for. We
understand what the governor is asking for, and it's put on the lap of the legislative body to figure out
what's the right thing to meet the state goals, continue to have adequate employment certainty. And so
it's a tough situation.

But I can say that's not a fight that we're involved in. And we are very dependent on the support for our
power plants to be maintained by our union partners, building trades in the IBEW. They're very aware of
the dire situation for the nuclear plants. So I don't think that their dedication to saving the jobs at these
plants are in question. They have some other priorities and other constituents within their organizations
that are dealing with issues. So I would just leave it at that.

Operator

And the next question, Jeremy Tonet at JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just wanted to turn to the storm offset for a second here, the $600 million-ish that you were targeting
here from Uri -- to offset Uri. Just wondering if you could help update us as far as how that's progressing,
where you see yourself versus what you're targeting, and how much is left to do at this point.

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So we did achieve more in the second quarter than when we had done our planning originally in
Q1, what we would have expected to achieve, we expected most of it show up in the [indiscernible] of
the year. We've achieved somewhere between 20% and 25% of the offsets that we expected. And we
said they would come in a number of areas, when you look at deferral of cost and onetime cost savings
opportunities, whether it's things like contracting dollars, holding labor vacancies, reductions in travel and
entertainment expense, deferring noncritical maintenance capital, those types of things.

There were some revenue opportunities when you see the improvement in treasuries. We talked about our
technology ventures investments. So we're ahead of what we expected to do at this point in the year, and
we're continuing to work hard on delivering the balance of what we committed to.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful there. And then turning towards the utility business as a whole here. Given
the potential moving pieces at ComEd and then some positive outcomes, it seems like with Maryland and
D.C. with the multiyear plans, better outlooks in those jurisdictions. How should we think about both the
trajectory of utility-earned ROEs? And how this might impact the 6% to 8% utility growth rate that you
guys see?

Calvin G. Butler
Senior Executive VP & CEO of Exelon Utilities

This is Calvin. I would just sit back and tell you that we are very confident in achieving the stated financial
performance for each of our utilities and to your reference on the multiyear plans that have gone taking
place in Maryland and in D.C. and Joe outlined in terms of the rate case across our business. It goes to
show you the partnership that we've established with our jurisdictions and understanding what their needs
are and how our investments are meeting those goals.

We are committed to $6.6 billion annual investments in capital and recovery of real-time on that capital.
And the alternative ratemaking that has been taking place across those utilities indicate that we are
recovering and returning on that capital in real time. If you think about the jurisdictions in which we
operate, they have typically been some of the more difficult across the country. and we're changing that
landscape.

So I'm very proud of the team across each of the utilities and really building that partnership and showing
that we understand the needs, and we're meeting those objectives.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Let's see if Joe wants...

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, I would just add one thing on top of what Calvin said, which I thought he did a very comprehensive
job. As you know, we target 9% to 10% ROE in all of our utilities. And this quarter, you saw us jump 50
basis points back across the composite to 9.4%, and that factors into our 6% to 8% earnings projection.

Operator

The next question will be from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Couple of ExGen questions. First of all, the offsets or the O&M savings you're trying to realize this year to
help offset the winter storm year impact. How much of that do you think will remain in place as we go out
into 2022 or 2023? Or should we assume there's a sizable step back up in O&M in those years?

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. I think what we've said is a lot of that is onetime in nature. When you think about deferring some
things that you ultimately need to get done. I talked about things like labor vacancies and contracting,
travel and entertainment. At this point, a lot of that is onetime in nature.

But what I would add to that is, as you know, Michael, we've done a good job across the enterprise and
as well as at ExGen in really driving efficiencies and cost here in the last 5 or 6 years, and we continue
to look at new ways to do that, whether it's leverage in technology or the scale of our business when you

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

look at our supply organization doing a nice job in that area, and we'll continue to challenge ourselves. But
some of these costs specifically are going to be onetime in nature.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I can tell you that each cost as we bring it back in, in 2022 will be scrutinized against what is the new
workplace of the future, what's the productivity we're able to achieve with these reductions. It is not a
healthy recipe to forgo capital maintenance or required O&M maintenance and let the systems decay. So
you can buy yourself some time on some of those decisions. But at the end of the day, reliability on the
system is critical, and we'll watch that.

But there are other areas that -- there's teams working on reentry, looking at staffing needs as we go
through the design of the organizations. As we look at the split, there are savings that we're not ready to
announce yet, but that will be coming into play in each one of the companies in the design of the future
state of 2 entities, strong entities working on their own.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Meaning when you think about the 2 entities as separate entities, we should think that there are costs -- I
don't want to call them synergy, but there are cost opportunities as separate entities versus maybe having
dissynergies on the cost side?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Well, yes. That -- what you focus on at the start is making sure you attack the synergies. And that's
what we're doing. And then from there, when you're attacking the dissynergies, it will expose potential
businessships and how we perform. So we're working through that. Bridget Reidy, our Chief Operating
Officer of Corporate is leading a lot of that as long as -- along with our project management team that is
daily following each one of the designs, staffing, expenses.

And we'll continue to report out to the senior team on where we're at on obtaining. The first goal is to try
to minimize, neutralize, do away with any dissynergies. And then from there, what new efficiencies can we
drive into the business.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And one last one just on Byron and Dresden. Is there a scenario where you could push out the
refueling outages until next year, meaning early next year and keep them afloat or keep them operating
through the end of this year? Or is that kind of physically or for safety reasons impossible to do?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

What happens at the end of cycle, which we're heading towards on these plants, your fuel becomes less
and less effective and the term is coast down. And so you start power out of the reactor, the thermal
megawatts out of the reactor is reduced, which compounds to the electric megawatts produced. And so
you get to a point that you're running -- within months or so period, you're running inefficient steam paths
and inefficient operations. So you make the call as coast down to start and to shut the facility down.

The one thing to reiterate in shutting down a nuclear plant, it is -- the goal is you shut down, you cool
down. You disassemble the reactor. You offload all of the fuel into the spent fuel pool and you relinquish
the license to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and there is no path back from that. There's no
regulatory path back.

And so what we do is start into the phases of the chosen decommissioning using the decommissioning
trust fund and it comes out of our expense column. It's in the prefunded category of the decommissioning

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

trust. So it's irreversible. And running a year is physically impossible. Running an extra month is very
challenging on the steep supply system and maintaining adequate controls on the physics.

Operator

That concludes the Q&A session, and I'll turn it back to Chris Crane.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

I want to thank everybody for the time this morning for joining the call. We're working hard to run
the businesses at best-in-class levels and taking the necessary steps to set up 2 strong independent
companies. There's quite a focus on both of those goals, and we'll continue to update you as we go along.
We appreciate your support. And with that, I'll close the call out.

Operator
Thanks to all our participants for joining us today. This concludes our presentation. You may now
disconnect. Have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EXELON CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

