Exxon Mobil Corporation NYSE:XOM
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 30, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.98

1.10

Revenue  (mm)

63962.00

67742.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2021 11:28 AM GMT

12.24

5.91

1.24

3.99

4.63

69211.11

257134.96

268565.81

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

CONSENSUS

(0.25)

0.02

0.60

0.98

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.18)

0.03

0.65

1.10

SURPRISE

NM

50.00 %

8.33 %

12.24 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President
& CEO

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations &
Corporate Secretary

ANALYSTS

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jason Daniel Gabelman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jonathon Rigby
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Sam Jeffrey Margolin
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Exxon Mobil Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.
Today's call is being recorded.

And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations and Secretary, Mr.
Stephen Littleton. Please go ahead, sir.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. We appreciate
your participation and continued interest in ExxonMobil. I am Stephen Littleton, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Joining me today are Darren Woods, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jack Williams,
our Senior Vice President, overseeing Downstream and Chemical. In a moment, Darren will make some
introductory comments. I will then cover the quarterly financial and operating results, and then Jack and
Dan will provide their perspectives on the business. Following those remarks, we will be happy to address
any questions.

Our comments this morning will reference the slides available on the Investors section of our website.
I would also like to draw your attention to the cautionary statement on Slide 2 and to the supplemental
information at the end of this presentation.

I will now turn the call over to Darren.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Before Stephen takes us
through the second quarter results, let me start by covering the significant developments in the quarter.
Starting with the extensive engagement the Board and I had with our shareholders in the months leading
up to our annual meeting. We received some very explicit feedback that we found valuable and are
incorporating in our plans as we move the company forward. In future, the directors, the management
committee and I look forward to continuing the active shareholder engagement and discussing the good
work going on at the company and the progress we are making on all fronts.

Since our annual meeting, we welcomed our new directors. Greg Goff, Kaisa Hietala and Andy Karsner with
a number of discussions that included myself, our Lead Director, Ken Frazier, other Board members and
senior managers of the company. In June, we began the new members' onboarding process with in-depth
reviews of our businesses and key topics such as our energy outlook and our approach to the energy
transition. While the Board has met virtually on a couple of topics since the annual meeting, this week
was the first in-person regular meeting of the Board. We had very substantive and productive discussions
across both of the committees and the full Board that were informed by the extensive shareholder
engagements of the past several months.

I'm pleased to say that without exception, our Directors are focused on improving the performance of
the company, addressing the challenges faced by our industry and increasing long-term shareholder
value. There is very good alignment on the importance of leveraging the diverse experience and skills of
the Board. The important role ExxonMobil will have in the transition, helping to lead to the development
and deployment of critical technologies, advocating for necessary policy and making strategically
and financially accretive investments. The need to improve transparency and engagement with our
shareholders, actively listening and more explicitly addressing concerns and, of course, driving total
shareholder return in both the short and long run. While there is still much to do, I think we're working
from a very strong foundation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

ExxonMobil is proud to be a global leader in the industry. As the energy system evolves with society's
needs, we look forward to continuing our role as a leader, helping lead society through the transition
leveraging the deep thinking and analytical rigor of our 20,000 scientists and engineers and the hard work
of all of our people.

Another important development in the quarter was the addition of Kathy Mikells to our management
committee as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of the Board, the other members
of the management committee and our entire organization, I want to welcome Kathy and express how
excited we are to have her on board. She joins us formally next month and brings significant CFO and
Investor Relations experience from her time at Diageo, Xerox, United Airlines and ADT. In addition to
the financial functions, Kathy's portfolio will include corporate strategic planning, investor relations and
a number of our global business services like IT and procurement. We look forward to the depth of
experience and perspectives she'll bring.

While welcoming Kathy, I'd like to also recognize Andy Swiger's retirement, which was also recently
announced. I'd like to take the opportunity to express our gratitude for the many contributions Andy has
made during his 43 years with the company. He has certainly earned his retirement, and we all wish him
and his wife Sherry, the very best.

Also of significance in the quarter was the continuing market recovery, which obviously underpins our
results. As you will hear, the organization remains very focused on continuing to leverage the changes
we've implemented over the last several years and on delivering the plans we've discussed with you in
March. As the margin improves, we've maintained a disciplined approach doing more with less. We remain
focused on delivering industry-leading operating performance, continuing to significantly reduce costs,
advancing our portfolio of high return advantage projects, executing value-accretive divestments and
rebuilding the strength of our balance sheet. In addition, as the need for climate solutions beyond wind,
solar and electric vehicles grow, we are working to expand our portfolio of strategically and financially
accretive low-carbon solutions investments. While still in the early stages, I'm pleased with the progress
we're making. I'll come back to this later in the call.

At this time, I'll hand it back to Stephen.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Thanks, Darren. I will now walk through development since the first quarter. Across all 3 businesses,
demand recovery has improved results. In the Upstream, liquids realizations improved significantly versus
the first quarter. Production was lower due to seasonal gas demand in Europe and higher scheduled
maintenance activity, notably in Canada. We continue to explore and progress development in our
advantaged deepwater assets with 2 discoveries announced in Guyana during the second quarter and
a third discovery, Whiptail, announced this week. We also completed final investment decision for the
Bacalhau development offshore Brazil.

In the Downstream, global demand improved in line with economic recovery. However, we did see the
impact of regional lockdowns resulting from COVID outbreaks. While there is improved demand for
gasoline and diesel, margins continue to be impacted by product oversupply and depressed jet demand
driven by lower international travel.

The Chemical business achieved record quarterly earnings with strong reliability and high polyethylene and
polypropylene margins, specifically in North America and Europe due to continued strong demand, tight
industry supply and ongoing shipping constraints.

During the quarter, we announced the sale of our global Santoprene business to Celanese for more than
$1.1 billion. The transaction includes 2 manufacturing sites in Pensacola, Florida and Newport, Wales and
is expected to close in the fourth quarter.

Earnings improvements across all businesses resulted in increased cash flow from operations, enabling
debt reduction of $2.7 billion in the quarter. Finally, our Low Carbon Solutions business signed 2 MOUs to
progress large-scale carbon capture and storage projects in Scotland and France.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Let's move to Slide 5 for an overview of second quarter results. The table on the left provides a view of
second quarter results relative to the prior quarter. Earnings, excluding identified items, were $4.7 billion,
an increase of approximately $2 billion versus the first quarter, primarily due to higher prices and margins
and strong reliability. There was a $700 million hurt compared to the prior quarter from mark-to-market
impacts on open financial derivatives for which the physical trading strategy had not closed. We expect to
realize the full earnings benefit of these trading strategies when they close in the future.

Consistent with prior disclosures, planned maintenance activity impacted earnings by about $800 million in
the quarter, and was partially offset by lower corporate expenses and favorable tax items.

On the next slides, I will cover a brief summary of quarterly results for each business. Upstream earnings
improved more than $630 million compared to the first quarter. Higher prices increased earnings by about
$1 billion, partially offset by mark-to-market impacts of unsettled derivatives. Tighter supply-demand
balances increased liquids realizations by 12%. Gas realizations also increased, driven primarily by higher
European and LNG gas prices. Increased planned maintenance, primarily in Canada and Australia impacted
earnings by $360 million.

Next quarter, we expect lower levels of planned maintenance. Other items were a help of $310 million and
included favorable asset management and onetime tax items.

On the next slide, I will cover a brief summary of Upstream volumes. On average, Upstream volumes
decreased by about 200,000 oil equivalent barrels per day compared to the first quarter. Gas and
liquids were both lower in the quarter with seasonal gas demand reductions primarily in Europe, lower
entitlements due to higher prices and the planned maintenance activity that I mentioned earlier. These
impacts were partially offset by improved reliability, primarily in Canada and the U.S. and recovery from
winter storm impacts experienced in the first quarter.

Moving to Slide 8. Downstream earnings improved by approximately $160 million in the second quarter.
During the quarter, margins improved by nearly $600 million but were partially offset by the unsettled
mark-to-market impacts I mentioned earlier. We had our best ever lubricants quarterly earnings driven
by improved base stock margins. We have also seen demand improve, particularly in North America retail
fuels. During the quarter, planned maintenance and turnarounds reduced earnings by $220 million. We
optimize the timing of our Downstream maintenance in the first half of 2021, which positions us well for
the continuing economic recovery as we move through the year. We also benefited from the absence of
the first quarter refinery to terminal conversion provision for our Altona, Australia and Slagen, Norway
refineries, which was included in the other factor.

Moving to Chemical on Slide 9. Chemical had its best ever quarterly earnings, delivering over $2.3 billion,
more than a $900 million improvement versus the first quarter. Margins improved by approximately $1.1
billion, reflecting our continued reliable operations and tight industry supply conditions, particularly in the
polyethylene and polypropylene markets in North America and Europe. Planned seasonal maintenance and
turnarounds in Europe reduced earnings by $180 million.

The next slide summarizes results versus the second quarter of 2020. Compared to the second quarter
of last year, earnings increased by $7.7 billion, driven by a total price margin improvement of about $6.7
billion and increased sales of $802 million. We had $850 million in planned maintenance as we successfully
stretched maintenance intervals out of 2020 into the first half of this year. This position us well for a
continuing economic recovery in the second half of 2021. Structural efficiencies, lower corporate and
financing expenses and favorable tax items delivered additional earnings benefit.

Slide 11 provides further details on investing and cost management. Excluding energy and production
taxes, cash operating expenses were $18.7 billion during the first half of 2021. In addition to reducing
structural costs by $3 billion in 2020, the company has captured over $1 billion in further structural
savings in the first half of 2021. The company remains on pace to achieve through 2023 total structural
cost reductions of $6 billion relative to 2019. The cost associated with turnarounds, winter storm repairs
and other market and activity-based factors were a partial offset.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Capital expenditures were $3.8 billion in the second quarter and $6.9 billion year-to-date. Consistent
with our plans, we started the year with lower levels of investment to provide flexibility for responding
to market conditions. We remain on track with full year spending on the lower end of our $16 billion to
$19 billion range. Investments in the second half of the year are expected to be higher due to the timing
of spend for major Upstream and Chemical projects, including Guyana, Brazil, Permian and Chemical
performance products.

Moving on to the summary of cash flow on Slide 12. Cash flow from operating activities was $9.7 billion in
the quarter. Excluding working capital effects, this is up about $2 billion from the first quarter, reflecting
continued market improvement and ongoing benefits of our cost reductions.

Consistent with our capital allocation priorities, total debt was reduced to $60.6 billion in the quarter,
bringing year-to-date reductions to over $7 billion. We ended the quarter with $3.5 billion of cash.

Turning to Slide 13 for the third quarter outlook. In the Upstream, we expect higher volumes with lower
planned maintenance. The sale of the U.K. Central and Northern North Sea assets is now expected to close
by the end of the year, subject to regulatory and third-party approvals.

In the Downstream, we anticipate demand improvement with continued economic recovery, lower
turnarounds and maintenance are planned for the quarter.

In Chemical, we anticipate some easing and the tight supply-demand balance as industry downtime
improves and additional capacity comes online. We also expect lower turnaround impacts next quarter.

Corporate and financing expenses are expected to be about $600 million, and we anticipate further debt
reductions if prices and margins remain at current levels.

With that, I will now turn the call over to Jack.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Thank you, Stephen, and good morning. We're very pleased with the company's performance for the
first 6 months of this year from a number of perspectives, including safety, reliability, earnings, cash flow
and debt reduction. We've also made progress in our efforts to reduce emissions, advance lower carbon
solutions and further advance the depth and quality of our portfolio.

I'll spend a few minutes providing some highlights and perspectives on this progress, and let's start with
a look at the business environment. Second quarter saw a rapidly recovering environment with significant
improvement in all our product markets. Oil and gas prices increased materially since the fourth quarter of
last year, and we're back within the 10-year range, driven largely by economic recovery as the pandemic-
related restrictions were relaxed.

Downstream margins moved close to the low end of the 10-year band. They continue to be impacted
by an unbalanced global refining system, resulting primarily from an oversupply of distillates from
low international jet demand. Nonetheless, U.S. demand growth drove substantial improvements
from the historic lows of the fourth quarter. Importantly, significant earnings potential remains as the
Downstream continues to recover from the lingering effects of the pandemic. And to build on that point
and demonstrate just how quickly things can change, Chemical prices and margins were far above the
10-year band and drove record earnings. Chemicals record results were driven by strong base reliability,
robust demand and tight supply for both polyethylene and polypropylene in the North American and
European markets. Looking ahead, although we anticipate lengthening of supply and rising feed across the
regions, our outlook is for Chemical margins to remain strong in the coming months.

Given the dynamic market and record results, I'd like to spend a few minutes talking more deeply about
the Chemical markets in our business. Starting with a closer look at the current market environment.
The last 18 months have been a testament to the underlying resiliency in demand for Chemical products,
and that is especially true in a surging global economic recovery as these products are widely needed for
food packaging, hygiene and the recovering automobile sector, among others. This year, polyethylene and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

polypropylene margins across North America and Europe increased by more than 140% versus the fourth
quarter of last year. The recovery in Asia has been more challenging due to pockets of COVID resurgence,
higher supply and increased crude and naphtha prices.

The strong margins in the Atlantic Basin are the result of several factors. First, hurricane impacts in late
2020, followed by Winter Storm Uri earlier this year, which reduced inventory levels; second, unplanned
industry shutdowns and turnarounds; third, global shipping constraints of finished products caused by
port congestion, container availability and increased shipping costs from Asia to the U.S.; and then finally,
demand growth in the U.S. commensurate with growth in GDP.

Our Chemical business has benefited from this tightness with 70% of our polyethylene capacity located
in these regions. A material portion of this is typically exported to Asia, but was redirected to Europe and
North America enabling us to capture more than our share of demand growth. The scale, global footprint
and multitude of product lines in our Chemical business provides competitive advantage and strong
earnings potential is amplified in tight markets like today, and is also durable when looking at longer time
frames. ExxonMobil Chemicals earnings over the past decade were 80% higher than the industry average.
In the first quarter, our earnings were double the industry average. And our second quarter result is
materially higher than the first. The core strategy of our Chemicals business is growing technology-driven,
higher-value performance products. These have proven, over the test of time, to add significant value for
our customers versus commodity chemical products.

Our diverse product offerings and global reach are significant advantages. ExxonMobil Chemical is #1 or
#2 in more than 80% of the markets where we compete. This provides resiliency across a wide range of
market scenarios and upside in a market like today. In addition to the product diversity, I want to highlight
the benefits we've seen this year from 3 important drivers: first, our ability to optimize feed and unit
operations at our integrated facilities and leverage regional feedstock supply chains has generated about
$1.4 billion of earnings for the first 6 months of this year; second, as we discussed during Investor Day,
we've sharpened our focus on making our Chemicals business a leader in cost efficiency.

As a result, costs were down significantly in 2020. And even with the higher sales volumes this year,
ongoing structural efficiencies such as digital enhancements, manufacturing efficiencies and previously
announced staffing reductions are expected to support $1 billion in annual reductions versus 2019; and
third, the recent advantaged project investments, including the world-scale U.S. Gulf Coast steam cracker
and polyethylene reactors delivered $600 million in earnings in the first half of this year. And there are
more advantaged projects in flight today that will grow our supply performance products and have an
even larger impact on earnings. These projects will grow our supply of performance products by 70%
by 2027. And grow the earnings contribution by 100% due to the higher value slate of new products.
These products bring significant benefits to our customers. They support lower emissions, improve
the performance of technologies that enable the energy transition and improve efficiencies. And those
advantages ultimately are reflected in higher margins.

For example, polyethylene packaging has lower life cycle emissions compared to alternatives. Performance
polyethylene like our Exceed XP is stronger, enabling thinner films for the same applications. We're
developing the capability to produce certified circular polymers from plastic waste using our proprietary
advanced recycling technology. And polypropylene used to reduce the weight of vehicles, improve fuel
economy and battery life.

The projects gained advantaged not just from the higher-margin products they produce, but also from
advantaged fee, scale, proprietary catalyst technology and the integration with our existing Chemical and
Downstream facilities and logistics.

Our focus going forward remains on advancing a number of major Chemical and also Downstream projects
that will further strengthen our integrated manufacturing platforms and upgrade our product mix to meet
a range of future demand scenarios. As you may recall, many of these projects were paced to preserve
cash during the market downturn last year.

Our global projects organization has done an excellent job managing this activity to preserve long-term
value. This group of projects are expected to still be completed within the FID estimate. As an aside, this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

is the same organization that we'll be delivering future carbon capture projects advancing through our Low
Carbon Solutions business. This capability continues to be an enduring competitive advantage and will only
increase in importance going forward.

In the Chemical business, our large Corpus Christi Chemical complex is ahead of schedule and under
budget. We just announced a mechanical completion of the 3 derivative units, including a monoethylene
glycol unit and 2 polyethylene reactors. Full site start-up is anticipated by year-end. Progress is ongoing at
the polypropylene growth project in Baton Rouge, start-up anticipated next year. Our Baytown Chemical
Plant expansion will include a new Vistamaxx unit and a full range linear alpha olefins unit, is on track
for the 2023 startup. Our China [ One Venture ] captures the advantaged of being located in the world's
largest growth market. We signed several important agreements to advance the project, including a
contract with Sinopec for basic engineering design, procurement and construction.

In the Downstream, we're moving crude to the Wink to Webster Pipeline from the Permian Basin and
are preparing to ship third-party production in the fourth quarter of this year. At Beaumont, process unit
modules are on site, and we're ramping up construction activity for start-up in 2023. And our Singapore
and [ Foley ] projects are also progressing. However, they are a bit further out in terms of a full project
restart.

Even in the current challenging refining environment, these Downstream projects are still attractive and
materially improve the competitiveness of our integrated sites. If these 4 projects were online at today's
margins, they would be contributing more than $1 billion in annual earnings. For example, our Singapore
[ Zidd ] project will produce 20,000 barrels a day of high-quality lube base stocks that would have added
to our strong lubricants result this quarter. Collectively, this world-class Chemical and Downstream project
portfolio delivers 30% returns at 10-year average margins. That's more than $4 billion of annual earnings
at 10-year average margins and $2 billion of 10-year low margins.

We're also benefiting from ongoing attractive Upstream investments as well, especially in the Permian as
development performance continues to improve, resulting in rapidly growing value. We produced 400,000
oil equivalent barrels a day this quarter, which was up approximately 50,000 oil equivalent barrels a day
versus the second quarter of last year, excluding the impact of the economic curtailments. We expect
to grow production a further 40,000 oil equivalent barrels per day in the third quarter. And importantly,
value is growing even faster as operating and development performance continues to improve at a rate
exceeding our plans.

Relative to 2019, we've more than doubled the lateral feet we're drilling per day and recently set an
industry record by drilling a Delaware Basin 12,500-foot lateral in just 12 days. At the end of the second
quarter, our drilling rates are approximately 3x more efficient than in 2019. So another way to think about
this is that the 8 rigs we're running today are achieving the same lateral length as it took close to 25 rigs
to drill just 2 years ago. Completions are improving, too. Our frac rates are around 50% faster. This has
resulted in a reduction in drilling and completion costs of more than 40%. And on top of that, we've also
improved lease operating expense by about 35%.

Our environmental performance also continues to improve. We achieved record low flaring intensity levels
during the quarter, which was top quartile in the industry. As we've discussed previously, the advantaged
short-cycle development profile of the Permian gives us flexibility within the portfolio. The parameter
setting our pace of development have not changed. First, delivering positive free cash flow across a broad
range of price scenarios; second, demonstrating we are achieving industry-leading capital efficiency; and
third, ensuring double-digit returns and $35 a barrel or less. This low price resiliency also applies to our
deepwater developments in Guyana and Brazil.

In Guyana's Stabroek block, we've added 3 new discoveries since the first quarter, including the Whiptail
discovery announced this week. The Uaru-2 well encountered 120 feet of high-quality oil-bearing
reservoirs. The Longtail-3 well encountered 230 feet of net pay and both of these results included newly
identified intervals below the zones originally discovered. Resource quantification is ongoing.

The Whiptail-1 well encountered 246 feet of net pay and drilling is ongoing at the Whiptail-2 well, which
has encountered 167 feet of net pay both in high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoirs. This additional

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

resource will add to the 9 billion oil equivalent barrels we discussed at Investor Day, further increasing our
confidence in the resource size and quality in the area east of Liza and supporting our view of an ultimate
block-wide footprint of 7 to 10 developments. The projects in progress remain on schedule with the
expected arrival of the Liza Phase 2 Unity FPSO in Guyanese waters early in the fourth quarter. Payara, the
third major development on the block is on track for a 2024 start-up with topside construction ongoing.
And pending government approval, we're targeting a final investment decision on Yellowtail, our fourth
major development later this year with startup planned for 2025.

Offshore Brazil, we confirmed the final investment decision on the Bacalhau development during the
second quarter. And expect this 220,000 barrel a day project to start up in 2024. It will deliver more than
a 15% rate of return at $50 a barrel.

I'll now turn the call back over to Darren to discuss our Low Carbon Solutions business and long-term
plans.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Thanks, Jack. Let me shift focus now to the wide range of activities we are pursuing to ensure ExxonMobil
plays a key role in the energy transition while continuing to grow shareholder value. You'll recall
that earlier this year, we established our Low Carbon Solutions business to develop potential carbon
capture and storage opportunities using both established and emerging technologies and progress
commercialization of other lower emissions technologies. We believe that the depth and breadth of our
operating experience, history of process innovation, project execution, subsurface expertise and ability
to scale technology gives us a competitive advantage in what is expected to be a fast-growing market for
Low Carbon Solutions.

We also believe that the time is right, given the developing market for emission reduction credits and
growing recognition of the importance of carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and biofuels by both
governments and investors, all critical for broad-scale commercialization. The new organization is making
steady progress in developing a wide range of attractive opportunities weighted initially towards carbon
capture and storage. We provided a few examples here to give you a sense of the opportunities.

Next year, we anticipate final investment decisions for a large CCS expansion at our LaBarge facility in
Wyoming and a new carbon capture technology pilot associated with the Porthos project in Rotterdam.
This quarter, we signed an MOU to explore the development of CO2 infrastructure to help decarbonize the
industrial basin in the Normandy region of France, and an MOU to participate in the recently announced
Acorn CCS project in Scotland.

We are continuing to pursue several Gulf Coast opportunities, including our Houston Hub concept,
which are all gaining industry and third-party support. In addition to carbon capture and storage, we're
advancing a number of options to produce low emissions biofuels. These include new projects, repurposing
existing refinery units, co-processing biofeeds and purchase agreements. These plans would enable the
production of more than 40,000 barrels per day of low-emission fuels by 2025.

We also recently completed a successful trial to co-process biofeed across our existing refining circuit.
Coprocessing biofeed is a key technology that can be rapidly scaled to help society quickly lower
emissions, provided the right policies are in place. In addition, during the quarter, we expanded a previous
agreement with alternative fuels developer, Global Clean Energy, to annually purchase up to 5 million
barrels of renewable diesel. This is basically a drop in lower carbon fuel that meets all finished product
specs for today's engines. Commercial production is expected to begin next year.

In markets where low carbon fuels policies incentivize the development of lower emission fuels like
California and Canada, scale opportunities exist. We see the potential to leverage our existing facility
footprint, proprietary catalyst technology and decades of experience in processing challenging feed
streams to develop attractive low-emission fuels projects with competitive returns, and effectively
designed low carbon fuel standard in the U.S. could accelerate significant CO2 reductions in the hard-to-
abate transportation segment at a cost much lower than some existing policy.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

While we advocate for needed policies such as a carbon tax or low carbon fuel standard and develop
future projects, we continue to lead the industry in developing and deploying new technologies to address
another important issue, reducing methane emissions. To that end, we have conducted more than 23,000
league surveys on more than 5 million components at over 9,500 locations. We are eliminating high-bleed
pneumatic devices across our U.S. unconventional production and participating as a founding member and
industry initiatives to improve detection and reduction of methane leaks.

ExxonMobil is also the first company to file an application with the EPA to use airplanes equipped with
methane detection technology to conduct large fly-over inspections, and we're evaluating satellite
technology in support of our 2025 reduction plans for both methane intensity and absolute methane
emissions. These ongoing efforts to commercialize low carbon solutions and reduce emissions are central
to our long-term plan to grow shareholder value. As markets and policies continue to evolve, we will be
there playing our part, contributing where we bring the most value.

In the near term, as we begin the development of next year's plan, our organization is focused on
continuing to deliver industry-leading operating performance, building on last year's record results in
safety and reliability and extending our trend of annual reductions in emissions intensity by accelerating
the pace of reductions and establishing more aggressive objectives. This will enable us to reduce our
own emissions at a pace faster than what the countries have committed to under the Paris agreement. It
will also help accelerate our objective of industry leadership in greenhouse gas performance by the end
of the decade. Of course, we remain focused on sustained financial discipline. We are developing plans
consistent with our existing commitments to deliver $6 billion of annual structural savings by the end of
2023, manage future capital investments, including new low carbon projects within previously announced
CapEx ranges and restoring the strength of our balance sheet, returning debt to levels consistent with a
strong AA rating.

As our results demonstrate, we've made good progress in improving our competitiveness, but we're not
satisfied. Our plans will focus on driving a further step change. We see a significant opportunity to capture
scale and integration benefits from our recent reorganizations, improving efficiency, effectiveness and
growing additional cash flow.

To strengthen the earnings and cash flow potential of our assets, our plans will continue to advance high-
return, advantaged projects and high-grade our existing assets through accretive divestments. Finally, as
I have illustrated, we're stepping up and accelerating efforts to ensure the company plays a meaningful
role in the energy transition. Our plans will reflect the continuing development and deployment of needed
technologies, and where the appropriate incentives are in place, accretive investments.

As we finalize our plans later this year, we'll provide additional updates with a more detailed review at our
next Investor Day.

Reflecting back on the past half year, we're pleased with the results the organization's hard work has
delivered in a recovering market. We made a lot of progress as demonstrated by our year-to-date
performance. And we're excited about the opportunities ahead. We appreciate your participation in today's
call and look forward to answering your questions.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary
Thank you, Darren. Operator, please open up the phone line.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So just going back to your earlier remarks about all the discussions that you've had with the Board
recently, I'm curious what you take away from that as to whether you have any new or incremental
thoughts about the best way to drive increased value to shareholders from here? You kind of went through
some items there at the very end. But on the margin, do you feel like you've learned anything different
from these discussions? And if you could layer in some thoughts around CapEx and balance sheet in that.
That would be helpful.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Sure. Yes. Thanks, Phil. Good to hear from you this morning. Yes, I think the one point I would make in
terms of a context to the response is it's fairly early in the process, as I said in my opening comments.
We've only had the 1 meeting with the Board, but I would tell you that meeting was very encouraging.

The other point I would make is actually the new Board has formed at a very good time with respect to
our typical cycle with -- in managing the business. We have just kicked off our corporate plan process that
runs through the end of November. And so we -- with the new Board, went through the basis of the plan
and the objectives that we are setting ourselves. So we had an opportunity for a very rich conversation
about that and what we need the organization to deliver this year and continuing this year and into next
year and the years ahead.

We also have a biannual strategy process that we have in place, which this year, we are doing in
September and the new Board will basically have an opportunity to really dig into and go through
the strategies that we've developed with all of our business, including our new business, Low Carbon
Solutions and the broader corporate profile. So I expect, as we go through this year, to get a lot of good
conversations about where the company is going, the opportunities that are ahead of us and where we
want to put our emphasis.

I think I would say the fundamental approach that we've taken is very, I'd say, it's a very good alignment
amongst the Board. I think they all recognize that the opportunity for us to take leadership role in this
space is leveraging the capabilities and advantages we currently have. And so finding the opportunities
that fit well with where we can add the most value is, I think, a very aligned objective amongst the Board.
And of course, you've heard me talk about that, and I mentioned in my opening comments, the broader
conversation that society is now having, governments are now having around the solution sets needed to
address the transition, I think, opens the door to a much richer conversation about where ExxonMobil can
play and contribute carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, biofuels, other areas potentially that leverage
our strength. So I think we're -- things are lining up very well within the company. And then I would say
more externally in the broader environment.

With respect to CapEx and the balance sheet, as you mentioned, I think, again, good alignment around
the importance of rebuilding the strength of the balance sheet. Everyone recognizes this is a commodity
market with some significant cycles and volatility and making sure that we've got a balance sheet that we
can lean on as we move through that volatile environment and manage the downs as well as the ups is a
really important foundational piece of our strategy, and I think very good alignment on that, and that was
reaffirmed in the conversations we had this week with our finance committee and the broader Board.

And I think, too, given the improvements we've made around capital efficiencies, the work our global
project organization has done to really make sure that we can deliver these projects with -- at a very

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

advantaged cost. And we're very confident that we can do the things that we want to do, add some
additional activities in the Low Carbon Solutions and do all of that within the range of CapEx that we've
previously communicated. And I think, again, good alignment on that, and we'll confirm that as we move
to the plan cycle and have those reviews with the Board later this year.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And as a follow-up, just on the spending side and with respect to your comments, it sounds
like if you were to stick with the $20 billion to $25 billion range, which would be up a decent amount from
the low end of the $16 billion to $19 billion range this year, should we be seeing more of an acceleration
around energy transition spending kind of embedded in that? Is that how you envision things moving
forward versus how you've thought about in the past?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes. I would say that the energy transition spending will be embedded in the range that we've laid out. I
think, though, it's good to keep some perspective in this space. If you think about the comments around
the broader opportunity set opening up in a broader recognition of the need for that opportunity set, so
I'm referring to carbon capture, hydrogen and some of that. That's very rapidly evolving space. And so
while we've got a really, I think, good portfolio of opportunities, some of them very attractive that the time
to transition from the planning and the development of those projects to steel in the ground is going to
take some time. We'll be talking about that and the investments that we're planning going forward. And
then, of course, the steel in the ground will come with time across the horizon that we typically talk about.
And all of that is expected to be within the 20 to 25 range.

Operator

We'll go next to Jon Rigby with UBS.

Jonathon Rigby
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Can I ask a question on the Downstream. I listened to what Jack said about the chemicals and the huge
competitive advantage Exxon continues to demonstrate in Chemicals. But you could turn around back
that comment and sort of see it in reverse in the Downstream where the series of loss-making quarters is
pretty unusual and looks like underperformance versus your peers. Are there any takeaways from those
quarters that you could hear with us around sort of the structural makeup of that business? Or are you
just relying on the cycle for those earnings and cash flows to recover?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Jon. I'm going to hand it to Jack here to get maybe more specifics, but maybe a couple
broader comments at your point that it is unusual given the consecutive quarters of challenging results in
the Downstream. But I would also say going through the pandemic and losing over half of the jet demand
coming out of the refining circuit is very unusual as well. And I think a very discrete and unique event
associated with the global pandemic. So I think that context is really important to keep in mind as you
think about our Downstream business and the results.

The other point that I would just make with respect to your comment or question is, I think when you
talk about the Downstream and compare across competitors, you've got to recognize the difference in
the footprints and the investments in capital assets that we have. I would tell you as you look across our
competitive group, we are much more heavily weighted in refining than some of our competitors. And
so obviously, in an environment where refining margins are structurally down, performance is going to
look different. And I think it's really important certainly what we focus on is making sure we normalize
and understand what aspects are driving the performance. And I would say our capital structure, the
investments that we've made over the years are a really important part of that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

I would also tell you that what I refer to as the physics of this business is you can't stay at these low
levels and continue with the level of supply that has historically existed in the Downstream. And you
see that today with the shutdowns that are occurring in the industry. And so while that takes some
time, this market will come back into balance. And if it's anything like we've seen accrue when that
economic recovery kicks in, we're going to see supply and demand tighten, I suspect, and I think we'll
see a different level of performance with respect to the Downstream and with respect to our peers. But
obviously, that will be a function of that balance and when that economic recovery comes back around
again.

And I'll just make one final point in terms of -- we're not relying on just the cycle. We recognize the
impact of the cycle, but I can assure you that, that Downstream organization is very focused on ensuring
that we're pulling as many value levers as we can in the right way to build sustained and structural
improvements that will benefit us, obviously, in this down cycle, but also in the upcycle.

With that, let me turn it over to Jack. I don't know if I left anything Jack.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Well, I did want to pick up on the refining exposure versus some of the others. We do have at the largest
refinery. We do have quite a bit of exposure that market we talked about in the full quarter, how historical
low that was, and we are seeing some recovery. But due to the jet demand, that's going to take a little bit
of time.

I did mention in my prepared remarks that these new investments that we are making will help and the
recent ones we have made have helped. The Rotterdam investment has made a couple of hundred million
dollars this year and that will continue to help. So we are investing to continue to grow advantage in our --
in what is it difficult right now, fuels value chain, but picking up on the Rotterdam comment, our lubricants
business has done quite well over the past couple of years. As a matter of fact, having a record year last
year and extremely strong results so far this year. So that is a kind of balance to the fuels -- a tough
refining fuels market.

We -- I mentioned the integration of our refining with our chemicals. 75% of our refineries are integrated
with Chemicals and others are in advantaged market. So we're making sure -- we want to make sure
that the refineries we have going forward are advantaged. And that's what these investments are about
making sure the ones that we think are -- have natural advantages we build on those advantages.

And then just in terms of Darren's comment about [ kind of the physics that ] we're finding, we've seen
about almost 3 million barrels a day of rationalization over the past year, 18 months. So it's definitely
quite a bit above where it has been historically, and we'll just have to see how that plays out. But we are
seeing a slow -- slower than we hoped recovery filing environment.

Jonathon Rigby
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And just a follow-up. Darren, you mentioned at the start, you sort of referenced some of the
responsibilities that Kathryn will be taking on when she takes on the role of CFO. I think you indicated IR
responsibilities, strategic planning, et cetera. But it is unusual, very unusual to appoint somebody from
outside of the organization in such a senior role and also somebody without oil and gas experience. So I
just wondered whether you could just expand a little bit around the sort of qualities and experience that
she brings that will add value or will add to the process at the high level of Exxon.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Sure. And maybe just as, I think, very important context, understand what's enabled that change
revolution. And I've talked before, I think, with all of you about the reorganizations and the consolidations
and the changes that we've been making and how we run the business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

If you look at the senior -- the corporate officers in the organization, we reduced that group by almost
40% over the years in terms of as we simplify the business, line up the value chains, reduce the overhead.
We're able to make significant simplifications in that structure and then reduce numbers. And that also
allows us to concentrate and consolidate some of the responsibility. So as we've made those changes with
time, we've been able to shape the portfolio of the management committee members and focus them on
core areas.

And so we're in a position today where, as we've consolidated those responsibilities and focus them that
we're creating a management committee position that's much more aligned today with what would be
typical CFO-type responsibilities versus the past where we had much broader number of businesses
and therefore, a much broader reporting relationship up into Dallas. So that simplification has enabled
our ability to focus and bring these portfolios in line with what would be some more industry standard
opportunities, which then led us through Board discussions last year, to start thinking about how we can
expand the capabilities, the skill sets, the experience on the management committee and bring in what we
think is some relevant experience into a portfolio that's consistent with and shaped with outside industry
experience.

And obviously, understanding the industry is going to be an important role of that. I think we've got a
pretty capable team, an organization that understands that industry very well that's going to support
Kathy, with respect to that as she comes with a learning curve there. But I also think she'll bring in
a lot of perspective from the outside, that's very relevant to the business along some of those core
areas, including procurement and supply chains and some of the other areas of responsibility. So I think
there's -- that change in our structure and approach to running the business has opened up some nice
opportunities, and we think bringing in that diversity of thought experience and perspective is actually
going to benefit. And obviously, we'll supplement that with our industry knowledge. So I think the mix will
be a very powerful combination.

Operator

We'll go next to Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Darren, I'm going to try and ask this as eloquently as I can. If you can bear with me for a minute
to address the 800 ton gorilla in the room, which obviously was the Board changes. The press that
have us believe that you lost a climate fight, but all the discussions we've had with some of your large
shareholders suggest it was an issue of capital discipline, spending, dividend protection. And my question
really is that Exxon is already a leader in carbon capture. You're already leading through the methane
partnership. You've been doing a lot of things for a long time. And you have got one of the best portfolio
of growth opportunities in the industry that can drive sustainable dividend growth. A lot of your peers
mismanage the cycle. Now some might say you spent a little bit too aggressively, the bottom line is you've
still got those opportunities. So can you give us some assurances that just to pick a box, you are not going
to sacrifice returns relative -- on a relative basis across the portfolio?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

I think that's an easy answer to give you, Doug. That has been a primary focus for us for a long, long
time, and certainly when I've been in the job. And as you know from past conversations, the work that
we've been doing to reshape the organization to get more effective at running the business. And then
importantly, recapitalizing the business with advantaged assets and supply has been a really important
focus. And I think the work that we've done in the past has put us in a very solid position to continue to
contribute I think everybody on the Board is realistic with respect to the challenges facing society with
this transition and the work that's going to be required by everybody, ourselves, the rest of industry,
governments around the world, other industries and consumers to make changes on that transition, and
that will take time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

And I think as you look at a lot of independent third parties assessments, they all recognize that this is a
challenging area that's going to require a lot of work and expertise in that our industry has an important
role to play in helping with that transition, but very importantly, in continuing to meet the need for energy
and existing sources of energy. And so that's the balance that we're trying to strike. And of course, I think
one of the -- and how that transition evolves and the uncertainty associated with obviously everyone to
take a different view on that, our view is the way you help manage some of that uncertainty while you're
continuing to meet current demand is make sure that what you're doing is very advantaged.

And on the left-hand side of the cost of supply curve, which is what we've been focused on, what
we've been talking about. So we think we've got a really good portfolio of high-return projects that are
advantaged versus the rest of industry. And so as time goes on and that uncertainty begins to manifest
itself, we think, irrespective of how that -- the shape of that curve, we're still going to be in a very good
position. And so I think strong recognition within the Board that that's the advantage that we've created.
And I think commitment to continue to leverage that advantage as we look at opportunities in this space
of transition.

And the final point I would make to try to reassure you, Doug, is I think one of the -- if you go back 18
months, I would say, the litmus test for whether or not somebody was committed to helping manage
the transition was whether we are investing in solar and wind. Of course, we were concerned about the
returns you could generate in that and the value that we bring to that sector. My sense is over the last
18 months, the broader conversation has quickly evolved and there's this recognition today that more
solutions are needed and solutions that fit into our skill set and solutions where we have been working
on creating advantaged. So I'm confident that as the need for carbon capture is recognized and projects
are being advanced in that space whether for biofuels or hydrogen, that the work that we've done on the
technology and the fundamentals of carving out advantaged there that we will generate an above industry,
above average return for the things that we do in that space.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Real quick, if you think about the projects that I talked about, the Chemical and Downstream projects, the
Permian and Guyana, very, very good, strong returns, industry-leading returns in that portfolio. I feel as
good about that portfolio as I've ever felt in terms of the project returns we have, Doug. So I think we're
pursuing high returns. So...

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

My follow-up actually, Jack, is for you. And hopefully, it's a quick one off of that to answer. It really is
a follow-up on the Downstream comment earlier, one of the questions about consecutive quarters of
weakness, but I would also -- my question, I guess, is Chemicals is hitting on all cylinders and as I
understand your business after over 25 years, Jack, it's been about optimizing between those 2. So to the
extent you can, can you characterize to what extent decisions made to maximize chemicals profitability
may be detrimental in your system to refining? And should we look at the 2 businesses together? And
I guess that what I'm really trying to get at is coming out of this recovery, when would you see the
investments in refining specific start to show up as improved returns?

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Yes, Doug, I think you're getting at the value of the integrated sites and the tight integration between our
Chemicals and Downstream organization, which is absolutely valuable and we can look at those integrated
sites and find several hundred million dollars a quarter of value-add, real bottom line value add with all
these streams moving back and forth. And what we're doing, I think, an even better job in recent years,
looking at that whole portfolio together. And for instance, the Singapore project is both a Downstream and
a Chemicals project and you'll see more of those, I think, where we're involving both sides of the business
and creating additional value there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

So I think that integration, we view as a real strength going forward. As you think about the whole
energy transition and as we move forward there, I think it's going to be even more valuable as we think
about molecule management and increasing the value of all those molecules coming into our integrated
complexes.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

I think the other point I'd add, Doug, is you're right about it's a little artificial to split between refining and
Chemical because you've got molecules flowing back and forth. And the only other point I would add to
what Jack said was, if you think in the area of recycling plastic and some of the work we've been doing
for advanced recycling, we're actually using our refinery footprint to recycle plastic into the Chemical
business. And so it is somewhat arbitrary. We try to make sure we understand the drivers behind each of
those. But where you choose to draw the line, obviously, is an internal choice and we're not thinking about
it so much along those lines. It's really around how do you maximize the value of the whole.

Operator

We'll go next to Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research.

Sam Jeffrey Margolin
Wolfe Research, LLC

A couple of operating questions for me. There's a pretty clear inflection in the Upstream U.S. earnings
even compared to sort of the last cycle, right? When oil prices might have been very strong, but Upstream
had a lot of capital employed and there was differentials. Now all that seems to be out and Upstream
net income in the U.S. is better than it's been in a long time. So I wonder if that's on plan? It seems like
it is because you invested a lot in infrastructure to enhance that. But just if that's altering any of your
conceptions of sort of capital allocation and CapEx tilting here, particularly with respect to the Permian.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Yes. Let me -- I'll answer that one, Sam. I think when you're talking about U.S., you're talking about
the Permian. That's what -- from the Upstream perspective, that's what's going to be driving our results
there. And I think the slide I showed pretty much demonstrated why that you're seeing that bottom line
earnings improvement. We're really improving the development efficiency in the Permian, really hitting on
all cylinders, getting the sort efficiency that we've been targeting for the last couple of years and really
hitting those 3 priorities we talked about in terms of increasing cash flow and capital efficiency and really
driving down those development costs.

So as we look going forward the Permian, we're going to be looking at making sure we hold on to those
efficiencies that we've captured, making sure that we -- those are sustainable. And they continue to work
with technology there, and we see some additional benefits of technology being applied to that program.
And as we do that, you get confidence with those benefits are sustainable, got the technology built in,
then we'll be growing that program over time.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes, I'd add, Sam, that we are actually ahead of our plan with respect to the improvements and the work
that we did early on with the delineation, the infrastructure we put above ground all that spending at the
front end to position ourselves as we move forward. And if you recall, the talk we had about technology
and what we wanted to do there. That's all coming to fruition. And then I think as we move forward is how
do we make sure we're continuing to leverage that effectively. And that's an ongoing area of focus and
discussion because we see good value there, good opportunities, but we're going to make sure that we
hang onto the gains and continue to leverage that effectively.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

And so we have the first train of the large infrastructure plan we have up in Poker Lake is full. And we
have that connected to our Wink terminal and our Wink terminal connected all the way into the Gulf
Coast. So we have -- we've set up that infrastructure now and is starting to click in terms of bottom line
performance.

Sam Jeffrey Margolin
Wolfe Research, LLC

And then just a follow-up on asset sales. You're paying down debt organically at a pretty healthy pace
here. Asset sales were important in prior calls because they were built into your production outlook, too,
and it created sort of a flat production outlook, even though you were reinvesting a lot in new assets. I
wonder if asset sales are still something that is important to the program? Or if we should think about kind
of net production growth with a lower emphasis on asset sales over the next 4 years?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes, Sam. I'd tell you, the emphasis has not changed. And I think the way you've characterized it isn't
exactly how we were thinking about our drive for divestments and asset sales is really around focusing
on concentrating our assets in the areas where we have advantage where we can leverage some of our
organizational capabilities. And so it was really around focusing the portfolio and high-grading it. And that
continues to be a really important part of our work there. And so that whole divestment discussion that
we've had in the past continues to hold.

You recall last year, we said, given the market dynamics and the impact of the pandemic that, that was
probably going to slow the pace of those certainly didn't slow our activities. And I would tell you today, our
activities haven't slowed. And what we're seeing now with additional buyer interest, my expectation is as
we move forward, if we can find deal space there, we'll continue to see those things play themselves out.

Operator

We'll go next to Roger Read with Wells Fargo.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Coming back to some of the opening comments you had, Darren, and some of the questions we've got
on here, as we think about new Board strategies that you've had, maybe some changes. Do you think
we wait until next March at the Investor Day for any sort of new unveiling of what a different Board could
provide? Or do you think, from what you've seen so far, most of what we've heard makes sense, right?
Get the balance sheet fixed. You've already made a lot of changes on the CapEx front. You do have a
tremendous backlog of projects across the Upstream and the Chemicals and Downstream that you've
highlighted here. Or do you think that we're in kind of a stasis and we simply have to wait 6 months to
find out anything new and different?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

No. I would say, I think, actually, we started a different approach last year that was maybe overwhelmed
or mixed up with some of the proxy action that was going on. But we had committed last year to start a
more of a continuum in discussions and talking and put less emphasis on the Investor Day big bang and
more what I would say is a continuing dialogue about where the business is going. And so after we had
our plan endorsed by the Board, we put out a press release that gave some highlights. I talked about it in
our fourth quarter call and rolled into the Investor Day.

I would tell you, that continues to be the new approach that we want to take. I think that was reinforced
by a lot of the discussions that we had with shareholders and this desire for continued transparency and
more engaged dialogues. And so we're committed to continuing to do that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

My expectation was as the Board goes through its deliberations as our organization develop plans and
options that you're going to see more of a continuum in the discussion and the evolution of those plans
going forward. I think, again, I'd just reiterate, if you look at the foundational elements of our strategy,
which is really leveraging the strengths of our corporation, the technology, the ability to scale our project's
organization, the capital capabilities that we have. A lot of those fundamentals, those have not changed.
And the work that we are doing in technology to advance what we believe we're going to be important
solutions to address transition -- the transition, that hasn't changed. In fact, what I would tell you is
there's probably even more appetite around that. So if you think about the fundamentals of what we
can bring to the equation and then what's needed, given that those remain fairly constant, I think I
wouldn't see huge shifts in the strategy, but you may see acceleration, additional emphasis scenarios and
continuing to leverage on those cores and how they manifest themselves.

We're committed to leveraging the new perspectives and experience and capabilities we brought into the
Board. That was part -- in part some of the reasons that we made some of those changes. And so we've
got a really good experience set today and how we leverage that and our thinking and what opportunities
that develops, I think will come out of our strategy and planned discussions, and we'll talk to you all about
that as that thinking evolves and gets translated into plans and actions.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

That's great. I'm glad it won't be months of wondering what's next. Second question I had for you, looking
at the Upstream performance this quarter, which actually was pretty good. And then dovetailing that with
the expectation for the additional $3 billion of OpEx savings, which I have recognized is spread across
the company. But if we look at your peer that reported today, they returned about the same amount of
net income on a lower production volume number. And I know at any quarter, there's moving parts and
doing an exact comparison is a little bit unfair. But it is a meaningful number of equality across 2 different
companies. And I was wondering, as you think about the OpEx savings to come, that $3 billion and the Q2
performance, kind of where you think you are today and where you think you might be by the end of '23
when all that's run through as we think about profitability of the upstream?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Well, I would -- I guess, a couple of thoughts with respect to that, to your question, Roger. First of all, I'd
link back to the comment that we had in the Downstream, not all volumes are created equal. And so when
you talk about Upstream and volumes, I think you really got to step back and look at the mix of those
volumes and the resource types that you're in and the location of the resources. And so I think, again,
while it ultimately is a function of what you deliver, and so no excuses there. It's just understanding that
and what leverage you have to affect it, which ties into -- so I think you start with your portfolio and how
do you feel about that and where the opportunities to improve it are, which comes back to the capital
we've been investing in the Upstream with the view that we got -- we're focused on bringing in more
profitable higher value barrels.

And the divestment work that we've been doing, which we just touched on, which is taking the areas, the
volumes and some of the projects were an asset that you feel like it may have a higher value to others
and shifting those out of our portfolio. So that high-grading of the portfolio and the resulting change in
the mix of our barrels and volumes, I think is a very important part of the equation. And one of the things
we've been very focused on, I would just tell you, that is a big driver as you look across the competitive
landscape, and one of the reasons why we've been so focused on that space.

And then above and beyond that, when you think about the organizational construct, how you're
managing that the focus that you've got end-to-end focus along that value chain. That has been a very
big change that we've made in the organization. And I think we're seeing the benefits of that today and
how we're running Upstream, and my expectation is we'll continue to see additional benefits manifest
themselves with time. And that's -- with respect to effectiveness, and responding more effectively to
market signals and delivering value there, and it's also a function of efficiency in terms of additional cost

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

reduction. So I would expect to continue to see evolving, improving business in the upstream just as I
expect to see that in our Chemical and Downstream business.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

In addition, Roger, to the divestments and the OpEx and efficiency work we're doing, just the profitability
of the investments I've mentioned earlier. There's not any other -- Ghana doesn't have a peer out there
right now. And we have a large position there and continue to grow it. So it's going to make a big impact
over time.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Operator, we probably have time for 1 more question.

Operator

Certainly. Our last question will be from Jason Gabelman with Cowen.

Jason Daniel Gabelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I first wanted to come back to shareholder distributions, if I can. It looks like the quarterly dividend has
been flat for now a couple of years. Can you just discuss if there was thought in increasing the dividend
this quarter? What needs to happen to increase the dividend moving forward? And maybe connect that to
debt levels? And connected to that, would you consider some sort of shareholder distribution strategy that
gives cash to shareholders as oil prices are kind of above any long-term trend you expect?

And then my second question is on Chemicals. It seems like the segment kind of has a lack of
transparency with 2 respects. One in the performance product earnings and two, on benefits to
greenhouse gas emissions. So on the performance products, can you discuss what that's contributing
currently if there was kind of an outsized benefit because of the overall chemicals environment strength?
And what kind of a normalized earnings looks like moving forward in that performance products?

And then related to emissions, you mentioned that the performance products really help with emissions
reductions, but Exxon maybe doesn't get that benefit because it's not like a Scope 3 reduction or your own
emissions reductions. Is there any thought to supporting kind of emissions reporting scheme that awards
Exxon for producing products that helps the world reduce emissions even if it doesn't reduce your own
emissions? That's it. Sorry, I know that was a lot, but I appreciate it.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

I appreciate your questions, Jason. And I'm going to -- I will let Jack talk to the Chemical piece of your
question, and I'll address the capital allocation. What I will, though, just on the Chemical ones. We do look
at that in terms of the product emissions, and we do recognize the opportunity that Chemicals brings in
terms of helping society achieve that lower emissions. That is something that we talk a lot about. We've
-- gas is another one I would add with respect to the alternatives that are out there today. So it is an
important part of the equation that we think about and continue to work. And I'm less focused on how you
take credit for it and more focused on making sure that it happens. But I'll let Jack spend some more time
on that.

With respect to your capital allocation and the dividends, I would tell you that the foundational elements
of our capital allocation remain unchanged with respect to making sure that we're finding high-return,
industry-advantaged investments because that underpins basically everything else we do for the long
term. We're a capital-intensive industry. And so you better be making sure that you've got a good program
of investments of capital, particularly in the depletion side of the business. Maintaining the balance sheet
has always been an important part. We drew down heavily, and that advantaged paid off last year, and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

we're going to rebuild that. So as you said, that's part of our strategy. And then shareholders distributions
have been the third leg of that stool, an important aspect.

And so with respect to that, of course, you heard, we think we've got a good plan on our investments
and the range that we'll be investing going forward. We're making good progress on the debt,
particularly given the higher price environments than anticipated. And then on distribution, it is part
of the conversation and the discussions we've had. I would tell you, we have always felt a very strong
commitment to our base shareholders to deliver on a dividend, a reliable and growing dividend, and that
continues to be part of the conversation. And I would say the Board would like to continue to deliver on
that commitment. And so we continue -- we're committed to that, a reliable dividend and one that grows
with time.

And obviously, if we're maintaining capital in the range that we want, we get our debt back to levels that
assure us the ability to ride through the cycles, and we've got a manageable dividend that's reliable and
growing. Recognize any time you raise the dividend, that brings the burden up. We're going to continue
to do that. But at the same time, they want to manage that, that total outlay in the dividend. And so
buybacks and other distributions become part of that equation, particularly when to redistribute cash. So
that's all on the table. And I think as we move through this year and depending on where prices at, those
opportunities will grow in relevance. And with a capital program that's pretty well defined and a debt that
-- objective that's pretty well defined, you've got this opportunity on distributions, I think the Board will
continue to evaluate as we go forward.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

So back on the performance products, they're -- that's about -- think about that's about 1/3 of our
product portfolio in Chemicals, and I showed you that's going to grow at 70% by 2027. And importantly,
grow earnings more. And that's because that 10% to 25% uplift we generally get on our performance
products. And I think that was demonstrated if you look at this quarter, a lot of -- almost all the Chemical
companies benefited from the dynamics we had in the quarter. But you saw the earnings power of
our chemicals company because of this higher margin, because of the technology we bring in those
performance products.

And the other advantage those have -- when you think about all our investments going forward, these
investments are focused on generating those performance products, and they're not more capital
intensive. This is catalyst technology. So it's not more capital intensive and yet we get -- we're having --
we're generating a product that gets 10% to 25% more margin. So you can imagine those investments
look more profitable as well. So it's a key part of our strategy going forward, and we're just continuing to
double down on that in terms of technology improvements and growing those products preferential to the
rest of our Chemical portfolio.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Thank you. I want to thank Darren, Jack for joining us on the call. I also want to thank all those on the
line. We appreciate your interest and the opportunity to highlight our second quarter results. We hope you
enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you, and please be safe.

Operator
And this concludes today's call. We thank everyone again for their participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

