Exxon Mobil Corporation NYSE:XOM
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 29, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.52

1.58

Revenue  (mm)

72661.05

73786.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2021 4:41 AM GMT

3.95

1.55

1.51

4.66

5.35

81376.38

270880.17

291578.50

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.02

0.60

0.99

1.52

0.03

0.65

1.10

1.58

50.00 %

8.33 %

11.11 %

3.95 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

6

2

 
EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President
& CEO

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Sam Jeffrey Margolin
Wolfe Research, LLC

Kathryn A. Mikells
Senior VP & CFO

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations &
Corporate Secretary

ANALYSTS

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Pavel S. Molchanov
Raymond James Ltd., Research
Division

Peter J. Speer
Moody's Corporation, Research
Division

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Exxon Mobil Corporation Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.
Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor
Relations and Secretary, Mr. Stephen Littleton. Please go ahead, sir.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. We appreciate your
participation and continued interest in Exxon Mobil. I am Stephen Littleton, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Joining me today are Darren Woods, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Kathy Mikells,
our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

The full set of presentation slides and prepared remarks were made available on the Investor Relations
section of our website earlier this morning along with our press release. During our call this morning,
Darren will provide a few additional opening comments and reference a select number of slides from
that presentation, leaving more time for your questions. We expect to conclude the call at 9:30 a.m.
Central Time. I would also like to draw your attention to the cautionary statement on Slide 2 and to the
supplemental information at the end of the presentation slides on the website.

I'll now turn the call over to Darren.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Thank you, Stephen. Good morning. It's good to be with you today to discuss our strong third quarter
results and the progress we are making in growing shareholder value and, of course, to take your
questions.

I'd like to start by welcoming Kathy to the call, her first in what I know will be many. I can tell you
that Kathy has hit the ground running, seamlessly joined the management team and has been broadly
welcomed by the organization. While early in her tenure, we are already benefiting from her diverse
experiences and wise counsel.

Since we posted a full set of slides and remarks on the website, I'll keep my comments brief this
morning, starting with an overview of the work we are doing to position the company to sustainably grow
shareholder value.

Our first priority was to significantly grow the value of our base business to achieve industry-leading
earnings and cash flow growth. This is work that has been ongoing for some time and is built on the
significant changes we have made to our organization and increased focus on fully leveraging all of our
competitive advantages in technology, scale, integration, functional excellence and most importantly, our
people. This also allowed us to improve operating performance, drive down costs and develop a portfolio
of industry-advantaged high-return investments. Our businesses are driving returns and generating cash
to maintain a strong balance sheet and fund future investments. The work we began in 2018 to develop
opportunities in carbon capture and later low-emission fuels plays to our competitive strengths, positions
us to build a successful low carbon solutions business, and take a leading role in driving to a lower carbon
future in hard-to-decarbonize areas. At the same time, we have to ensure our plans are robust to a wide
range of future scenarios, including net zero pathways, and the continuing use of hydrocarbons. Our low-
carbon solutions business draws on the same core capabilities and competitive strengths used in our
established businesses. This gives us optionality and build resiliency into our plans. As the future takes
shape and demand shift across our businesses, we will maintain our advantage.

Now I'll turn to our third quarter performance. The value of the organization's hard work I just highlighted
is showing itself as the market recovers. In the third quarter, we delivered excellent operational and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

financial performance with improved earnings and cash flow. We significantly improved our cash position,
reduced total debt, progressed key projects and set a number of best-ever operational milestones.

Earnings for the quarter were $6.8 billion. Year-to-date, earnings surpassed $14 billion on the strength of
our upstream portfolio and industry-leading chemical and downstream businesses.

Last year during the pandemic, we worked to improve our cost structure by $3 billion versus 2019. That
progress continued in the third quarter. Our structural costs are now $4.5 billion lower than 2019 on an
annual basis, with a clear line of sight to continued improvements.

Strong earnings and sound CapEx management resulted in cash flow after CapEx and dividends of $5.2
billion. We paid down approximately $4 billion of debt during the quarter and increased the dividend,
maintaining 39 consecutive years of annual dividend growth.

Good progress in improving the earnings power of our business, coupled with solid operating performance
in a rapidly improving market, provides a good foundation for developing our future plans We will finalize
our plans over the course of November, and we will provide additional details in early December. However,
I'd like to take the opportunity of this call to provide a brief overview of some key planned priorities and
objectives, starting with our operations.

In 2020, we delivered industry-leading performance in safety and reliability. Our go-forward plans intend
to sustain that leadership position. We also established objectives to significantly reduce emissions
intensity by 2025.

Our focus on this effort more than paid off. We now expect to meet our objectives this year and are
working to significantly raise the bar and reset our 2025 objectives.

We are also ahead of schedule in our work to improve our cost structure. We expect to deliver more than
$6 billion in structural savings by 2023.

We continue to find additional synergies and greater efficiency throughout our new organization. We
expect to keep our capital spend within the previously communicated range of $20 billion to $25 billion.
This represents a significant reduction versus our pre-pandemic plans.

With the changes we've made to our businesses, our new project organization and improved use of
technology, we expect to deliver the same growth in earnings and cash flow as our pre-pandemic plans,
offsetting the pandemic-induced delays. In addition, we can free up funds to grow our low-carbon
solutions business and further accelerate efforts to reduce emissions. From 2022 to 2027, our cumulative
capital investment in emission reduction projects is expected to be $15 billion.

This year, we made substantial progress in restoring the strength of our balance sheet. By year-end, we
expect to be well within the debt-to-capital range of 20% to 25%.

On Wednesday, we announced an increase in our dividend, adding to what is already a very attractive
yield. In addition, given the improvements in our business and market conditions, we are expanding
shareholder distributions by up to $10 billion over 12 to 24 months through a repurchase program
beginning next year.

Our plans are being built from the bottoms up, with strong line ownership and a commitment to deliver.
They are flexible and can be adjusted to adverse market conditions. They strike a strong balance across
our capital allocation priorities, drive continued efficiencies and significantly grow earnings and cash flow
while competitively positioning us for a wide range of future scenarios, including net zero pathways. We
look forward to sharing more details with you later this year and into the first quarter of next year.

With that, I'll now turn it back to Stephen.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary
Thank you, Darren. Operator, please open the phone lines for the first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays. It looks
like she disconnected. We'll take our first question instead from Doug Leggate with Bank of America

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Welcome, Kathy. I'm looking forward to working with you, over the next several years hopefully.

Darren, I want to kick off just with a comment, and commend your restraint against the ludicrous question
you were faced with the [indiscernible]. I'm not sure all of us could have stood up to the same level of
patience for that testimony.

And that leads me to my first question, which is your -- you've got a new Board, or at least a refreshed
Board. And you've now come out with this updated low carbon, I guess, investment strategy going
forward. I'm just curious when the new Board members have got to look under the hood at the relative
investment opportunities, you have the carbon intensity of those, the returns that cash, free cash, margin
expansion opportunities and so on. I'm just curious how perceptions of the new Board members relative
to what external perceptions might be, how those have evolved as you've had the chance to present your
strategy to those folks?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes. Thank you, Doug. I think let me just start with maybe a little broader comment on the Board and
the discussions we've been having. Which I would tell you, we've got additional diversity of perspective
in the Board. It's bringing a very engaged board across the entire group and a lot of good constructive
discussions.

And to your point, I think as folks come into the company and look under the hood and get an
understanding of how we approach and look at these businesses, the opportunities that we have and how
our advantages manifest themselves in those opportunities. I think there's generally I would describe it as
sound solid consensus across the board in terms of the recognition of the strength of the portfolio that we
have, and a recognition of the industry-leading position that our investment and our projects have.

I would also say and as you know, you mentioned low-carbon investments. We launched that business
earlier this year. But if you'll recall from our Investor Day, I talked about that in the context of ventures
that we established starting back in 2018, looking at carbon capture opportunities and then a little later
on, the low emission fuels opportunities. And what we're focused on there was how do we find these
investment opportunities to help drive lower emissions going forward, but do that in a way that's accretive
to the shareholders and one that distinguishes us from the rest of the industry. And so it's really looking
for a formula that leverages our existing competitive advantages.

And what we tried to share in the Investor Day last year, and we'll continue to talk about and spend
more time talking about in the Investor Day next year, is we think we have found a really good mix of
opportunities that are very well aligned with our core capabilities, and therefore as we move forward, can
invest in both our established businesses. Given some of the policy that exists around the world, there are
opportunities to invest in low-carbon solutions business and still generate a very solid return from that,
and then as we move in the growth, manifest itself across that portfolio. Because we're drawing on those
same capabilities, we have the ability to shift resources with between those and make sure that we're
responding to the developments in the marketplace.

That strategy, that discussion that we've been having with the Board, I think, is recognized as a unique
capability that this company has. Our global footprint gives us exposure to a very broad set of markets.
And as those markets develop somewhat uniquely with respect to the transition, we can adjust our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

approach in those markets selectively to make sure that we're on the front end of that and taking
advantage of the opportunities as they develop. So I think there's a strong recognition of the advantages
that we bring to this space as a whole.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Well thanks for that detailed answer, Darren. I don't intend this to be my follow-up. It's just a clarification.
So the $15 billion is about 8% I guess, consistent with I think the other U.S. peers. So we shouldn't
expect a big strategic pivot here aka some European models. Is that fair?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes, I think that's right. And you know, Doug, it's -- this is -- I've been pleased with what I would say is
a broader and growing recognition of the challenges of addressing this space and the number of solutions
that are going to be needed. And in particular a number of areas that we don't have complete solutions
yet, and the need for companies like ExxonMobil to help develop those. And so we, as you know, resisted
what we think are some of the more, let me call it commodity opportunities in this space, and focus
on where we don't have good solutions and where we can leverage a unique capability, and therefore
generate what we think will be a unique returns.

That portfolio that we're talking about today, we're leveraging some proprietary technologies to boost the
returns there. And so our approach here is not going to be what I would call an industry standard. It's
going to be advantaged projects, like we've tried to generate in the rest of the portfolio.

I think as you think about that $15 billion, part of it is around our growth projects and making sure
that we are building resiliency into those growth projects, by putting in the necessary investments in
technology to lower the greenhouse gases, so those projects become that much more robust. And the
returns that we're showing for those projects comprehend that spend to lower the emissions. And then
we've got new opportunities that we're pursuing, that take advantage of some of the policy that's out
there and generate returns. And then we're building and seeding what I would say the development
of a much larger scale projects that are going to require additional policy. And we're doing the work in
anticipation of that, recognizing that as that policy front develops, we'll be in a position to take advantage
of that with projects that we've developed in anticipation of it.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Now my proper follow-up, if I may. I'd like to ask Kathy, a question if that's okay. I also commend Stephen
for the prepared remarks. [ Kudos ] on the slide deck. That's some terrific innovation for your disclosure.
Thank you for that.

Kathy, my question for you is as an outsider sort of coming in, what do you see as the appropriate capital
structure, dividend policy, dividend metrics like coverage and so on, for a company like ExxonMobil? How
should we expect your stamp to be on that shareholder return, dividend policy and so on going forward?
And obviously, the buyback announcement is part of that as well.

Kathryn A. Mikells
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. So I'd take a step back and say how do we think about capital allocation for the business, Doug. And
I would start with first of all, we've got to invest in the advantaged projects that we have, that earn very
strong returns. And that's from Guyana to things like biofuels and the Strathcona project, right?

Obviously, we've been very focused on maintaining a strong dividend. I think the company did a great job,
as it went through the pandemic, really protecting that dividend. And that's a priority for us.

And we've got to have a strong balance sheet, and you've seen our focus over the course of this year in
strengthening the balance sheet. In this quarter, we reduced debt by about $4 billion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

After we consider those priorities, if we've got available cash, we will then look to distribute that to
shareholders. And you've obviously seen that in the buyback announcement that we had.

I think it's important also to just recognize that the company looks to have a balanced approach and
maintain flexibility. You would have seen the company reduce its capital spending pretty significantly, in
part to protect the dividend as the pandemic was ensuing. And so we do have flexibility as we think about
capital allocation, but those are our priorities. Obviously, share repurchase programs are an efficient way
to distribute capital to shareholders, but that's how we think about it.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Welcome again.

Operator

All right, we'll go back to Jeanine Wai with Barclays.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Thanks for getting me back in the queue. So maybe just following up on Doug's question by asking it in
a little different way. Can you just talk about how the new Board is weighing evidence that increased oil
and gas investment is probably warranted, not just from Exxon but globally, against what's becoming
essentially a mandate from investors to allocate capital to the energy transition? And how does that
seemingly dual mandate kind of square with the current medium-term CapEx range? We know you
reiterated it, but we understand that the low-carbon solution and the emission reductions that will now
have a larger share. And that kind of CapEx spend is extending beyond the medium-term range.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes, I'll start off with that. And then if Kathy's got anything to add, I'll pass it on to her.

But I think you talked about a dual mandate. And that's really the challenge that we face as a company,
and I think more broadly as a society, which is clearly a drive to move to a lower emissions energy system
and a lower emissions future, but at the same time recognizing that the need for energy today is real and
continuing to grow. And I think striking that balance and thoughtfully moving forward and trying to make
sure that as you're transitioning from one source to another, that you do it in a way that doesn't penalize
populations and compromise people's standards of living.

You see a little maybe evidence of the challenge there when you look at what's happening in Europe and
some of the constraints as we've come out of the pandemic, with the depletion business and the lack of
investment that the industry broadly had in 2019 going into -- severely into 2020, and still coming out
of that in 2021. And then the growing the growth in demand, you put those 2 together, lack of demand,
lower supply, growing lack of -- yes, lower supply and lower investments and then the growth in demand,
you get these pinch points.

And so I think the Board and management were very conscientious of that and recognize our challenge
is to leverage our perspective, the experience that we have in this space, our understanding of it, and to
try to strike the appropriate balance and make sure we're moving forward at a pace. And in fact leading
industry as we drive to this lower emissions future, but not leave whole communities behind and penalize
them with respect to their standards of living and access to affordable and reliable energy. And the
investments that we're making, I think strike that balance.

And I've been very pleased that the work that we started back in 2018 and 2019 and through 2020.
Difficult to see during the pandemic with the collapse in the demand, but I think today as we come out
of that and you see the market recovery, the benefits of those structural changes that we have made are
manifesting themselves. We are able to generate the same kind of value with a lot less capital and a lot
less expense. And that's been because of the work we've done with our organization and the emphasis on

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

leveraging our competitive advantages. And foremost among those people and the work that they've done
through this time frame and the technology that we brought to bear in some of this work.

If you look at the capital portfolio that we had coming into the pandemic, none of the projects -- we
haven't dropped any of the projects. We're still moving those forward. As you know, we paused them. If
you look at the spend associated with those projects, we've actually managed to bring that spend down.
And I think that's a testament to our new projects organization. So a lot of good work manifesting itself
in the results that you're seeing and in the future that we're laying out, the ability to do what we said we
were going to do more efficiently, and then expand into the lower carbon area where we're finding with
the work that we've done, opportunities in that space as well.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then I guess my second question, our second question is on the share repurchases. So
for the repurchases over the next 12 to 24 months, how did you decide on the up to $10 billion level in the
2-year time frame? And I guess we're just curious about what conditions will determine the pace and the
ultimate amount.

Kathryn A. Mikells
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. So I mean overall, we decided the amount and the pacing kind of looking out at our future plans
and what our expectations were, against the capital allocation priorities that I kind of walked through
earlier relative to the free cash flow that we're expecting we're going to generate. Now obviously, market
conditions have a lot to do with exactly what that's going to turn out to be, hence, the range that we
provided and the range and timing that we provided. But I think you should start off thinking about that as
kind of ratable over that 2-year range that we discussed. And then we'll assess market conditions in terms
of adjusting the pace of the program over time.

Operator

Your next question will be from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

First, I want to get your thoughts on asset sales first. As the slides highlight, you're making some progress
on certain opportunities there. In the past, you've talked about a broader $15 billion program pre-COVID.

And I'm just wondering how you're thinking about asset sales as part of a portfolio optimization or
streamlining over the long term. And does the $15 billion plan still hold as we look out these next few
years?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Thanks for the question. Yes, I would tell you the work that we did prior and announcing that divestment
was really around high-grading the portfolio. And what we laid out was what we thought was the
opportunity.

That portfolio set, in terms of the assets that we're looking at has, hasn't changed from the standpoint
of anything coming out. In fact, what I would say is as we continue to evaluate where we can better
leverage our competitive strengths and high-grade that portfolio. I think you'd see the opportunity set that
underpins that divestment portfolio grow. And then of course, our ability to execute those opportunities
and high-grade the asset portfolio will be a function of, obviously, finding buyers who put a value on that
that's consistent with what we think we need in order to take that out of the portfolio.

So that's work going on. I would tell you we did a lot of work last year, maintaining our push in this space,
but not willing to really push anything out to a market where we didn't see the value that we expected. I

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

think as the markets now recover, a much more attractive market to sell into. And we're seeing the kind of
buyer response and valuations that we think are more consistent with what we're looking for. So my view
is we'll see continued progress in that space, and I would expect it to pick up here compared to certainly
2020 when the market was much more challenging.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And if I could ask just one more question on the buybacks. The strength in chemicals
right now, the improving downstream environment, it would seem like you should be able to cover your
dividend at about $50 Brent looking at 2022, even if CapEx were higher in that $20 billion to $25 billion
range. And then if I were to layer in 5 billion of buybacks, that would be about $10 in the oil price. So it
would seem like the ratable plan could be covered at maybe $60 Brent. And obviously, prices are higher
than that.

So I'm just curious if you think that math is reasonable, and if it is right, that maybe excess cash could
still go to either more buybacks or towards balance sheet deleveraging. Just how you think about those
priorities?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes. I'll -- again, I'll start off. And then if Kathy's got anything to add, I invite her to chip in there.

I would say your breakeven calculations are significantly higher than what ours are. And of course, one
of the issues is we haven't had the opportunity to take you through the plans in development and the
reviews that we're having with our Board. So that's I think to come. But the work that we've been doing
and what I've referenced here so far on the call with respect to the OpEx reductions that we are seeing,
and the opportunity frankly that we see going forward, and the capital productivity that we are now
demonstrating. And I'd put that really in 2 buckets.

One is the project organization, which I continually refer back to. But to me, it's been such a huge success
to leverage what were very strong organizations across the corporation, centralizing that, bringing it
together and making sure that we're putting the best resources on the projects that best fits the need
their capabilities is really resulting in some significant capital efficiency improvements.

And the other thing, the other bucket would be technology. We laid out a plan, and I'll just focus on the
Permian for now. But we laid out a plan there to pre-invest, to do a lot of delineation to understand what
we had there. We were working on bringing in some technology, doing quite a bit of trialing and testing,
which again requires some upfront capital. We put in a -- if you recall what I call the long ball game, which
is leveraging Exxon Mobil's strengths into a Permian, and moved from what was considered a short game
in the Permian to a long ball. And that's paying off, and we're seeing that work that we're doing out in
the Permian deliver the same value for a lot less spend. And that's a function of that organization and the
work that they've been doing to really drive their efficiencies, but also to fully leverage the capability of
the broader Exxon Mobil Corporation and our technology portfolio.

So that's how I'd say we're going to be able to do everything we've talked about. And frankly depending
on how the market is, as you know, it's really hard to call the market. And we've built some plans with
some pretty wide ranges and were robust to some very low price environments going forward, that won't
compromise the capital allocation balance that we've talked about. And if we find the market is higher
than that low side, we'll have additional cash and resources to work on. And I'll give that challenge to
Kathy, but maybe let her talk about that for a minute.

Kathryn A. Mikells
Senior VP & CFO

So just one other thing that I'd address, which you referenced, in that continuing to strengthen our
balance sheet. We clearly intend to do that. And so at the end of this quarter, our leverage ratio landed at

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

I think technically 25.3. And we've talked about the fact that as we look at the fourth quarter, we expect
to move into a more comfortable zone within that range and further reduce debt in the fourth quarter.

As we look out to next year, we do have debt coming due, which we would expect to retire. And so I would
expect to see a bit of a further reduction in that kind of moving towards the lower end of that range over
time. So again, we're looking to strike the right balance.

And on the share repurchase side, what the commodity cycle looks like as we enter 2022 is going to have
a lot in determine what the rate and pace of the share repurchase program looks like.

Peter J. Speer
Moody's Corporation, Research Division

I appreciate the additional thoughts.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So the first one I wanted to ask on is just on some of the cost and efficiency trends. You've done a really
good job executing on some of the structural savings that you talked about previously. I think the latest
message is now to exceed the $6 billion target by 2023. I was wondering if in light of that, you could
comment on whether or not you're seeing any kind of inflationary trends across the portfolio? Be it
through labor inflation, service cost inflation, to the extent you have some of the ability to offset that as
we look into 2022 and beyond.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Sure, Devin. I would tell you, I don't think we're immune to the pressures that are impacting just about
every other business out there all around the world. And so we're certainly seeing some aspects of that in
our business.

If I start with the big spend area with respect to our capital and projects, I think somewhat maybe
counterintuitively, the fact that we were working on those going into the pandemic, when we went into
the pandemic, I think we took somewhat of a longsighted approach with respect to we didn't just step out
of those projects. Instead, we worked with our partners and contractors to think about how we put these
projects on pause, and then bring them back up in a thoughtful way as and when the market would enable
that. And so the work that we did last year and working with our partners allowed us to give them some
certainty around work and opportunities going forward, and we're able to lock in some of market factors at
that point in time.

So in the capital space, I think we've done a pretty good job. And we'll be pretty well positioned to offset a
lot of those and not experience a lot of those inflationary pressures.

In the base business, I mean certainly, the higher price of energy is impacting our manufacturing. We're
advantaged in that space generally because most of our facilities are more energy efficient than our
competitors. And so while that's raising cost across the board with that advantage, we're able to kind of
stay below where the rest is. And of course, market prices move in these commodity markets based on
the marginal cost of the suppliers for the last barrel of supply. So that's we're able to I think that's being
offset with the margins.

And then I'd say more generally, what's left with respect to supply chain and inflationary pressures,
with the organizations that we have in place and then up and running now and then in a much richer
environment with higher margins and more activity, they're able to take the efficiencies and the synergies
that we've captured with the new organization different approaches that we're now taking, and apply that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

in a more let me call it a target-rich environment. So we're able to find those efficiencies and offset a lot of
the inflation.

So think different aspects happening in different parts of the business, but generally that inflationary
pressure, we're managing to basically cope with it and still deliver on the earnings growth that we set for
ourselves, the target set for ourselves.

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. That's very helpful. And my second question is on the Permian, very strong results in the quarter,
pretty sizable increase in the production expectation for this year as well.

I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about some of the trends you're seeing there from
an operational improvement in capital efficiency standpoint? Knowing that you did some of the pre-
investment that you mentioned before that's helping on the efficiency side here. And then also the
cadence of kind of spend and activity as we look into 2022.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Sure. Well as you know, we have this contiguous acreage that we recognized would be advantaged with
respect to trying to develop what would be, I'll call it a more manufacturing approach in the Permian.
So you'll recall we made some upfront investments around, one, delineating that acreage to make sure
we knew what we had. Because I think as Neil has talked in the past about, not all of that acreage is the
same. The reservoirs are different as you move around that the area out there. And so making sure that
we were thinking -- focusing on the areas where we have productivity, but at the same time, making sure
the area that we approach, that we optimize everything in the subsurface and weren't going for just high
initial rates but instead looking at maximum recovery.

And that's paid off. We invested in the corridors. We invested in the infrastructure to make sure that we
are in a position to ones we focused in on, and identified the areas we wanted to develop, that we could
do that in a very cost-efficient way. And that is now paying off. As you look at what we're doing in the
Permian, it is much more of a manufacturing mindset and very focused on efficiencies. And you're seeing
that in the results and some of the metrics that are out there.

And then the third area is, and it continues to I think yield benefits, is thinking about how we bring our
fundamental science and technology capabilities from the broader organization, from our corporate
research group, and bring that into play here in the Permian and in the unconventional space. And that
is paying off as well. We've gotten I think some very positive results from some of our technologies that
we've brought into the field. We're continuing to trial new technology. So my expectation is we'll continue
to see that manifest itself in better production and better capital efficiency. And those would be the 3
pieces of the equation that I think are resulting in the performance that you're seeing.

With respect to the overall activity, what we're trying to do is make sure that we stay within the
boundaries of what I just talked about and not -- as we kind of maximize what we can do within that
space, making sure we don't get ahead of the technology work that we're doing, making sure we don't
get outside those corridors in some of those optimized areas of production. And that's the balance and
the debate that we're striking. We may see a couple of more rigs come on here as we go forward and
staying within that same philosophy. I wouldn't see us starting to venture out into other areas that are
outside that optimized space and plan, until we've done the work to optimize plans around that next tier of
opportunities out there.

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Well, congrats on the great results.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Next one is Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research.

Sam Jeffrey Margolin
Wolfe Research, LLC

First question is on -- back to the capital program. And I recognize that we're in front of the Board process
and things are still being hammered out. But I think the way that the market is conceptualizing the range
is that the spend for the underlying asset base today, including the growth projects, is probably tighter
than the range that you've communicated. And the top end of the range is sort of like a rainy day fund for
special opportunities that arise, either in the low-carbon sphere or otherwise.

Do you think that's a fair assessment as we kind of think about 2022? And I think it flows into an earlier
point about breakeven as well. How do we think about the outflow on CapEx within the range, which
obviously influences that commodity price breakeven assessment?

Kathryn A. Mikells
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. So obviously this year, our capital spending has been purposefully constrained. And we think we're
going to come in I'd say at the lower end of that $16 billion to $19 billion range we've provided. We are
expecting higher CapEx in the fourth quarter and a significant increase as we head into 2022.

What underpins that is further investment in Guyana, focused on Payara, Yellowtail appraisal,
[indiscernible ] in Brazil is now moving into the start-up of drilling, and so more significant spending
heading into there.

We obviously paused a number of downstream and chemical projects. Those are restarting. And so we'll
start to see that spend in the fourth quarter and tick up pretty significantly in 2022. And I'd also mention
that as we look to accelerate our reductions in greenhouse gas emissions and intensity specifically, we'll be
spending a bit more in that area.

So if you think about how that is going to cause us to kick up, I'd say that clearly will put us in that $20
billion to $25 billion range. And then clearly, we would leave ourselves some level of flexibility in that
range for things that we can't fully anticipate as we sit here today.

Sam Jeffrey Margolin
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's very helpful. And then just a follow-up on carbon capture, the reconciliation bill is in the process
now. There have been a few different drafts that have come out, each with what seems like distinct kind of
carbon capture language and incentives in them.

As you think about Exxon Mobil's plan and proposition in that asset class, how are the early returns that
you've seen in these draft bills? And do you think they're sufficient to drive a real acceleration in activity
for you there?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Well, the way I would look at it, Sam, I think trying to predict what's coming out of that political process is
-- I don't know if it's as hard or harder than trying to predict where prices are going to go. So maybe just
spend a little bit of time talking about the philosophy that we've taken with respect to developing the low-
carbon business.

And again, I would start with foundationally the work that we're doing has to leverage some advantage.
We want to make sure that the investments that we're making here, we bring some unique value to and
expect that unique value to manifest itself in value for our shareholders. And so that's the foundation.

And I mentioned this carbon capture venture that we started back in 2018 in low emission fuels. And it
was how do we take advantage of the portfolio of technologies that we have and the skills and capabilities

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

of our people, to find ways to do this that are different and better than the rest of the industry. So that's
the foundation.

Then as a philosophy, making sure that we develop a portfolio that is accretive with existing policy. So not
betting on the [ come, ] not thinking that something is going to pop here and then developing projects
that ultimately disappoint us. And so that -- and given that we've got a really I think broad footprint,
we're able to tap into different policies around the world. And there are a number of governments, since
we launched low-carbon solutions, that have reached out to us and want to work with us to understand
how we and what we can bring to the equation to help advance some of their objectives. And so those
discussions are happening, but I would say there's a fundamental layer of investment that is accretive with
existing policy. Don't look, don't need more help.

Then there's the other tier where these certainly would not be regret investments, but we would need to
see some additional policy to make those -- to kind of give us the returns that we would expect, given
the resources we're bringing to bear with for those projects. And those are another -- we need to develop
those now. Because if we wait until the policy's in place, we'll be behind the game. And so we're being
very thoughtful around developing those projects.

It also informs what we're going to need and so that we can very clearly articulate to policymakers all
around the world, what would required. And it starts us down what I would call that learning curve to
better inform policymakers and then position us to respond to the policy as and when it comes. Because I
think one thing is very clear: in order for society to achieve this longer-term ambition, we're going to need
different policies, additional policies around the world. We want to be help lead the industry and the drive
to lower emissions and then to take advantage and influence some of those policies.

Operator

Next we'll go to Roger Read with Wells Fargo.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to probably a little bit follow up on sort of the questioning that Phil was doing earlier, as
we think about the 2025 goal of roughly $30 billion in earnings. If we take this quarter and annualize it,
-- and I realize that's just playing with math more than trying to push you into a corner. But you'd be
at about 27 billion. And yes, prices are higher on the commodity front versus the $60 [ real. ] But what
I wanted to understand is we look at cash OpEx reduction, that's pretty identifiable when you have the
portfolio and growth component.

Where would you say you are on the portfolio and growth component today? And how should we think
about that maybe stair stepping in over the next couple of years, again against the sort of $60 [ real]
environment?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Let me just start in terms of how we think about that and make sure that we're holding ourselves in the
organization to a standard that doesn't require market help. So the comment that we're making with
respect to doubling the earnings and cash flow potential of the business, we try to normalize for price
environment. So we're not going to take any help from the market or assume help from the market,
but instead assume constant price basis and make sure that the work that we're doing are structural
improvements. And so that if the market is there and consistent, then we'll double it. If it's higher, we'll do
even more than that. And if it's lower, we'll still be in a very robust position.

And so that's kind of how we think about it. And this year's -- certainly this quarter's margins are not
consistent with the basis that we're using for longer term. We are getting some advantage from the
market today. We don't assume that is something that manifests itself through the plan. And so that's I
think an important foundation to evaluate the comments that we're making.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

We talked about the structural efficiency. That's obviously a huge part. And as I said, when we get through
the plan, get that endorsed and when we come out and start speaking and take you through the Investor
Day, we'll spend more time explaining where some of those savings are coming from. That will be a really
important contributing factor.

And then with respect to the projects and the businesses, I think as you look across each of those, the
projects are delivering what we expected, in fact in many cases, delivering more than we had anticipated
for the things that we started off. I'll give you just a couple of examples.

If you look at investments that we've already made in the Gulf Coast and our chemical plants, those are
running well above the AR basis. Reliability and throughput is much higher than we expected. So that's
delivering more value.

If you look at the Rotterdam hydrocracker out in Europe, that was a "new to the world" technology,
upgrading very low-value streams into high-value lubricant products. That is performing very, very well
and delivering well above the basis.

And so -- and if you look at our chemicals business and the high-performance products, a lot of the
growth and value that we see in that business comes from continuing to penetrate the market with these
differentiated high-value products. And the chemical organization is doing a great job at continuing to
grow that and to demonstrate the value of those technical benefits to our customers that they in turn can
realize some benefit from those products.

So those are all working very well. And finally in the downstream, a lot of work to make sure that we
are driving efficiencies into that business and then squeezing, upgrading every molecule we can into the
higher-value segments. The projects that we've talked about in that space are doing just that, just high-
grading the molecules and getting more value. And when you combine that with reduced cost, the refining
business is better positioned.

And of course, the lubricants business, again a differentiated high-value technology-driven product. They
are really doing very, very well growing their business. And this year we're seeing record earnings in
there.

So if you look across one of the advantages of having such a diverse portfolio is it gives us a lot of
strength and levers to pull, to grow value. And so you see that in all of them.

And then of course, the final point I would make is, and I've been making throughout this call, is we're
able to deliver those a lot of those projects and those benefits at a much lower cost and a lot less capital.
And so that's playing into the benefits that we've laid out in the deck.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then follow-up question, LNG markets have gone -- they've been really strong, I guess
let's say, global gas. We know that over the last couple of years, there seemed to be some hesitancy
from consumers' side on signing term contracts. You're -- you've got some projects obviously that are
potentially ready to go and some others that are in process. And I was just wondering any clarity you can
offer in terms of changing customer behavior or willingness to sign term contracts in the LNG market right
now?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes. No, I think certainly if anything, what I would suggest is that some of the challenges that they're
seeing in the global gas market just reinforces the importance of secure sources of supply and a reliable
source of supply. And so I don't -- we haven't seen what I would say is any material shifts in terms of how
the market. And the consumers in those markets are looking at the opportunities in this space.

Kathryn A. Mikells
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Yes. And our portfolio is heavily weighted to long-term contracts, about 80 -- 88%. So we'd expect that to
continue to be the case.

Operator

All right, next we'll go to Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Darren, Kathy, you guys have a unique perspective into the state of global oil and liquids demand, given
your large downstream footprint. I'd love your perspective of where you see us real time in the demand
recovery? How you see the path forward? And then how that ties into whether we're going to see refining
margins back to mid-cycle or above in 2022?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

So what I would say is we are definitely seeing around the world, a recovery with respect to economic
activity. Then of course, with that comes the recovery in energy demand. I would say that it is kind of
stops and starts, so to speak, as you move around the world, with some of variance that we're seeing with
COVID kind of slow things down and then pick back up again. But generally as you look around the world,
seeing a recovery.

If you look across what I would say primary transportation fuels, I' say, road transport, commercial
transport, heavy-duty transport, those are getting back to where they were historically. And so I would say
the recovery, you can clearly see that recovery's in place.

The thing that's lagging, which I'm sure we all recognize given our own personal circumstances, is air
travel is lagging that recovery. It is improving, continues to improve quarter-on-quarter. We saw an
improvement this quarter. And so I think ultimately, when you see that demand balance recover, and when
I say demand balance, I mean across a barrel of crude as it moves into the transportation markets, it's
going to require air travel get back to where it was.

And then it will just be a function about how strong that economic growth is that drives the activity and
in the demand. And that, of course, be balanced with the amount of capacity that's available to meet that
demand. So as always supply and demand balance will be the primary factor.

There's been a lot of refinery closures, so -- a lot higher rate than there has been. These high energy
prices through gas and LNG is going to put some additional pressure on some of advantaged refinery.

So I think we've got to see how that plays out. But our view is this -- the downstream business, when
it has a peak or goes through a tight supply/demand balance, it doesn't last very long. So we're really
gearing that business up to be successful in a very low-margin environment. And we're leveraging and
focusing our efforts on refineries that are integrated with, our chemicals business integrated with our
lubricants business, so that we aren't dependent and reliant upon just the fuels market, but instead have a
much more diversified product slate that taps into some of the higher-value products.

Kathryn A. Mikells
Senior VP & CFO

And then I'd just comment as we look at industry utilization, it's kind of approaching, I'll call it the lower
end of what the 10-year range would look like. So as jet recovers here slowly over time, that should give
us some further opportunity for improvement.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

The follow-up is on the clean energy announcement today. So the $15 billion of capital, how should we
think about the returns associated with that? And is there a target that you have in mind? I'd go back to
one of your competitors' Inventory Transition Day where they said $10 billion of capital and maybe $1

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

billion of cash flow in the out years. So do you anticipate providing a quantification of cash flow associated
with the $15 billion of investments? And how do you think about the hurdle rates in terms of those
investments? And tie into that as you think about biofuels versus hydrogen versus carbon capture, is there
anything that really stands out as having outsized economic return at this point?

Kathryn A. Mikells
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. So a, I would start with by taking a step back and saying we expect double-digit returns across
all of our business, and we don't look at this business really any differently. If I look specifically at the
capital that I'd say is targeted towards the low-carbon solutions business, so different from the emissions
reductions that we're making across our own portfolio, either our existing business or the growth projects
and looking to offset those incremental emissions that would come with growth projects, what I'd say is
we look at that and say we think we can see really strong double-digit returns coming from there. Now we
have a lot of biofuel projects that are embedded there which are supported by policy.

The Strathcona project up in Canada would be a great example of that. Clearly, we are seeding some
investments. Darren referenced the Houston hub project where we have to feed those investments today.

Carbon capture does need fuller policy support. We referenced that kind of earlier in the discussion today.
But if we don't start to seed the planning for those investments, we'll be behind when the policy support
comes. And it's clear if we're going to make more progress towards a lower-carbon future, more policy
support does have to come.

So that is how we're thinking about it. And we see great opportunities in the space that we're targeting
where we think the company really brings advantage. So carbon capture, hydrogen, biofuels is our current
focus. And we think we're going to be able to prosecute those projects and earn good returns.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes. And I would add to that, Neil, if you think -- just take biofuels as Kathy mentioned, the Strathcona
project, that's not what I would say is an industry-standard biofuels project. We're leveraging our process
technology, our catalyst technology to change the value proposition there. And that's true with what we're
looking at in hydrogen. And obviously, we've got some work that we're doing in carbon capture.

So in all those areas, it's just coming back to and the challenge we've given the organization, the
standard we're holding ourselves to, is we've got to find a way to do this, meet this demand, this need
of a lower-carbon lower emissions future, but doing it in a way that's advantaged and therefore brings
value to shareholders. And that, we are not letting go to that. We are making sure that the organization
understands we're going to do both, not an and/or equation.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Very clear.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

So operator, Darren and Kathy, we probably have time for one more question. Okay.

Operator

Okay. So we'll take our last question from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Two questions, please. First is for Kathy. And maybe let me add my welcome to the energy land. You are
the first person from outside who joined the company management committee. And also that quite frankly
for the past say 30 years, Exxon didn't have an official CFO role.

So after you joined, after you've been there for several months, how do you think about the process in
the project FID and M&A as well as the criterion? Do you see there's room for change or adjustment? Or
that you think the current process is pretty good, and you don't really have any changes that need to be
made? So that's the first question.

For the second question for Darren now. ] when we're looking at your CapEx has always been, for at least
that for the past 18 months, at $20 billion, $25 billion for the next several years. So you maintained that,
but your spending for the low carbon is going to be increased by call it roughly $2 billion a year; from
previously maybe $500 million, $600 million, to say $2.5 billion now.

So is the incremental spending is all being absorbed, because you're doing better in other business and
be able to squeeze all the saving out? Or that some legacy project has been pushed out? If they are, what
are those? And what does the low-carbon business that you're targeting I think at 10%-plus return, is it
going to be better than the project that you pushed out?

And what we noted is [indiscernible] is noticeable missing in your press release when you're talking about
the strategic investment. Can you give an update on that?

Kathryn A. Mikells
Senior VP & CFO

Well, I will start. And I guess the first thing that I would say is I've been really pleased with how the
organization has actually welcomed me. You can imagine coming into a company like ExxonMobil, I
would say I was a little bit anxious about what the receptivity would be. And both at the management
committee, I'd say across the senior leadership team and across the company, people have just been
really welcoming, which has been terrific.

The other thing I would say is as I look at many of the company's processes, I'm really pleased by how
rigorous and thorough they are. ExxonMobil puts a lot of work behind things before it comes out and then
makes decisions and talks about those things.

And so you mentioned our FID process, which I think is incredibly rigorous. And the company added
sometime back a process that they call red blue team, which is literally putting really smart people and
kind of competing them against each other to say, "Hey, as we're going to FID this project, tell us what a
different perspective is on whether the project could be even better than what our base economics are.
And tell us what a different perspective might be in terms of what some of the call it hidden risks might be
in the project, and have we evaluated all of that." And that's a process where I'd say we take all of those
learnings. And then the base economics, how we're managing the risks of the projects just get improved
to an even greater level. So I'd say I've been really pleased just by the thorough work that's done across
the company.

And I'd take that even into a different area we haven't talked about it on a call. But obviously net zero is
the topic of the day, and the company is clearly doing a lot of work in terms of its own scenario analysis.
We talked a lot about the announcement we made in increasing our investment in the low-carbon emission
space. And again, all I would comment on is that the rigor of the work that you see at the company is
incredible. The work that we're doing on a site-by-site location-by-location basis and staring at our kind
of cost curves and the plans and how we're going to reduce our own carbon footprint, I just think is
incredibly thorough in detail. And it's what enables us to really stand strongly behind our plan. So anyway,
I've been really pleased, really happy with just how the organization has accepted me as an outsider.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

I'll just add, Paul, I think it doesn't feel like Kathy is an outsider, quite frankly. I mean she's come in and
joined the team. And I'm not sure that anybody on the management committee thinks of her any different

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

than the rest of us. So it's been I think a really nice fit. And she brings in a different perspective, which is
very valued, and it's added to the discussions and the debates that we've been having and we're going to
continue to have.

With respect to the questions that you've asked me, I didn't quite catch the last one. But I'll address your
first around the incremental spending and how given we haven't changed the range, but it feels a little bit
like the portfolio mix is changing, how do we -- where does that come from? How do we think about that?
And so what I would tell you is probably 3 components of how with our evolving plans and the work that
we're doing, in particular the additional spend in low-carbon solutions, how we're doing that within the
same band of the range of capital that we've projected or given all of you. There savings is clearly one of
them. And I've mentioned that quite a bit throughout the call, so I won't go back around that again. But
that has made a difference to the ability.

If you remember, what we said we wanted to do is double earnings and double cash flow. And that's been
the objective. It hasn't been a volumes game. It hasn't been a capital spend game. It's around how do you
do that and do it most effectively. And as we found ways to do it more effectively, that's allowed us to take
off some of the capital spending. So that's an important component of it.

There are -- there have been some shifting, as there always is in this space, and so if you think about
some of the LNG projects, there's been some movement on that. Mozambique and the work that we've
been doing there and the collaboration with Total with some of the issues that we've seen in Mozambique,
that has slipped some, but we're still committed to that project. We see that as a valuable opportunity, but
we're going to have to do that in the time frame available to us with some of the constraints that we see
today. So there is movement in some of those projects.

Obviously, we delayed the downstream mechanical projects. Those are coming back up again, but that
shifted the pattern a little bit. So there's some of that in there.

And then the third bucket I would say is we always left ourselves some, and that headroom is -- continues
in there. So we've got flexibility. We never -- I mean there's always -- I think the question out there about
where we hit 20 where we hit 25, I'd say we're somewhere around there, and it moves from year to year.
We give ourselves a little bit of space, recognizing that things are going to move around, very difficult to
predict some of the scheduling movement around there. So that's how I would think about it in those 3
buckets.

And frankly, the way we judge that is ultimately, does that movement inhibit our ability to deliver on the
value proposition that we laid out? And that is one of the points that why we really want to emphasize
that we are going to deliver on the earnings and cash flow growth. Which is what we have been driving
the organization to do, because we believe ultimately, that underpins the growing TSR, total shareholder
return. So -- And the last point, Kathy, you have...

Kathryn A. Mikells
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think you kind of have already touched a little bit on what I thought was your last question, Paul.
And that was about Mozambique. And our Coral project is clearly moving forward. And you touched upon a
project that we paused simply because of the security situation on the ground, which we'll continue to look
at and revisit over time.

Pavel S. Molchanov
Raymond James Ltd., Research Division

Do you -- you guys are still committed to that? Because I think there's some market rumors that Exxon
may revisit whether you want to be in that project?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes. I wouldn't put a lot of faith in the market rumors that -- as you know, Paul, there's a lot of people
talking. Most of them don't have a good understanding of the discussions that we're having.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

And now we see that as a very competitive resource. It's large. We've got opportunities with Total that
we've been working on. They're committed to the project. We got a working relationship with them as
well as our other partners and our existing -- So I think we'll continue to develop that. We think that's
going to be very competitive in the long term and something that's going to be needed. So we got work
commitment. We continue to be committed to that.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Okay. With that, Darren, Kathy, we want to thank you for joining us and for all on the call. Thank you for
your time and thoughtful questions this morning. We hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you, and
please be safe.

Operator
This concludes today's call. We thank everyone again for their participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

