Fastenal Company NasdaqGS:FAST
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 14, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.37

0.42

Revenue  (mm)

1471.83

1509.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-14-2020 2:41 PM GMT

13.51

2.53

0.33

1.39

1.52

1386.43

5525.81

5851.71

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.36

0.31

0.35

0.37

0.37

0.31

0.35

0.42

2.78 %

0.00 %

0.00 %

13.51 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Ellen Stolts
Financial Reporting & Regulatory
Compliance Manager

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings and welcome to the Fastenal 2020 Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Ellen Stolts. Thank you, ma'am. You may now begin.

Ellen Stolts
Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager

Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2020 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted
by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer.
The call will last for up to 1 hour, and we'll start with a general overview of our quarterly results and
operations with the remainder of the time open for questions and answers.

Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No
recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's
consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage,
investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2020, at
midnight Central Time.

As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans
and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to
update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the
company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We
encourage you to review those factors carefully.

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Ellen, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for taking time this morning to listen in on
the Fastenal earnings call.

Before I start, I'd like to mention 2 milestones in Fastenal this week, and I want to do it at the start rather
than end in case I would be negligent and miss it. Dave Donahue today celebrates 40 years with Fastenal.
Dave, I want to say thank you and congratulations. Not far behind Dave is Lee Hein, who will celebrate 35
years with Fastenal tomorrow. Rodney, if you're listening, I would mention you as well, but you're only at
20 years. And so in 10 years, I'll mention you on the call.

Surround yourself with great people, people better than yourself. Be willing to learn, to change and be
comfortable with trusting others, and you will find success. And I'm pleased and I'm really proud of the
Fastenal team for what we accomplished this quarter.

First off, the team was successful in sourcing hard-to-find safety products and bringing this product to our
existing customers, but of equal importance -- maybe greater importance to new customers. Customers
we don't traditionally do much business with. And I'm thinking of hospitals and first responders when I
talk about that group.

The team was also successful in lowering our cost structure. It's really a combination of our model simply
working the way it works. One item that assisted us this quarter is we've enjoyed great growth over the
years. We are a promote-from-within organization. That means you're finding new talent every day in
the organization. And the best way to do that, at least the best way that we found, is you have constant

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

relationships with 4-year state colleges, 2-year technical schools. And you find folks every day to come
work for us part-time. And so we have a fair number of full-time students that work for us part-time.

Well, as you can appreciate in the spring of 2020, with all the schools closing, we lost some employees.
We fully expect, and we are maintaining contact with that group because we want them back when they're
back in school. But in the short term, that helped us a little bit on managing the P&L, and you see that
shine through on our FTE numbers. Again, that's the model working as it should work in an environment
like this.

And the final piece, and that is, if you truly believe in a decentralized decision-making structure, you can
move faster than anybody else in the marketplace. And I think that was demonstrated this quarter in both
our ability to move quickly on rating and expenses, but also to move quickly on finding source of supply of
critically needed safety products. And if there's anything that you take away from this quarter or when we
think back to this quarter in the years of Fastenal, trusting others is probably the most important lesson,
and it's probably one of the greatest legacies that Bob Kierlin has given to this organization.

I'm going to be redundant here for a second. I'm flipping to the second bullet in the flip-book. And our
5 priorities to the quarter was trust and fairness. Trust each other, be fair with each other, support each
other. And if somebody needs to be home with a child today or a parent or something else, be flexible with
that person's schedule. If somebody has a person in their household that has -- is particularly susceptible
to the negative aspects of COVID-19, be mindful of that and conduct yourself accordingly in our brands, in
our support area, wherever we are within the organization. And it's -- and maintain a safe environment for
our people. That includes our people's family and for customers and their families.

Customers allow us to come into their business every day to fill vending machines, to stock product on a
production floor or in a bin stock. We have an obligation to them as well to maintain a safe environment.
Support the people directly involved in the pandemic. They're the heroes here. Be there to support them,
make sure you're reaching out to them to see what they need and be creative in finding solutions for
them.

Sustain a supply chain of critical products for our regular customers as well. They are the fabric of our
society. And if you think about the infrastructure of this nation or the planet or you think about the things
that you need in your day-to-day life, we supply the folks that make that product for you, and they need a
safe and resilient source of supply.

The other suggestion I gave to the folks, and this is probably a bad talking, was maybe shut off the TV
and get off social media. There's more garbage there than value, unfortunately. Talk to each other, talk to
your customer, solve problems. That's the task of the day.

Going down on Page 3. The effects of this PPE surge and Holden will touch on it in more detail, but the
effects of this surge is -- notably shows up in our lower gross margin. Safety products is not the higher
gross margin product. And our task in the quarter was getting product to market quickly. Sometimes that
meant flying product that should be on a ship. Sometimes that meant using third-party transportation to
move it in a different fashion. It's not an inexpensive proposition, but it brought the product to market
quickly, and that was more important in this environment. And you see that shows in our gross margin. I
believe that will recover as we move into the third quarter.

The fastener sales, daily sales, the hub picks and the vending dispenses, and more of that vending
dispenses in a second, point to a bottoming of the environment we operate in, in April and improved
trends in both May and June. I don't think there's anything new there for the folks to be looking at our
monthly numbers, but just started to share that.

The -- we added 2 charts to this quarter's discussion. And with 100,000 vending devices deployed across
25 countries, I think we probably have a good view into what's happening real-time with this. So the
first is looking at product dispenses. And because I don't want to be in a situation where the analyst
community is asking for numbers from now into infinity, we indexed everything back October to 100. And
-- but it's really about looking at a machine out there that's -- or a group of machines that's dispensing
100 items per day and what are the trends of that population. And as you go through -- and the reason

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

we chose October is to cut off, it was well before the start of COVID-19. So the gold line you see is a
combination of the last 4 years of history.

And you can see some points that move around. So you see the Thanksgiving drop-off. You see a little
surge before Christmas, and that's probably related to a lot of -- we have a bunch of customers in the e-
commerce world, and there's probably a bunch of activity that spikes up there. You see a drop-off around
Christmas and New Year. January and February kind of tread water. And you see based on history that if
we start at 100, we'll have 103 dispenses come early March. This year, we were at 105. A couple of weeks
later, you see the noise that's around Easter. But you also see the direct impact of COVID-19. You see a
dramatic shift as that blue line drops and bottoms out in mid-April at 76 relative to the 100 dispenses we
were doing back in October.

As we move into June, you see that 109 is about the number we'd expect before the dip that occurs
around July 4. This year, we're at 93. So about a -- about a 600 basis point delta. And you'd see, by fall,
we would expect to be at about 113. If you have maybe some nominal inflation in there, that would tell
me our vending business is growing about 14% a year.

Flipping to the next page, now we're looking at it, not from a how much is dispensing, but how many
unique users are accessing machine. Again, using that logic of 100 unique users last October, you can
see a little fluttering around the Thanksgiving. You see obviously the drop-off around Christmas. History
would say we should be at about 104 people accessing instead of 100 come early March. That's primarily
a result of we're adding new devices every month. And so you get the growth because of that. This year,
we are actually at 106, 107. And then again, you see the little fluttering around Easter, but you see the
dramatic drop-off as -- because of COVID-19. And we bottomed out at about 85. The marketplace has
since recovered, we're at about 101. It's treading water, as you can see through much of June. And --
but history says, we should be at about 109, so about a 800 basis point delta. And then come fall, we
peak out at about 119. We'd start a new cycle again as we go into the new year. This is more, in my mind,
about people and employment.

Reason I've shared this number internally. I think it's good for us to understand where we are in the
marketplace, and you can see the very conservative stance we're taking in managing the expenses
in the business, and we intend to continue that as we go into Q3 because it's still a weak, very weak
environment. Holden will touch on that in a little more detail. Fortunately, for us, we were able to find
additional business in the second quarter and make some lemonade out of lemons.

Switching to Page 6 in the flip-book. Our vending and Onsite signings bottomed in April. I don't think
there's any surprise by that. They did improve in both May and June. Vending and Onsite is critical for us.
That's 2 of our principal growth drivers. And they really allow us to build -- they don't maybe have the
same type of impact in the last 90 days or even the next 30 or 60 days, the vending does. But the Onsite
is about building that momentum for growth as we go into the tail end of this year and into 2021. And so
we're very, very attuned to getting signings back because we need that for market share gains as we go
into the future.

We signed 40 Onsites in the quarter. Our goal coming in -- internally, our discussion is all about how close
can we get to 100 per quarter. I'm holding the shared numbers in the past. We've since pulled those
numbers for the year. But I'm pleased to say that of the 40 we signed in the quarter, 20 of those were in
June. So at least we're exiting the quarter with some positive momentum, but it's still at a lower level.

The -- if you look at vending, 100 is the same mantra, but there, it's not per quarter, it's how closer we
get to 100 signings per day. Last 2 years, we've been in the 80s, we moved into the 90s, and then over
time, moved into the 100s -- or moved north of 100. That dropped off in March as well. April was pretty
low. We gained some traction in June, we signed 69 per day. So we're almost back to 70. It's still at
a lower level than last few years, but it's telling me that we can engage with customers in this kind of
environment. You just had to be a little more creative with how you communicate and how you tell the
story.

Finally, e-commerce. Sales grew about 13.5% in the second quarter. They were climbing as we went into
May and June. One thing that hurt our e-commerce numbers during the quarter is we put in place a very

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

strict allocation process for our COVID-19 products, think mask, think face shields, think thermometers,
sanitation products, et cetera. So that we essentially shut that product off from buying electronically, and
you had to call the branch or call your contact to source that because that was our best means to manage
our supply chain of that product. So we had a stable supply for everybody and could hold back the earns
to hoard.

With that, I will turn it over to Holden.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Right. Thanks, Dan. I'll start on Slide 7. Second quarter 2020 sales were up 10.3%. It was a quarter that
was marked by 2 really distinct trends, both evolving from the social and business efforts to manage the
COVID-19 pandemic. The first trend was the weakening of the economy due to stay-at-home measures
and steps taken by companies to protect their workforce. This caused customers to operate at greatly
reduced utilization and even shut down through parts of the quarter, something which particularly
impacted our Onsites.

Conditions did improve as the quarter progressed. A pattern exemplified by our fastener daily sales, which
declined 22.5% in April, 15.3% in May and 11.4% in June. That same pattern was evident in the vending
data that Dan discussed as well as our distribution center picks. We believe demand in our traditional
business is still 10% to 15% below first quarter levels. And we have seen some flattening in those trends
in the last few weeks.

The second trend was a surge in demand for certain products that were critical to governments, health
care providers and certain businesses in handling the pandemic. We estimate the surge sales of PPE,
sanitizer and other products contributed $350 million to $360 million or roughly 25 percentage points of
growth in the quarter. These volumes, which drove 116% growth in our safety products and 260% growth
in our government, health care business, more than offset weak underlying conditions in our traditional
business. We've mostly sold through our pipeline of surge orders at this time.

The near-term outlook remains difficult to project. The reopening of industry is occurring in fits and starts
as customers reconstitute their workforces and their supply chains. And the trends in our internal metrics
and a June PMI of 52.6 are encouraging. Further, while we do not expect a second quarter style surge in
PPE and sanitizer products because the marketplace today is much better supplied, the recent increase in
COVID-19 infections and expanded customer list in key industries should sustain some degree of safety
growth. On the other hand, it is less clear how that increase in infections will affect the pace of reopening.
I would characterize the tone in the field to be one of cautious optimism for the third quarter of 2020.

Now to Slide 8. Gross margin was 44.5% in the second quarter of 2020, down 240 basis points versus
the second quarter of 2019. Roughly 1/3 of this decline related to mix, which was better than we would
have expected at the start of the quarter. While the negative effects of product mix rose sharply, this was
partly offset by customer mix as closures in April and May caused our Onsites with lower gross margins to
underperform total company sales. We expect these dynamics to reverse as conditions normalize.

Roughly 1/3 of the decline in our gross margin related to lower safety margins, a byproduct of sourcing
product quickly from nontraditional channels. This should be fully recovered, though it may take a couple
of quarters as an oversupply of certain PPE, particularly masks, is impacting margins for those products.
The remaining decline in gross margin is from cyclical and organizational factors such as rebates and
deleveraging of certain fixed costs, with the exception of specific lines with unique supply/demand profiles
such as 3-ply masks, the pricing environment is stable. This decline in gross margin was more than offset
by leveraging of SG&A, which at 23.6% of sales was 320 basis points better than in the second quarter of
2019.

Most of our branch network did not have meaningful surge orders and reacted to weakness in their
traditional business by reducing FTE by 9.4%, mostly through a reduction in part-time labor of 15% and
hours worked of 23%. This resulted in 240 basis points of leverage over labor in the second quarter. The

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

remaining leverage was from tight control of costs related to travel, training, occupancy, et cetera, and
produced an operating margin of 20.9%, up 80 basis points and an incremental margin of 29%.

Given still challenging macro conditions, we will continue to tightly control discretionary operating costs in
the third quarter of 2020. Putting it all together, we reported second quarter 2020 EPS of $0.42, up 16.7%
from $0.36 in the second quarter of 2019.

Turning to Slide 7. Operating cash flow of $251 million -- sorry, Slide 9. I'm sorry, turning to Slide 9. Those
vending charts threw me. On Slide 9. Operating cash flow of $251 million in the second quarter of 2020
was 105% of net income. The increase in operating cash flow versus the second quarter of 2019 was
due to $111 million in deferred taxes as part of the CARES Act and higher earnings. $104 million of the
deferred taxes will be paid in the third quarter of 2020.

Accounts receivable was up 7.5%, including approximately $75 million related to COVID that we believe
will be mostly paid in the third quarter of 2020. Inventories were up 4.1%, including approximately $50
million related to COVID that we will work down over the course of the year.

We deployed our balance sheet aggressively through the second quarter of 2020 to retain customer
inventories, while they were shuttered or operated at severely depressed levels as well as to secure and
move critical products quickly.

Net capital spending in the second quarter of 2020 was $38 million, down from $67 million in the second
quarter of 2019, which was expected given reduced needs for new hub capacity after the investments
made in 2019, but also reflects lower vending and truck spending.

Our capital spending range for 2020 remains $155 million to $180 million. We returned cash to
shareholders in the quarter in the form of $143 million in dividends.

From a liquidity standpoint, we finished the second quarter of 2020 with debt at 12.7% of total capital,
up versus the fourth quarter of 2019 due to the March 2020 Apex asset acquisition, but below the year
ago level of 16.6%. We did convert our variable rate revolver debt to fixed debt under our master note
agreement during the period. And as a result, we have about $660 million available on our existing credit
lines. This leaves us with ample capacity to pay deferred taxes and our dividend as well as to support the
reopening of our customers or any COVID-related needs that may yet emerge. This is all for our formal
presentation.
So with that, operator, we'll take questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Holden, just first question, from a comment you made, flattening in the past few weeks. I guess,
depending on whether I look at the charts that are kind of indexed to past points in time or just think
about year-over-year, can you just help me impart what that means? Is that business getting better in
the last few weeks relative to how the quarter ended? Or are you trying to say that you've seen some
tapering? It wasn't entirely clear. I apologize for maybe being a little slow on the uptake there.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

So, I think if you look at Page 4, which is the product dispenses through vending, what you'll see is a
bottom in April that really recovered nicely through May. But over the last, call it, 3, 4 weeks, you've really
seen a flattening in the number of vending dispenses that we've seen relative to prior weeks. And I think
that's really what I'm referring to. We've seen something similar in hub picks. And so I think what that
kind of tells us is, in the last few weeks, you have that steady increase that we've been seeing week upon
week there for 1.5 months, 2 months, really has kind of flattened out in the last couple of weeks. Now to
what degree is that because of the timing of the 4th of July holiday? To what degree is that a function of
an increased infections and maybe people reacting in certain parts of the country to that? We don't know
that at this point. But I think that what I was referring to in the dialogue was really what you see on that
chart on Slide 4.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. I guess if I had to look at like a Fastenal only version of that. So stripping out some of the safety
elements, do you think it would look the same? Or would it have more of a steady increase, kind of more
representative of the day-to-day business as it were?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

I think it would probably look the same. Worth noting that we don't vend fasteners. So it certainly
wouldn't reflect that, but...

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

More safety...

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. But if I think about the trend in hub picks, which is much broader than just vending, right, and they
show a very similar pattern, I think that you're -- I think that's what you're seeing. But like I said, the
cause of it is difficult to know. This chart really -- this flattening really occurs around a significant holiday.
And timing of the week can matter and that sort of thing. So it's really difficult to know what that means
in terms of the remainder of July and the remainder of the third quarter, but it's there to sort of look at,
and we'll see how that plays out in coming weeks.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

Our next question is coming from Dave Manthey of Baird.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

First off, I think that 2021 was supposed to be the year that Onsites would be gaining ground on operating
margin as you're adding fewer to the bucket and as the existing Onsites were improving profitability,
should we -- as we think about going through the downturn here, should we think about just moving that
to the right year? Do you still anticipate maybe 2022, we would start to see Onsites as a group improving
in terms of profitability actually helping the overall margin?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

I'll throw out a thought on it, and I'll let Holden correct me where I go, right? You are correct with your
comment about 2021, and our thinking is the same. I think that there's 2 -- there's a couple of competing
things going on. One will be if our -- if our existing Onsites are at a depressed level and that depressed
level stays in place, that wreaks havoc to what you're talking about. If that -- if we work our way out of
that depressed level on the existing Onsites, all of a sudden, their operating margin improves because
their volumes improve and we're absorbing our cost. If you think of the impact of new Onsites coming
in, actually, that would help us in 2021. Unfortunately, it would help us because we'd have fewer drain
from the new Onsites. We won't have the revenue growth. But in the first year, the Onsites actually hurt
operating margin. And so your comment about mix change is really a function of as we get now 4 years
into this accelerated Onsite signings, and we -- and it becomes a more balanced mix, a lower number
in 1 year would actually help that in the short term. I don't want that help. We want the signings. But
mathematically -- so I don't know that it pushes it out and Holden might have a better insight because
he's closer to the numbers than I am.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think it's for better or for worse, what has occurred, nothing has changed in terms of our overall
view of how this plays out. But what has occurred is we've injected a couple more variables in that we
didn't necessarily anticipate injecting in. I think Dan really spoke about those. Of the variables that was
causing us to think about the timing originally, the one that comes to mind for me is one reason the
margin would get better is because the average size per Onsite gets better. And we were going to see
those lines begin to cross in 2020, and therefore, lead to some better improvement in 2021. I still think
that's the key metric, Dave. And so depending on how all these variables play out over the next 6 to
12 months, I think the key metric is the average size per Onsite bottoming out and beginning to rise
in a sustainable fashion. And is it possible that, that point can get pushed out a bit by all these moving
pieces that are playing out? Yes, I think that, that's possible. I think those are cyclical factors as opposed
to secular ones, right? I think the overall dynamic is still very much in place, very much in force. And
unfortunately, we've had some other variables that get injected into it. But I still believe that once the
average size per Onsite begins to move up, that's where you're going to start to see the leverage and
incremental margins in that business move up. If that slides a couple of quarters because of some of the
things that's happening, it's possible, but I don't think it's changed in any way the overall secular picture
around Onsites and improving profitability and returns.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And it's been a while I had asked this question and mix may have changed over time.
But when you look at Fastenal business today, particularly in the manufacturing verticals compared to
industrial production, what verticals do you see the company right now as being slightly overweight versus
slightly underweight? Can you just give us an idea of maybe the top 1 or 2 there?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

Not sure how to answer that question. The -- we're still a heavy manufacturing company, of course.
And heavy machinery is a big portion of that. Now, I think that's a natural byproduct of the kind of
products that we serve, our history, the markets that we typically address, et cetera. So I'm not sure
that we're overweight. But I will tell you, we'd like to move our construction mix up. We'd like to move
our government and education mix up. And I think that, that's occurred over time. We'd like to see it
happen faster. And so if I think going forward, will manufacturing be slightly smaller in the mix than
it is today relative to some of these governments and health care and educational opportunities in
construction? Probably. That's just us moving into additional markets and additional opportunities and
making progress in those. So that's probably how I would characterize it, Dan. I don't know if you have a
different perspective.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

If you think about our manufacturing business, about half of our manufacturing business to Holden's
point is heavy manufacturing. And a big chunk of that, probably 2/3 of that would be heavy equipment
manufacturing within that heavy manufacturing subcategory. And you picked up, I saw -- I read the
piece you put out earlier this morning, Dave, you picked up on the fact that manufacturing did weaken a
little bit in June. And that's where the weakening was. It had gained some strength in May. It was down
24% in April. It was down 10% and then down 14% now in June. I don't know how much comps from
last year played into that because I just don't have visibility to that in front of me. But that's a piece.
About 40% of our manufacturing business is broadly in what Holden describes on my chi-chi here is
media manufacturing, I'll let him define what that means. That was just marginally negative in June. The
remaining, which is about 10% of our manufacturing, which probably has a lot of food in it as well, that's
actually growing double digits in April, May and June, where it was only growing 9% back in March.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Great. But you're operating in Oklahoma...

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Yes, if you're operating in Oklahoma, Texas or Louisiana, that's a pretty tough manufacturing environment
right now because there's -- we do fair amount of business in oil and gas.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Hamzah Mazari of Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My question was just on the -- on your captive trucking network. I think you mentioned using third-
party transport. Any thoughts as to how you're thinking about freight? And just longer term, what kind of
competitive advantage you're taking network has? Historically, you've talked about optimizing that. Just
curious where that stands.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

So I don't think our thought process on freight using our own captive network has changed at all during
this. What we did do is we pulled -- our lowest day of the week for shipments is Tuesday. So our shipment
goes out -- our truck routes go out Monday night, we effectively canceled those in April. And branches that
were getting 5 trucks, now getting 4 trucks. And we really challenged out those branches to work with
your customer to understand your inventory stocking. So we didn't -- not -- so we didn't cancel Tuesday
trucks and then we freight in a bunch of stuff because we needed the product. We did a really nice job
with that. Now the savings there is in some labor. It's in fuel, obviously. The trucks, unfortunately, all we
could do on that day is park them.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

And so as they go off lease, we can reduce some of those as we go through the year. We used a fair
amount for third-party because our trucking network is really this agile trucking system that lives and
breathes within the Fastenal supply chain. And these surge orders, we weren't selling a box or a pallet of
product. We were selling truckloads or container loads. And so that's what really prompted the need to
use probably more third-party than we had typically because it was just a different type of movement.
Whereas our trucking network, I think of it as an LTL network. It does small parcel, it does LTL, and it's
very agile and nimble. But if you want to move a truckload from point A to point B, it might be more cost
effective, to move it one of our trucks and just drive it there, to move it on third-party who's got -- who
has an open line.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

So the combination of underutilizing some of our fleet as well as if you look at how much product we move
not on our fleet, but on third-party, it was probably 6 to 7 percentage points higher in this quarter than it
has been in recent quarters. And again, that carries an incremental cost to it as well. But it's a reflection
of some of the product that we did move, but those are some of the inefficiencies that get created in the
network in an environment like this.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. And just a follow-up question, I'll turn it over. Just what are you looking for in terms of visibility
before you start adding cost back into the system, specifically headcount? I know you mentioned you're
cautiously optimistic today, but any thoughts as to what you're looking at internally there before you add
costs back?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Every Wednesday, I get an update on those vending stats you looked at, and I'm watching those vending
stats because here's a $1 billion business that touches on a daily basis. And I mean, 7 days a week in
-- across 25 countries across a big piece of our customer base. I think it was on the latest employment
numbers that came out, and they were talking about how they were adjusting and the methods. We
learned more about the methods for doing unemployment reporting at the federal level, and I felt like,
geez, don't they just get Ouija board and then they can improve the accuracy. Here, we have something
that looks at our business every day, every week. It's incredibly accurate. When I see those trends move,
we'll be more comfortable to take steps.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And I think to add to that, you will see some expenses come back. I mean, we had movement, travel,
food, things of that nature, among our sales and non-sales force, that was down 60%, just about 60% in
the second quarter. Do I expect that to be down 60% in the third quarter? Probably not. Will it be down
significantly? In all likelihood it will. If you talk to the RVPs on how they're viewing labor, at this point,
they're still looking to be very tight with what they add back. And as they add, if those opportunities
present themselves, they're more likely to begin by adding hours because I think there's plenty of capacity
in our part-time workforce today to add hours before we have to add more heads or more bodies. So the
-- we're still going to operate, I think, well below sort of the Q1 level of expenses, and I think the market
justifies that. But would you expect to see some increase as the market today looks really different than
what we thought it might look like 3 months ago? Sure. But we're certain it'll be fairly tight, and that's
controlled by the field.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.

Ryan James Merkel

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Maybe I'll ask a few safety questions. So I think first off, any color on why safety sales in June only
tapered slightly? I think Holden, you were expecting maybe a bigger falloff. And I think one of your
peers who reported mentioned that, hey, customers already bought. So they saw safety fall off pretty
meaningfully in June?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

I'll say the surge business was still pretty healthy in June. And I think that really gets to it. So in both May
and June, I would say the surge orders outperformed what I might have expected going into the month.
And that's a positive thing. Not only for us as an organization, but for what we can do for customers and
for the marketplace in general. So I think that, that's great. But yes, I would say the surge orders just
simply were better than I might have expected going into the month.

Now I will caution, I think I did suggest that at the time of the May sales release that we would see some
more in June, they would taper off. They didn't taper off as much as we thought, but I did indicate that I
didn't think that surge orders would be meaningful as you roll into the third quarter. I still believe that. I
think that we've largely sort of taken care of the pipeline of the initial surge. The question at this point is
whether or not there's going to be a second pipeline filling event, right? And you are seeing a lot of COVID
infections moving up. We have a lot of new customers that we absolutely expect to turn get away from
being sort of a onetime supplier search product and turning them into long-term regular customers.

But at the same time, the marketplace right now is much better supplied with these products than it was 3
months ago when the surge pipeline built up. So I believe that in the third quarter, I think safety will grow
up despite the market still being a little bit underwater. And I think that some of what you're seeing in the
market will be helpful. But I think you're looking at growth that's more like 10% to 15%, not 116%. And
that's how I'd characterize the environment today.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

The only thing I'd add to it is there's still a lot of noise going on. Every day, you see something new going
on in a particular geographic area. I think we've done a nice job. Our government team particularly has
done a really nice job of helping the public be aware of we are a reliable source of supply. And more stuff
came out of the woodwork in June than I would have expected. And just last week, I was talking to one
of our regional vice presidents, and he was talking about an onsite we designed and it was completely
related to somebody that wasn't a business partner of ours before, but they were sourcing product for and
they learned about what we do and how we go to market, and we signed an onsite with them.

And so I think part of what's helping us right now is word-of-mouth in the end market. We're still getting
calls. Yesterday, I was sitting in the Board meeting, and we see the text from one of our -- one of our
EVPs of Sales, and there's some stuff come out of the woodwork again. Now please don't read into that,
Florness just said it's going to take off again in Q3, but it's -- there's still stuff that comes out of the word
work. And I think part of it is the marketplace, a nontraditional marketplace for us is seeing us as a very
valuable supply chain partner because one of the things that has come out of this is -- and you see news
-- unfortunate news stories about it.

There's a lot of garbage in the marketplace as far as product. We were founded by a mechanical engineer.
We started with fasteners. There's nothing that requires better QC than fasteners because it's holding stuff
together. When we sell -- when we source something, we're in the plant. We're testing the product in a
way that maybe isn't existing in all sources of supply. And so people trust us. And that's really important
in this environment.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

Another way to think of the change perhaps is, if I look at where the safety mix is through the first 7 days
of the business, so let's bear in mind, there's only 7 days. But safety is about 24% of revenues through
the first 7 days of July. Compare that to the second quarter, it was 34% of revenues. And so you've clearly
seen that July is not going to be where June was in those numbers unless something changes as it relates
to the current COVID infections, and that's something that we have yet to be seen. But I think it's just as
meaningful to suggest or to point out that at this time last year, safety was 17%, 18%, 19%, right?

And so that's kind of the dynamic that you're seeing. And that's why we suggest that you're not going to
see surge volumes in the third quarter in July, like you've seen -- like you saw in the second quarter, but
we'll see how the market evolves.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay. Yes, helpful color. I'm having a pretty tough time forecasting 3Q, I think like everyone else, but
that's helpful. So you started to answer, Dan, my second question a little bit there. But just stepping back,
high level, in a post-COVID world, does your value prop to the customer increase in your view? And then
related, any change in the way that you go-to-market? Or is access to facilities not going to change that
much in your view?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

The -- I think the value prop has expanded, particularly for folks outside our historical customer base. I
mean they didn't know us as well. And we've been serving the manufacturing and construction sectors
for years. We're still kind of a new player in some of the other spaces. So I think our value proposition,
the awareness to it has improved. I think one of the outcomes of this, I think we've proven to ourselves
that we can do some things that maybe we didn't even realize we could do. Because while we have a
substantial safety business, I don't want to make light of it, half of our safety business was because of our
vending business.

And so we've grown great resources in that industry, in that marketplace. But I don't think we even
realized how strong they were. And this gave us a chance to flex that muscle a little bit and demonstrate
it. And so what it means going forward? That one, I'm really not sure of. We had to cancel our customer
show in April, as you're aware. And that's a big event for us because people get a chance to get exposed a
little deeper into the organization than you meet with suppliers. You learn about what we do, how we go to
market. It's a very transparent event from the standpoint of gaining comfort.

Because a supplier when they really turn the business over to us, that's a huge trust thing, and they learn
that this is a group of folks that I can rely on. And not having that, that's a tough one. But we have, going
into the fall, a bunch of virtual events that we're developing and we'll be doing, and they're -- we really, I
think, have a good plan there. We're going to figure out a way to promote vending to promote Onsites, to
promote the Fastenal business model in the marketplace. And I think maybe we'll figure out a way to do it
better, but time will tell.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Maybe I'll pick up from -- I think, Ryan touched on a topic that I was going to dig into as well. In the sort
of the traditional retail world, we've seen a pretty marked shift between physical versus e-commerce.
And it doesn't feel like you've seen that. I'm just wondering, in a post-COVID world, do you expect e-
commerce to accelerate the expense of physical store sales, not necessarily onsites, just your physical
stores?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

If you think about how we've kind of presented the story, and I talked about this, over at the Annual
Meeting and is we really -- when you boil down business, it's going into our end market, and we're a B2B
model. When you look at that business, the bulk of the dollars are planned spend, a smaller piece of the
dollars are transactional spend. And -- but we've really built with our -- started with fasteners, especially
the OEM fasteners and the MRO as it relates to bin stocks. And now gotten much deeper with our vending
is we're really a great supplier for planned spend. And because we have the infrastructure for planned
spend, we're really good at transactional, too.

So one of the reasons our e-commerce numbers are different than our peers is most of the products our
customers buy from us, they don't order. It's there when they need it. It might be in a vending machine,
it might be in a bin, it might be on a production floor. We know their needs. And so it's kind of like that
ad that you used to always see of the person reaching in and grabbing the orange juice and there's a
hand reaching through from the vine -- or the [ it’s not an ] orchard, whatever you call where oranges
are grown. And -- but the point is, if you're really good at supply chain partnership, you aren't ordering
product, and that changes our dynamic.

Now we see on that piece of business that is transactional, be a great partner, and that's where we think
things like our vending come into play. So one thing we really haven't talked about is during the last
few months, we've rolled out about 400 vending machines to the front of branch locations. So when a
customer calls up to order something or, better yet, orders it online, we put it in the locker because the
vending is the natural social distance tool. Bin stocks is a natural social distance tool. So we think we're
actually poised to be more successful at creating a reliable supply chain and yet instilling social distance
because it's inherently more efficient. And so I think it serves us well and improves, I think, to Ryan's last
question, the value proposition because, especially since we did the transaction with Apex back in March,
we now can do things with vending that we couldn't have done 3 and 4 and 5 months ago, and now we
own the technology. So we can take it anywhere that the marketplace wants us to take it.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

I would probably add, I mean, our fundamental value proposition is one of total cost of ownership savings.
And as Dan alluded to, what we try to do for a customer is remove them from the process of doing
something which is noncore to them, which is sourcing product. And the e-commerce path has a lot
of value in the channel, but it still is going to heavily involve the customer in the process of procuring
product. And as long as customers continue to see value in the case of an Onsite and our assuming the
inventory and our assuming the crib duties or in vending, seeing value in the data that comes out of that,
the availability on the -- at the point-of-use on the plant, that's -- those just aren't things that can be
replicated in an e-commerce environment. So in our view, to see a major change like you're suggesting,
would have to see a major change in what customers value, which is to say they're willing to accept more
expense in their sourcing operations than they have to if they use our approach to the marketplace. And
we just don't think that's going to happen.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's great color. And then I want to understand what you mean by the safety is much better supplied
in the market, specifically within some of the nontraditional customer base. And is that because the
traditional distributors into those verticals have kind of caught up and they've got inventory? Or do the
customers have a lot of inventory themselves? I mean what do you actually mean by that comment?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

It's probably some combination of all of it. I think 3 months ago, when this crisis hit, remember, China was
actually down and coming back up. And so you weren't fully producing product at the kind of scale that
you needed to deal with the issue of COVID as it hit Europe and the U.S. And so I think 3 months ago, you
had supply restrictions. I think those supply restrictions have largely cleaned up. I think 3 months ago,
the supply chain was in shock, and it took a while for the supply chain to figure out where to go to get

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

product. I think that the supply chain has figured that out. And I do suspect that there are customers out
there that overpurchase product because of the uncertainty of the situation, and it's probably in the chain.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

I think the last piece is probably as important element of all of them. I mean how many people in this
call went out and bought 6 months' worth of toilet paper in March? I mean it was ridiculous what you'd
see going out in carts at establishments as it relates to just basic household supplies. And when you have
that kind of a surge in demand, I mean, one thing that we did, and I think it's resonated well with our
customer base, especially including our new customer base, is we put in place a very common sensical
allocation process. And we've really have tried to share and shed the light of day of that process with our
customers.

And I think that even changes the ordering pattern of the customers because all of a sudden, they get
what we're doing. They understand it and now they're buying to demand. They're not buying out of panic.
And that's what -- I keep harping on this point, and I'm sorry if I'm beating at the death. That's what a
supply chain partner does, is shed light. So here's how the system works, and here's how and why we can
support your needs and we can be reliable.

And that's probably changing part of the 2 because there's less panic buying going on today. I mean we
brought -- very early on, this organization was able to bring -- bring organization to chaos. And I think
today, the market has less chaos, and it's fairly well supplied with key products like 3-plys and things of
that nature. And by the way, in that particular line, that's also having an impact on sort of the pricing in
the marketplace as well.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Chris Dankert of Longbow Research.

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

Holden, do we have time for one more? Do you want to wrap it up?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

We're good, yes.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

I have already answered because I talked too long.

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

I guess, just kind of circling back here. How many of these nontraditional customers have indicated there
is the opportunity for a larger relationship? Is some of this just, hey, let's support the governments and
hospitals and health care workers in this time of need. And that's going to be just a short-term sugar
rush? Or can some of these relationships extend into 2021 and beyond and kind of grow from there?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

I think our safety teams have talked about probably only 1/4 of the relationships that we created or
entered into in sort of a onetime surge capacity can be forged into long-term relationships. Now when
I say 1/4, look, some of those relationships are always going to be transactional, right, either because
they were using us because their traditional supplier wasn't available, they go back to that relationship
or what have you. But there is an expectation out of the safety teams that only 1/4 of those relationships

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

from the second quarter could be extended into long-term relationships as opposed to short-term
transactional ones. And obviously, those are going to be the ones that are the largest opportunities from
our perspective, so.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

One thing I'll add to that -- sorry, I said I'll shut up, is I think awareness is part of the game for a lot of
these customers, they probably weren't -- they didn't think of us as a supply chain partner in their space,
in their industry. They thought of us, oh, those little guys have turned up in both. Or they're more of a
manufacturing and an industrial construction supplier, they don't really sell what we source. So I think
awareness is an important element here. I believe also what you run into is a lot of those marketplaces,
they buy through consortiums. And if you're not necessarily a player in that space, you're not on their
radar.

And I wouldn't be surprised, and this is forward-looking now. So I shouldn't have turned here to qualify
everything I'm going to say. I wouldn't be surprised to see some customers say, hey, to their consortium,
we want Fastenal in this group so that we can source from them and it's easier because we went through
too many hurdles to buy from them in March or April, and we need to make this easier. I think you'll see
some of that. And I think it has some staying power. But I think it's all about becoming aware to what we
can bring to their table. Because at the end of the day, it's not about what Fastenal does. It's about the
value we can bring to the customer and awareness is a key part, yes.

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

Got it. Yes, I'm glad to hear that there's certainly some real tangible opportunity there. And then Holden,
you touched on this, I'd like to circle back real quick, I guess, Fastenal deals in a fairly high amount of
branch-specific stock in most quarters. But obviously, we're seeing a lot more kind of in response to the
pandemic. Now that these supplier relationships are established, I guess, how does that impact mix going
forward? Is it reasonable to think that getting these rebate relationships in place can kind of help offset
some of that gross margin pressure in the back half of the year?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I'm not sure that there's -- rebates, they are typically negotiated on a periodic basis. I'm not sure
that, that's going to have any impact on the back half of the year. Starting a little bit with the sort of the --
where you're going with the question. But yes, if you could let me know exactly what you're looking for.

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

I was just thinking -- no, if you're dealing with just new suppliers that you have no history with, obviously,
you're going to get a tougher cost basis than if you're establishing these relationships and you start to
work out better pricing. That was the thrust of my question.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Got it. Right. Okay. On the supply side. My apologies. So we -- one of the reasons -- our safety margin
in the second quarter was probably 250 to 350 basis points lower than it needs to be. And frankly, lower
than it was in Q1 and last year. And that is significantly because of some of the things that you're talking
about. Now going forward, we've certainly introduced ourselves to new suppliers and they to us, and we'll
no doubt vet those suppliers. And if there are suppliers that are worth carrying forward, going forward,
then I'm sure we'll do that. And we'll do that in a more traditional relationship. Maybe there'll be rebates in
there or maybe there'll be a different agreement on pricing. As 2 parties begin to trust each other, I think
that it becomes easier to optimize that relationship, and that can happen.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

But worst-case scenario, again, as the marketplace normalizes, we will go back to our normal dynamics
with our normal suppliers, with our normal means of transporting product about. And I would expect that
we will get that 250 to 350 basis points back. Now will that happen in 3Q? Probably not. Because as I
talked about, we do have some product in inventory that -- where some of the price/cost dynamics are
a little bit challenging. And I think we have to work through that over the course of the year. And again,
there's probably going to be some additional COVID-type business that happens based on the infection
rates. And so do I think we get the 250 to 350 back in the third quarter? Probably not. But I think we'll
make substantial progress. And I think we'll normalize things as the year progresses in that particular
product line.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

I was just going to say it's 2 minutes to the hour. Again, thank you for everybody for participating in the
call today. My thanks to the Blue Team at Fastenal for what you did in the last 3, 4 months of setting your
personal fears aside at times and pursuing the goal of -- we have a strong conservative balance sheet. We
can make use of it in this environment to create a fast -- to create speed and resilient supply chain. And
everybody needs a purpose and a reason to get up in the morning. I think we found a great purpose for
the last 4 months. And thank you.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect
your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

