Fastenal Company NasdaqGS:FAST
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 13, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.37

0.37

0.00

0.43

1.53

1.71

Revenue  (mm)

1422.45

1417.00

(0.38 %)

1556.00

5800.50

6354.44

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-13-2021 2:05 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.37

0.38

0.33

0.37

0.42

0.38

0.34

0.37

SURPRISE

13.51 %

0.00 %

3.03 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Ellen Stolts
Financial Reporting & Regulatory
Compliance Manager

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Jacob Frederick Levinson
Melius Research LLC

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kevin James Marek
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Fastenal Company's 2021 First Quarter Earnings Results Conference.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Ellen Stolts of Fastenal. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Ellen Stolts
Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager

Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2021 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by
Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The
call will last for up to 1 hour, and we'll start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations
with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers.

Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No
recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's
consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage,
investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2021, at
midnight Central Time.

As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans
and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to
update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the
company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and
we encourage you to review those factors carefully.

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Ellen, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our Q1 earnings call. I
will take you to -- we have our annual meeting a week from Saturday. And because of that and to much --
most people's great satisfaction, I'll not tell a story this morning and we'll get right into the quarter.

If I go to Page 3 of the flip book -- but rest assured, if you participate in our annual meeting next
weekend, I will tell a story or 2. If I go to Page 3 of our flip book, so our diluted earnings per share were
$0.37 in the quarter, an increase of 3.7%. Net sales were up 3.7% as well. On a daily basis, they were
up 5.3%. Some things stand out for me when I think of this quarter. Obviously, we had the storms in
February and a massive storm, much more than we've seen in years past. But winter is like that. It has
storms and it impacts our numbers.

Probably the most meaningful impact though and larger than the storms was the fact that we had 1
less calendar day, 63 versus 64, I believe. And that might not seem like a big deal in the scheme of
life but we do about $23 million a day. And that day, we missed -- most of our expenses center on the
month, whether it's rent or payroll or things like that, they center on a period of time. And so most of our
expenses are still here despite the fact we have 1 less day. So if I assume $0.30 to $0.40 of that $1 lost in
that day would flow to the bottom line, that's about a $7 million to $9 million impact to the quarter, and so
can have a very meaningful impact.

I point that out only because Q4 has a similar anomaly. 2021 is a weird year. We lose 2 business days, 1 in
the first quarter and 1 in the fourth. And I point that out just to make sure we're aware of that. But very
impressed with what our team is doing to manage expenses and to grow the business in this environment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

Additional item in the quarter, we wrote down about $8 million worth of 3-ply masks. Now 3-ply masks
is not historically a product line or a product we sell much within Fastenal. As Holden mentioned in the
release, from April of 2020 to March of 2021, we sold roughly $110 million worth of 3-ply masks. So it was
about 2% of our sales over the last 12 months. That's a sign of the pandemic.

And what we did as a supply chain partner in the marketplace is we went out last spring and locked up
supply. We were willing to spend dollars to buy a sizable amount of inventory. We knew it was a risky
venture going into it, but we felt it was the right thing to do for our customers, for our employees. And
quite frankly, being in a strong position, we felt would also serve society quite well. And if I had a do-over,
I'd do it again. I think it was a great decision. Our team did a great job.

But I think it also demonstrated to our customers and to potential customers what we are about as a
supply chain partner, and we're willing to do things like that in this type of environment. So not only did
we have the operational capability to handle it, we have the financial capability to do it and we have the
sense of prioritization to also do it. It requires all 3. And so I'm really impressed with the team.

I have to say earlier this morning, I chuckled out reading through, I think Adam Uhlman and Dave
Manthey sent out reports earlier this morning, and I really had a kick out of Dave Manthey's. I believe it
was bullet #3 where he commented, "While FAST does not report adjusted anything," core gross margin,
he went on to explain the impact of the $8 million. You are absolutely correct. We do not report adjusted
anything. We are not an acquisitive company. We're not a manufacturer that's leveraging and talking
about EBITDA. We're a distributor, and I don't think distributors in our position should be doing that. And
I'm really proud of what we've done and with how it positions us going forward.

I also think the write-down of inventory. It's still great inventory. The write-down of inventory is one of the
most -- is one of the bullish -- most bullish comments we could make as an organization internally and
externally because we believe the market is going to change for masks in the months to come because we
believe the economy is healing. And that's showing up, as you see in our next bullet, when we talk about
FAST in our daily growth.

So we grew about 4% in the first quarter but it was 14% in March. Now before you get too excited about
that number, that is a bit of a comp issue as well. So I think sequential has a lot more to tell the story.
Just like we saw a decade ago in 2009, sequential was what it's about. January to March, our sequential
fasteners grew -- sequentially, our fasteners grew 7.1%. If I go back to ignore 2020 and go back to the
years before that, 2015-2019, on average, we grew 4.9%. That's a sign of the strength in the economy.
And that's what led us to write down the masks because we see the market changing. And we saw very
good sequential patterns in our manufacturing, particularly in our heavy manufacturing end markets.

We also mentioned in the release that we are seeing increasing supply chain pressure. I don't think that
should come as a surprise to anybody. I suspect everybody, regardless of where you live on the planet,
saw that ship in the Suez Canal sitting cockeyed for about 5, 6 -- I think almost 5 days. That's merely a
very visual thing that we're seeing in ports around North America, we're seeing in ports around the world.
And there's a lot of constraint. And constraint and rising activity create one thing, and that is inflationary
pressures. And we are seeing that.

Pretty nominal impact to the first quarter. We do anticipate seeing a larger impact as we move into Q2 and
Q3. As we saw in much of 2020 and it's continued in 2021, the team, whether that be our local team, our
district and regional leadership, our finance teams, did a wonderful job managing working capital and as a
result, very, very strong cash flow performance.

Flipping on to Page 4. While we're not back to pre-pandemic signings, we saw improvement in the signings
of Onsites and we signed 68 in the quarter. Again, that's our highest number since pandemic began. We
ended the quarter with 1,285 active sites, an increase of 9% over last year. The daily sales in that Onsite
business grew mid- to high single digits. And the only problematic area, if you will, in the quarter is, A,
the level of signings, which is improving, but also the older Onsites are still sluggish and that's really a
reflection of that underlying customer base, but the momentum is improving as we went through the
quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

Holden did soften a bit, the signings, and that's more of a function of the current environment we operate
in, has nothing to say about the long-term opportunity we see in this piece of our business. We're very
excited about the Onsite business.

FMI, and hopefully, you've gotten -- you've adjusted to some of the new reporting that Holden has, I'll let
him dig into that in a little more detail. I think he did a nice job explaining it in the release. I think he did
a nice job explaining it in our annual report. With the acquisition of the Apex Technologies a year ago, and
with additional pieces that our team has built, FMI has moved beyond being strictly vending to a much
wider swath of business. We're really excited about that. Like Onsite, FMI requires strong engagement
with the customer. It also requires going into customers' facilities.

One thing that surprised me probably more in the last 12 months of anything is the willingness
of customers to continue signing Onsites, to continue signing vending even at a lower level in an
environment where you wanted to kind of lock up your facility and keep it safe for your employees. We
have been -- during this entire time frame, we have been welcomed into customers' facilities to replenish
bins, to replenish line stocking, to replenish vending. And we're seeing that open up more and more each
and every day.

Flipping to e-commerce. E-commerce daily sales rose 35% in the quarter. Our large customer-oriented EDI
was up almost 38%, and our web sales were up 29%.

With that, I'll switch it over to Holden.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thank you, Dan. Starting on Slide 5 of the flip book. Total and daily sales were up 3.7% and 5.3%,
respectively, in the first quarter of 2021. The severe storms that affected the U.S. in February reduced
growth in the quarter by 50 to 100 basis points. Demand improved for our traditional manufacturing and
construction customers. For instance, manufacturing is up 5.6% in the first quarter but accelerated to up
10.8% in March. Construction was down 7.5% in the first quarter but improved to flat in March.

Fasteners are a great bellwether of activity. And as Dan noted, the rate of change between January and
March of 2021 well exceeded the typical pattern. We saw similar patterns in vended safety products and
total and heavy manufacturing industries. So yes, comparisons began to ease in March, but even so, it's
clear that underlying demand growth is improving at an accelerating pace as well.

Now the counterbalance to gains in our traditional business is moderating demand for COVID-related
product. Daily sales of safety products were up 14.7% in the first quarter of 2021 but that slowed up
3.2% in March. We have seen daily sales of non-vended respirators and gloves, which were heavily
pandemic-oriented, ease over the past few months. Daily sales to government customers were up 37.3%
in the first quarter of 2021 but that slowed up 14.5% in March. This pattern will become more pronounced
in the second quarter of 2021, given the absence of surge sales that we had in the second quarter last
year.

Our long-term goal, however, is to retain customers that engaged with us for the first time during the
pandemic. Along those lines, 26% of the customers who bought PPE from us for the first time in the
second quarter last year continued to buy from us in the first quarter, contributing more than $60 million
in sales.

The primary area that is still being restrained by COVID-related accommodations are growth driver
signings, as Dan discussed earlier. We do not believe market receptivity to our growth drivers has
changed. As access to facilities and key decision makers continues to improve as it did in the first quarter,
we believe signings activity will as well.

When we look at the second quarter of '21, we see quarterly growth that is flat to slightly down. As you
know, we do not traditionally provide forward guidance. However, given the convergence of accelerating
demand in our traditional markets, share gains in safety and the absence of $350 million to $360 million in
surge sales, we just felt some perspective on an unusual comparison would be useful.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

Now over to Slide 6. Gross margin was 45.4% in the first quarter of '21, down 120 basis points versus the
first quarter of 2020. Roughly half of this decline related to the mask write-down addressed earlier. The
remainder is split between customer mix and lower product margins in fasteners and safety. For fasteners,
lower-margin OEM is growing faster than other categories, which is likely to continue. However, pressure
related to a couple of large customer implementations and from spot buys to manage the tight supply
chains should ease in the second and third quarters of 2021.

In safety, PPE sales to government remain meaningful and carry lower margins. While the margin on this
business may remain lower, likely improvement in the nongovernment mix in upcoming quarters relative
to the first quarter should benefit the overall product margin.

The decline in gross margin was matched by 120 basis points of SG&A leverage, producing an operating
margin in the first quarter of 2021 of 19.8%, flat with the prior year. Excluding the write-down, it would
have leveraged nicely in the first quarter of 2021. This leverage continues to be a function of good
control of headcount, branch reductions, lower selling-related transportation expenses and reduction of
discretionary spend such as travel and supplies.

Our incremental margin was 18% but excluding the write-down would have been roughly 33%. The
organization managed costs effectively in the first quarter of '21, and we believe that will continue.
However, remember that in the second quarter of 2021, the comparisons will get tougher as we
anniversary the first period to have been affected by the pandemic and the related cost savings measures.
At the same time, demand is improving, which will likely bring incremental investment in the business.
As a result, relative to the adjusted incremental margin of 33%, we would expect incremental margins to
moderate in future quarters. Putting it all together, we reported first quarter 2021 EPS of $0.37, up 3.7%
from $0.35 in the first quarter of 2020.

Now turning to Slide 7. Operating cash flow of $275 million in the first quarter of 2021 was 131% of net
income. Year-over-year, accounts receivable was up 2.1% while inventories were down 3%. Sequentially,
our working capital expanded more slowly than is historically typical. This is due in part to improving
receivables quality, lower branch count and initiatives to improve the flow of our internal logistics, reduce
slow-moving product and make local inventory more efficient. We believe these represent improvements
in our working capital that will be sustained. However, less welcome was tightening global supply chains,
which contributed to our hubs having about $15 million less in inventory on hand than we had intended.

Net capital spending in the first quarter of 2021 was $30 million, down from $47 million in the first quarter
of 2020. This was largely from lower vending spend, which was a product of lower signings over the
past 12 months and better device costs stemming from the Apex asset acquisition. Our 2021 net capital
spending range is unchanged between $170 million to $200 million.

We returned cash to shareholders in the quarter in the form of $161 million in dividends. And from a
liquidity standpoint, we finished the first quarter of 2021 with net debt at 2.2% of total capital, down from
9.5% in the year-ago period and 5.1% versus the fourth quarter of 2020. Essentially all of our revolver
remains available for use.

Now before moving into Q&A, I wanted to address a couple of subjects of current interest. First, we are
experiencing significant material cost inflation, particularly for steel, fuel and transportation costs. This did
not have a material impact on the first quarter of 2021. Price contributed 60 to 90 basis points to growth
and the impact of price cost on margin was immaterial. However, we are instituting broad and material
pricing actions in the second quarter of 2021 that will likely lift pricing contribution over the course of the
year. Customers never like higher prices, of course, but they are busy in seeing increases throughout the
supply chain. Further, the tools and processes we have developed, including data for our customers, has
never been more effective. The environment today is receptive.

Second, we are also impacted by tightening global and domestic supply chains. On the sales side, certain
of our customers are not operating as fully as they could be due to shortage of components. On the cost
and service side, moving product has become increasingly costly, and lead times have lengthened, causing
product shortages in our hubs. These shortages have been overcome with spot buys made in the field that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

have allowed us to sustain service but at lower margins. We believe this dynamic could persist through
2021, though perhaps not quite as intensely in the second half as we are experiencing currently.

That is all for our formal presentation. So with that, operator, we'll take questions.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

We have one other comment. Before we switch over to Q&A, in the last several quarters, I've shared
with you our employee COVID numbers and I neglected to mention that earlier. And I just wanted to run
through these with you. So since the start of COVID-19, we have had 1,685 cases within the Fastenal Blue
Team family. With just over 20,000 employees, that's roughly 8.5% of our employees contracted COVID.

I consider that a low number when you look at the fact that unlike many organizations, our employees
didn't have the luxury of being able to work out of a room in their basement or a home office. Our
employees go to work every day and work in a manufacturing facility, a distribution center, work in
a branch or Onsite location or drive a truck. And so they're actively engaged with customers in their
environment.

If I look at the peak, our peak period was November of 2020. We had 430 cases or roughly 86 per week.
To give you a contrast, in March of 2021, we had 102 cases or 26 per week, a drop of 70%. We think
that is a sign of what's happening in the underlying marketplace and makes us bullish as we look out into
2021.
We'll switch over to Q&A now, please.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Jake Levinson of Melius Research.

Jacob Frederick Levinson
Melius Research LLC

Just wanted to -- I know, Holden, you touched on pricing a little bit in the quarter, but maybe you can just
give us a sense of what the pricing environment looks like more broadly, and if you can put a finer point
on what you're expecting for either the next couple of quarters or the year.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, I think the way we described it was simply an environment where you're seeing an increase
in costs around transportation. You're seeing it in steel, you're seeing it in fuel and that ultimately goes
through plastics. So I think in general, we're seeing an inflationary environment, and I suspect that, that
doesn't surprise anybody.

It also shouldn't surprise anybody, I believe, that we're going to react to that a number of ways, but a part
of that is going to involve pricing behavior. And so in the second quarter, we're going to have to institute
some price increases as a means of mitigating things. So when I talked about the 60 to 90 basis points of
impact from price in the first quarter, I do expect that to be higher as we get into the second half of this
year.

Now will it be outside of our normal sort of 0% to 2% range? No, I don't think it will be. I don't think
it's anything of that order of magnitude. And I think that our objectives remain the same and that is to
neutralize the impact on our margin and essentially stay even within the marketplace. And I think those
are our goals. But in order to do that, obviously, we'll have to take actions, given where the market is
today.

I guess the good news, maybe let us call it the news, is that right now, our customers are really busy.
Our customers are seeing these types of actions from a lot of different quarters. And so there's always a
conversation. This is an environment where inevitably customers for -- within these supply chains start
wondering if there's other places that they could get a better piece price, and that's the kind of thing that
happens in the marketplace and during periods of inflation. But we're not seeing anything unusual or
different in the marketplace in terms of an inflationary environment than I think we've experienced in the
past, and we expect to be able to manage through it.

Jacob Frederick Levinson
Melius Research LLC

That's helpful color. And maybe just as a follow-up, and I know, obviously, there's some pretty well-
publicized supply chain challenges out there. But has it changed how you guys are thinking about working
capital? Is there -- are you carrying extra buffer inventory or anything like that to kind of manage through
the speed bumps, if you will?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

You know what, here's what I'd say about that. If we could -- we were probably $15 million, maybe a
little bit more light in the hubs, versus what we would have expected to be going into the quarter. And the
reason for that is because we simply couldn't -- we couldn't move product from where it was into our hubs
as quickly as demand began to accelerate. And so to the question of, are we carrying a bunch of buffer
inventory? No, I wouldn't say that we are carrying a bunch of buffer inventory. I'm not sure there's a lot of
buffer inventory in the channel.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

But what I think is impressive about what our field does is, culturally, we have always empowered
individuals in our business units to make very independent decisions. And this is not the first time that
they have been called upon to go out and source product where we haven't been able to provide it out of
the hub in certain cases.

And when I sort of send out the survey to the RVPs, one of the comments that came through loud and
clear is whatever supply chain disruptions are happening at the customer level, it's not because we aren't
getting them product. We are managing to source product locally in the field and we're continuing to keep
up with things. But it does involve a lot more effort and time sourcing that product. But I think that's one
of the strengths of the organization.

And so supply chain is not unique to Fastenal in terms of the tightness that's out there. But I think we're
uniquely structured to manage it and navigate it. I think we saw that in Q1 and I think that's good for a
-- in terms of market share gains over time. It does have a little bit of a margin impact, right? I mean
sourcing outside our supply chain isn't quite as profitable as sourcing within it. And you saw some of that
in the fastener line. But as we normalize the supply chain as you go through the year, to the extent we
can, I think you'll see that effect moderate.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

I'll just add a comment, and that is when I think of environments like this historically, I -- as many of you
know, I have a financial background, so being at an organization that has months of inventory on hand
because of our network and how we operate, while it's an expensive way to operate, it's also an incredibly
resilient way to operate. I think that shined through in 2020. I think that has shined through in the years
past when there's a little bit of chaos going on in the supply chain.

It allows us to be a little bit more agile because we do have some inventory on the shelf. What we're
really seeing in changes is, and I mentioned it to our own employees on an internal video, historically,
our supply chain team might be pinging branches with reorder points that are 90 days out, 100 days out,
110 days out. What our supply chain teams are doing, we're going out even further. We're going out into
August and September. And we're pinging folks and saying, "Hey, we might want to order this now. We
might want to do some things now, get it in motion now because there are some disruptions. We want to
be in queue for product."

One thing that has historically helped us for being in queue for product, we're an organization that is
known in the industry for being incredibly responsive to paying its bills. We have a strong cash position.
We can move faster than anybody else as a result. And that positions us well. And history has told, being
in environments like this, I believe it tips to scale towards Fastenal a bit on its ability to take market share
because we will have inventory, we will have opportunities and abilities to move in the marketplace that
some of our competitors won't. And I'm primarily talking about a lot of the more local competitors as
opposed to some of the national players.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Chris Snyder of UBS.

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I guess starting with the $8 million PPE inventory write-down. Does this clear the decks, so to speak, or
is there a risk of additional write-downs in Q2? And then could you maybe just help frame how you think
about the gross margin trajectory as you move past that?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

No, it doesn't clear the decks. The fact is it's still a good product and it's still moving. The only difference
in the market is that the value of it relative to when we purchased it is lower today than it was, and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

that's just about market dynamics. So a full write-off of that wouldn't have been appropriate or frankly
necessary. So that's probably how I'd characterize that.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Only thing I would add is masks for -- the 3-ply masks was a unique item for us. There aren't other
products that are like that and where we went out and bought that kind of supply. And so from that
standpoint, we've priced this now where it can more easily sell in the marketplace. Our local teams are
motivated to grow their business and grow it profitably if we have expensive inventory in the shelf and
that could spend a lot of time trying to sell it. And we want that inventory to turn.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

So I think your question was, in part, is there a risk of another write-down? I mean the product that's on
the shelf is good product for the next 15 months. And the expectation is that we'll be able to sell what's
remaining on our shelves over the course of that 15-month period.

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Appreciate that. And then I guess just following up on the comments on supply chain disruption. If you
look back to the Q2 '20 supply chain disruption, Fastenal seemingly took pretty material share with
customers leaning on their -- the biggest suppliers. Are you seeing a similar dynamic in the current
market with the port delays and whatnot?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Well, we think that, that potential is there. I would say that supply chain issues, pricing issues, those are
more sort of run-of-the-mill issues within distribution historically, whereas what occurred last year was
generally unique and intense, right? So I mean, on an order of magnitude, do I think that you're going to
see $350 million to $360 million of sales that you wouldn't have otherwise in this current environment?
No, nothing of that sort.

But going back to what Dan and I talked about a moment ago, the ability of our people in the field to be
able to go out and find product independently to fill in gaps that we may have as our traditional supply
chain is perhaps a little tight, I think that, that is an advantage to our business. It was an advantage last
year, as Dan talked about. I mean a lot of the customers that we source and things like that, there was a
local element to that.

I think it will be an advantage this year just because right now, what our customers are concerned about
as demand goes up is having a product available and the flexibility in our business and in our model,
I think that's going to provide us an advantage when making sure that service levels remain high and
availability remains high, that I think it's going to give us market share. But I wouldn't expect anything so
intense as what you saw last year at this time.

Operator

Our next question is coming from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

First off, pre pandemic in, say, 2019, I believe safety was running about 17%, 18% of your mix. I'm just
wondering how you're thinking about where that mix percentage bottoms out. Would it be reasonable to
expect 18%, 19% in the second half and then resuming the secular incremental uptick from there? Or
does the glide path from pandemic products and the cyclical recovery and the sort of shop floor personal
protection stuff cause the safety mix to bottom closer to 20% or so?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Yes. This is a guess, Dave, and I would be surprised to see it drop below 20%. And because there's a
group of customers that are now safety customers, there's a group of customers that are expanded safety
customers. And I have to believe as -- even in the balance of 2021, I think there's going to be a lot of
things, a lot of habits that formed that will continue as we go through the year.

And I'll speak to firsthand knowledge of what -- some things we're doing. So roughly 93%, 94% of our
employees can't work remotely. I mentioned that earlier. Around 6% of our employees can work remotely
because they're in supporting roles. And we did ask -- strongly asked a lot of those folks to go home a
year ago because we wanted to create a safer environment for everybody else, the people that had to be
here. We have folks that are coming back. And we are doing a lot of things as far as putting up partitions
and different things that we didn't do over the last 12 months because it wasn't necessary because the
rooms are empty.

But we're putting up Plexiglas barriers and we're putting in a lot of sanitizing stuff because people are
returning to work. That's going to create a core demand. But I'd be surprised to see a drop below 20%.
And if it does, it's because everything else grew faster than I'm expecting.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

And maybe to put some numbers to that for you as well, Dave. The -- in the first quarter, we generated
a little over $60 million in revenues from customers that had not purchased PPE from us prior to the
second quarter of last year. And that amounts to a little over 1% of our sales and I think that amounts to
market share gains. And so when you think about where we were before and you think about those types
of customers now being a part of our mix and contributing more than 1% to our -- to share, I think that
Dan's right. We've always sort of thought 2021, 22% is probably where this settles out. And I think that,
that's still right.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And second, could you discuss the general economics of bin stock compared to vending Onsite in
terms of gross and operating margins, return on capital?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Well, the capital -- the cost of the device is much different. It's what essentially -- and I'll talk to the RFID
because that's the biggest piece of it, at least it is currently. We'll see if the IR beams within MRO bins,
how big that becomes relative to it. But what it really is, is think of a kanban system. And in that kanban
system, right now, what you have is somebody has to physically go out and observe empty bins or gather
the empty bins.

What really changes in an RFID environment is when that bin is empty, there's a -- think of it as a set of
shelves and up above, there's this open box. And you put the bin up there and there's an RFID tag that
reads it and it tells our branch. It actually tells our supply chain team, we need to replenish this bin. And
so the biggest thing is the labor efficiency. But it also allows us to illuminate much more of the supply
chain for the customer so they can really see it and can operate a little bit leaner and we can reduce the
inventory.

I believe the inventory lean-up for our customer will fund the capital it takes for the actual devices
because the only thing that's really changing is the technology enablement. The bins are the bins. They
were there before. You have an RFID tag on them. So the capital piece is relatively modest, except for
the actual communication talking, but the economics are better than betting. And the real reason is, it
becomes much more labor efficient to serve that business in the marketplace.

Operator
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

So I guess, first question for Holden. Can you just update us on how to think about gross margins this
year, just given the new headwinds on fasteners that you discussed? I think prior, Holden, you thought
gross margins could be up slightly year-over-year in '21. Is that still the case or do we need to rethink
that?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

No, I don't think there's any need to rethink it. Again, we're taking actions to try to mitigate some of the
pressures that we're seeing. I think the guidance that -- guidance is probably a strong word, but I think
the suggestion that I made coming out of the last quarterly discussion was that yes, I expect gross margin
to be up a little bit this quarter or this year. And -- but we're probably talking about 50 basis points or
less.

The flip side of that is SG&A leverage will come up against the difficult comps of last year. And I would
expect there to be marginal leverage on SG&A when you think about the comps and things of that nature.
And then ultimately, what that translates into is an incremental margin for the year that's kind of in the
20% to 25% range. And I think that was kind of what we discussed last quarter's call, and honestly, I
don't think anything about that has changed.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay, that's helpful. So it sounds like the increased headwinds on margins that you talked about because
of the fill-in and the spot buy, that doesn't sound like that's meaningful.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I mean, fill-in buys -- no, it's not meaning -- we're not talking about tens and tens of basis points
here. It's relatively small at this point. And again, we do believe that over the course of the year, we'll
smooth out the supply chain a bit. And of course, we'll be taking pricing actions to mitigate some of those
pressures as well, right? So no, I don't think that those are major matters. This assumes we execute the
strategy as well, right?

Operator

Our next question is coming from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

I was wondering if we could go back to the discussion about the Onsite signings. Could you maybe expand
on what you're seeing in the negotiations that led you to reduce the full year signings outlook? I guess I
wouldn't have thought that the first half would have had big expectations for signings, maybe more of like
a second half recovery. And then February, it was probably impacted by weather. I'm just wondering what
exactly you're hearing from your field guys there.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So if you recall, last quarter, what we said is we talked about a 375 to 400 because we wanted
to convey to people that we believe that's what the market can support. And we continue to believe
that's what the market can support, but we also said at the time that business conditions would have to
meaningfully improve in order for us to achieve that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

And whereas I do believe that business conditions have improved, they haven't normalized to where they
were pre pandemic at this point. And the fact is in Q1, we landed 68. And so to be on the type of pace
that we would have to do to do closer to 400, given that we've booked 68 in quarter 1, it just seems like
a stretch when the conditions haven't fully normalized from where we were before, right? That's the one
area that I believe is still being affected by COVID-related accommodations.

So given that, I think that it was worth -- I mean, I think we sort of, I think, gave indication that this
seemed like a high potential scenario when we talked last quarter, and it just seemed like a prudent thing
to do. Now note, we've kind of said the same thing about FMI this quarter, right? We believe that the
market can support 23,000 to 25,000 weighted FMI devices. But we're going to need to see the activity
levels continue to improve even from where it was Q1 to get there. Right now, we're probably pacing a
little bit low.

But I think the important thing to just reiterate is, I don't think this has anything to do with the receptivity
of the tools that we're providing in the marketplace. I don't believe that there's any belief on the part of
our organization that we can't achieve those levels. But the environment is still normalizing. It's not there
yet. And as a result, we may come in a little bit shorter, but the trend line is up.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

So I'm going to comment on and Holden can be mad at me for this, Adam. When I was reading through
Holden's flip book, I saw that he had put in that sentence about the 300 to 350 range. There are certain
times I go into Holden and I tell him I disagree with him and certain times, I tell him I agree with him. So
this is one where I don't know that I agree with him. He's probably right, but I don't know if I agree with
him.

And that is -- I think if you look at first quarter, I believe 29 of our 68 signings were in the month of
March. So it did tick up as we went through the quarter. Now that's not an unusual pattern because
January is usually tentative and February was weaker because of the storm, as you mentioned. I think the
risk of signings this year is more about customers really being busy and they just can't think about it right
now. They just can't do it right now. And I think that's the risk of it not getting to that 100 per quarter
pace. And that's the only reason I didn't ask Holden to remove that sentence from both the earnings
release and the flip book.

Otherwise, I'd ask him to remove it because I think the model is great. I think the market is receptive
to it. And I think we could ramp up faster, but there is that one risk that people are too busy to let it
happen because change always takes energy and where do you want to prioritize your energy. But I'm
not completely in agreement with Holden on this one, but he's -- if I were a betting person, he's probably
more right. But my message to our team internally is there's no reason why in the second half of the year,
we shouldn't be at 100 a quarter. And the question is can we get there in the month of -- or in the second
quarter? And I'll happily be wrong.

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

Okay, got you. That's very helpful. And then secondly, back to the inventory discussion. I understand it's
been difficult to get inventories into the DCs. I guess how much do you think inventories need to increase
this year to support the growth that you expect, realizing that you have some other internal initiatives
going on?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I know in Q1, obviously, we talked about the hubs being down $15 million-plus versus what we
would have expected, and we need more product to make its way across. And as it does, I would expect
the hub inventories to rise. I'm not sure that we've necessarily put a number to that. And I think a lot of
it's going to depend on the degree to which demand continues to run the way that it is.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

So -- but I do believe that we're light on inventory in the hubs. As inflation continues to run through, I
think that will put some upward pressure on values of inventory as well. So I'm not sure I have a good
answer for you in terms of what the ultimate number is. But that's part of the answer to addressing what
we're seeing in the supply chain and improving our service levels.

But right now, we're a little bit low on inventory, we're a little bit low on fulfillment levels and we need to
correct that. And in Q1, it would have required $15 million more, and I think that builds a little bit as you
get into Q2 and the supply chain pressures build. Now that will be offset to some degree with the work
that we're doing internally to take out slow- and no-moving inventory, in terms of reducing the branch
count, which the field continues to take some of the branches out, that makes sense to them.

Those sort -- I think when we talk a little bit about the customer fulfillment center, which is a form of
branch, which has much more customized and tailored inventory, those are all initiatives that I think are
very sustainable. We'll continue to mitigate the effects of supply chain over the course of the year. But
right now, our inventory would be better off in having a little bit more in it than it does, and that's going to
motivate our work on improving the supply chain.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Just the one piece I'd add is, is just keep things in context, the $15 million that Holden cites, that's about
a day's worth of inventory. So it's a number. You've helped -- disclosing it was helpful. But in the context
of things, we're blessed with an incredible supply chain and incredible resiliency as far as where the intake
point is for inventory. The question is always the price point. But it's a day's worth of inventory.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just back to, I think, Ryan's earlier question, just to level set us on some of those gross margin
considerations that you laid out last quarter. Holden, just with some of the dynamics that you talked
about, which seem more acute in 2Q, particularly on like mix, price cost, maybe some of those fill-in buys
still having to persist for a while, should we think of that as maybe fair for the year, but a bit more of a
second half dynamic than what you were considering before? I know that's putting a pretty fine point on
it, but just trying to sense like if there was some shift in the timing underneath that expectation, if not the
total year number.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

No, I don't think so. I'm still trying to think through the question a little bit. I mean we all know that we
have a relatively easy comp on gross margin in 2Q. And so I haven't really tried to think about it in terms
of year-over-year rate of change. I think if you take the first quarter gross margin, you adjust for the
write-down, which is our intention is that, that will be focused on 1Q '21 and be done. Adjust for that,
you're looking at a first quarter margin about 45.9%.

If I move over to 2Q, normally, second quarter would see a little bit of a decline sequentially from Q1. I
think that, that could come in somewhere around flattish. And part of the reason is the mix that you're
talking about. Interestingly enough, right now, the fastener/nonfastener mix is normalizing faster than the
Onsite/non-Onsite mixes.

And so that actually moderated the impact of mix in Q1, and we'll see how that plays out in Q2 but it's
possible that could be a little bit moderate as well. And I think that contributes to that. And of course,
assuming we're effective on pricing, that can contribute as well. So when I think about the second quarter
gross margins, I think it gets really messy to think about it year-over-year when we can kind of think
about sequential patterns and try to run off of that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

And I guess, I think -- when I think about Q2, instead of thinking about it in terms of the normal 20-basis-
point decline, I think that, that could actually run a little bit more flattish. And that would obviously be a
meaningful increase year-over-year but that's just a comp issue. Does that help?

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful perspective. Yes, that helps a lot. And then I guess sort of related to the supply
chain tightness that both you and Dan had talked about. Understanding there was a pretty big step-up in
activity sequentially into March, presumably, that continues just as things reopen on the fastener side. I
know growth isn't really homogenous, it can come anywhere, but are there limits to being able to grow
here in the short term?

So you talked about kind of flattish to maybe down a little bit in 2Q. But if everything went your way,
is there really capacity to grow a lot faster? I mean, I guess I'm thinking back to some of the weather
interruptions in 2Q and those customers not being able to make up days immediately. Is that something
that's sort of governed on the upside here, at least in the short term until some of the supply chain stuff
works out?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

When I think of limit to growth, I think of demand. I do not think of supply. When you -- you talked about
in February, there's a number of things that caused problems. One was you had plants down there with no
power for -- our distribution center in Dallas was shut down for 5 days because we didn't have electricity.
And so you had a lot of examples where -- I grew up in the north, I grew up in Wisconsin. So I realized
that when temperatures get into the single digits, things freeze.

And -- but you saw a lot of that. You had good plants that where there was no electricity and they weren't
operating. And you had pipes freezing. You had hundreds and thousands of feet of pipes being replaced in
a lot of facilities because they froze and they broke. And so the issue was one of the no power and then
damage from the environment or no natural gas and essentially no energy to operate. That's a different
scenario than what we're describing here. Our limiting factor is demand and our ability to find more
customers every day that want to use us as a supply chain partner.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And some level as well -- yes. I mean, on some level as well, I mean, there are industries out there.
I think the RVPs that are affected by auto talk about some lines shutting down because of availability of
chips and things like that. So you might be referring to that as well. But you would know as well as we do
what industries are having issues because of products that aren't related to our products. Our objective
is to make sure that when a customer needs something that we can supply, that we can get that. We've
been effective doing that. We can't control the chip supply chain or how that might flow through.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Kevin Marek of Deutsche Bank.

Kevin James Marek
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I think a lot has been said already, but just going back to the point made about market share gains. I
know you called out, I think it was like 26% of accounts that were first-time PPE buyers have reordered at
this point. Is there anything you would add about gains made outside of PPE and maybe how share gains
in core areas have shaped up over this pandemic period?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

Yes. I mean there's -- unfortunately, there's no industry resource that tallies up how all the distributors do
and gives anything definitive on that. So I think that we had an interesting picture provided to us around
safety and the pandemic and new customers and things like that. But new customer acquisition is not
usually so dramatic as what you saw during that period of time. So I think it's really difficult to say.

What I would say is we continue to grow as a business, and I think if you look at industrial production and
things of that nature, I don't think that you're seeing that grow. There are some surveys that are done
out there. And certainly through February, those surveys were still pointing to distribution being negative.
Industrial production was still slightly negative. We were growing. So I think those are the ways that I
usually look at it to judge or understand the degree to which we are gaining market share.

Historically, we've outgrown our industry. Historically, we've outgrown industrial production. I think
that, that continued through Q1. I think the numbers are out there for you to evaluate. And I think we'll
continue to do that.

Kevin James Marek
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it. No, that makes sense. Maybe just as a quick follow-up, kind of following up on a prior question. I'm
wondering if you could talk about the trends through the quarter maybe by market, just thinking about
manufacturing versus construction within March. It looks like results maybe, manufacturing seeing more
acceleration versus construction or improvement, maybe just directly kind of comp-related. Is there any
color you can provide to delineate kind of trends between the 2?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I don't know. I mean if you look at the construction business, and interestingly, this has been one
that in recent months, the RVPs have been talking about it getting better and better and the numbers
really didn't move. And so it's nice to see them begin to move. But I mean, if you look at construction, in
January, construction was down 9%; in February, it was down 14.5%; and in March, it was flat. And so
that marks fairly significant improvement.

Now you're right, the comps got easier. But I mean, that's true within manufacturing, which caused it
to go from up 5% to up 1% to up 11%, right? So the comps are going to play a role. But the RVPs have
been reporting for the last several months that the construction -- the tone of the construction market was
getting better. And there's been a bit of a lag to that. But it feels to me like both of those end markets are
improving versus where they have been.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

So it is 5 minutes to the hour, and I guess we'll wrap up the Q&A, and I just want to thank everybody for
listening in today and thanks for your support and the Fastenal Blue Team. Take care now.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect
your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 13, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

