FedEx Corporation NYSE:FDX
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, March 18, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

3.24

3.47

Revenue  (mm)

19944.51

21500.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-18-2021 9:12 PM GMT

7.10

7.80

4.62

17.48

18.74

19736.53

79197.33

83085.16

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.56

2.72

4.01

3.24

2.53

4.87

4.83

3.47

61.15 %

79.04 %

20.45 %

7.10 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing
& Communications Officer

Donald F. Colleran
President & CEO of FedEx

Frederick W. Smith
Executive Chairman & CEO

Henry J. Maier
President & CEO of FedEx Ground

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Mickey Foster
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

Unknown Executive

ANALYSTS

Allison Ann Marie Poliniak-
Cusic
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jack Lawrence Atkins
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for
FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.

Mickey Foster
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The third
quarter Form 10-Q, earnings release, stat book as well as our economic forecast are on our website at
fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website, where the replay will be available for about 1
year.

Joining us on the call today are members of the media. [Operator Instructions]

I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the safe harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such
as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and
filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a
reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on the call to the most directly comparable
GAAP measures.

Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman and CEO; Raj Subramaniam, President and COO;
Mike Lenz, Executive VP and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter,
Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President, Chief
Marketing and Communications Officer; Jill Brannon, Executive Vice President and Chief Sales Officer; Don
Colleran, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; John
Smith, President and CEO-elect of FedEx Ground, and Lance Moll, President and CEO of FedEx Freight.

And now Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.

Frederick W. Smith
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Mickey. First, I want to say how immensely proud I am of our FedEx team members. Since
our last earnings call, they've completed an historic peak season. And using the power of our expanded
7-day week FedEx Ground operations, our team handled record-breaking volumes throughout the
holiday shipping season. They also worked diligently to clear the backlog caused by the recent severe
winter weather in the U.S., a 50-year event. They worked night and day to move the backlog quickly
and as safely as possible. This includes the many team members who typically perform other duties
and volunteered their time to help. We're sincerely grateful to them and to our customers for their
understanding as we navigated the effects of these massive winter storms.

Our team members are continuing to move the world forward with the delivery of COVID-19 vaccines-
related ingredients and supplies throughout the U.S., Canada and more than 20 other countries around
the world. We did a great job on these vaccines during the weather event, too. FedEx is prepared to
transport now vaccines to more than 220 countries and territories for as long as necessary to help
eradicate COVID-19.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

As part of our responsibility to be good stewards of the planet, earlier this month, we announced our bold
strategy to achieve carbon-neutral operations globally by 2040. To help reach this goal, we focused our
strategy in 3 key areas: vehicle electrification, which we've been involved in for over a decade; sustainable
energy; and carbon sequestration -- natural carbon sequestration. In this regard, importantly, our plan
includes a pledge to help establish the Yale Center for Natural Carbon Capture. The center will build on
the Yale legacy of the school and the environment of world-class research and education to develop
measurable carbon capture solutions with an initial focus on helping to offset greenhouse gas emissions
equivalent to current airline emissions. Findings will be published and shared so that businesses, industries
and governments globally can benefit from this work.

As reflected in this quarter's results, continued execution of our strategies is producing strong earnings
growth and margin improvement across our company. We expect demand for our unmatched e-commerce
and international express solutions to remain high for the foreseeable future.

I'm exceedingly optimistic about the future of FedEx, and again, very grateful to our team members for
their hard work. I'd also like to thank Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground, who is retiring at
the end of July after more than 35 years of dedicated service at FedEx. We'll have much more to say about
Henry on our next earnings call in June.

Let me now ask Raj, Brie and Mike to provide their comments, after which we will take your questions.
Raj?

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

Thank you, Fred, and good afternoon, everybody. Q3 was a strong quarter of growth for FedEx. Despite
challenging circumstances, the team performed exceptionally well through the biggest peak season in
our company's history. This included delivering nearly 0.5 billion holiday packages, transporting the first
shipment of COVID-19 vaccines here in the U.S. and increasing collaboration across operating companies.

Our results speak for themselves. In December, we achieved the highest monthly totals in our company's
history in both revenue and operating profit. Results in December were different than previous years.
We better maximized our available capacity and, as Brie will cover in a moment, better aligned prices to
incremental costs. Peak 2020 was unlike any peak experience before and sets a new standard for future
peak seasons.

As Fred mentioned, our operations were impacted by last month's severe winter weather throughout
the United States. Mike will expand more on the scope and unique nature of these storms. And I'm sure
many of you have seen reports in the last couple of days, which illustrate the impact these storms had
on the overall U.S. economy, including retail sales and manufacturing output. We implemented numerous
contingencies to mitigate the impact, including adding sorts, line haul and collaborating across our
network to assist in the recovery. I'm very proud of the team for managing through this very challenging
situation.

Now speaking of the team, we announced that Henry Maier will retire this summer and named John Smith,
former President and CEO of FedEx Freight, his successor. Lance Moll, former SVP of Operations at FedEx
Freight, has been promoted to CEO, and we're pleased to have all these 3 gentlemen on the call today.

Now turning to FedEx Ground. The outstanding margin improvement for Ground in Q3 highlights the
success of our ongoing strategic initiatives and investments to improve efficiency and reduce costs
associated with the last mile even amid record residential volume levels. These investments continue to
pay off.

Let me share 3 examples. Number one, we saw a meaningful improvement in last-mile efficiency as
service providers improve their stops per hour 21% year-over-year in Q3. Number two, the average cost
per stop decreased by 12% year-over-year. And number three, we maximized our assets, expanding to 7-
day operations and integrating Ground Economy, or formerly FedEx SmartPost, reduced our fixed cost per
package by 4% year-over-year. We remain very optimistic for continued profitable growth at Ground.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Collaboration between operating companies continue at an unprecedented rate in Q3. This month marks
the 1-year anniversary of the launch of last-mile optimization, which allows us to flex our networks to
increase delivery density for residential, rural and deferred packages. LMO will expand to 6 more markets
effective May 1, increasing to 63 markets in total and covering 2/3 of the U.S. GDP. Additionally, FedEx
Freight has delivered more than 1.75 million shipments for Ground so far this fiscal year. This time last
year, Freight had yet to deliver a single Ground shipment as increased support for Ground kicked off in
May of 2020.

Finally, turning to FedEx Express. Our global network is moving COVID-19 vaccines, ingredients and
supplies as we speak. It has been a coordinated orchestration of our physical and digital capabilities. At
FedEx Express, we expect elevated pricing for at least the next 12 months. We know, however, that these
prices are not sustainable in the longer term, and we will flex our networks appropriately as commercial
capacity returns into the market. In addition, we will continue to improve our efficiency by executing last-
mile optimization and transforming our European business.

In Europe, momentum continues with the physical integration of the TNT network. We recently announced
our Europe restructuring program, and we are progressing with local consultations as planned and in
accordance with local market regulations. April will be a big month as we prepare to roll out a set of new
service capabilities for our customers, which Brie will provide more detail very shortly here. We'll complete
their integration in spring 2022, which will bring the physical network integration to a close. Our Paris
hub will be our main Express hub in Europe with Liege serving as [indiscernible] in the U.S. as our second
largest European air hub. We remain focused on optimizing the network and strengthening our capabilities
to drive upside in Europe for years to come.

In closing, FedEx remains committed to delivering long-term profitable growth. We have the network, the
strategy and the right team in place as we build upon the exceptional results we have seen so far in fiscal
year '21. With that, let me turn it over to Brie.

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Thank you, Raj. Good afternoon, everyone. In the United States, we are seeing strong growth and
momentum. The U.S. domestic parcel market is expected to grow to 101 million packages a day by
calendar year 2022, with e-commerce contributing 86% of total U.S. market growth. E-commerce as a
percentage of U.S. retail sales was approximately 21% in Q4 of calendar year '20, significantly above the
pre-pandemic level.

We remain excited about the diversification and evolution of the e-commerce market. Some of our largest
retail customers reported e-commerce growth rates in the high double and even triple digits through
2020. As the U.S. reopens, we recognize the potential for a short-term deceleration in e-commerce
shopping. However, we are very confident that e-commerce, as a percentage of retail, has a long growth
runway.

Turning now to peak. It certainly was the shipathon we predicted, a peak upon a peak. We had
tremendous growth with almost 500 million packages delivered and 19% year-over-year ADV growth. To
the global sales and marketing teams, I could not be more proud of your execution and the momentum
you have created.

FY '21 parcel volume growth remains strong, supported by a portfolio of e-commerce solutions growing
at double digits. Of particular note, our FedEx Ground 7-day-a-week residential delivery service is one of
the fastest-growing services in e-commerce with 70% volume growth in Q3. Overall, year-to-date average
daily volume growth remains strong for all customer segments. However, our U.S. small and medium
segment grew 35% through the end of February.

In FY '21 Q3, FedEx total U.S. domestic residential package volume mix was 70% versus 62% a year
ago. With the increase of residential packages in our networks, we're focused on improving yield
and product mix. In FY '21 Q3, we increased FedEx Ground Economy yield by 35% and overall U.S.
domestic residential yields by 15% year-over-year. It's important to note FedEx Ground is formerly FedEx

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

SmartPost. While e-commerce is the key driver of the overall growth, in January, our U.S. enterprise B2B
volume was at pre-COVID levels.

Turning to our U.S. revenue quality strategy. We continue to actively pursue yield management, product
and customer mix strategies. Our primary focus is ensuring large customer pricing aligns to their volume
distribution. We continue to manage capacity at FedEx Ground, prioritizing our highest yielding SAM
segment as well as our premium home delivery product. As we plan for peak of fiscal year '22, our peak
surcharges will continue to play a critical role.

Turning now to international. Global air cargo capacity remains down 20% year-over-year as of January.
And we expect air cargo capacity to remain constrained through the end of calendar year 2021. We expect
passenger capacity to recover between 55% and 75% of its pre-COVID level by the end of calendar year
2021 with a full recovery not anticipated until '23 or '24.

From a demand perspective, APAC outbound has recovered to pre COVID, while Europe outbound is
expecting a partial recovery by the end of 2021 and a full recovery sometime in 2023. With these
projections, demand trends will continue to favor freighters and integrators. We are confident in our
ability to maintain elevated yields for at least 12 months. With e-commerce driving significant growth
internationally, we will increasingly utilize peak surcharges in our international business. Finally, we are
executing commercial strategies to maintain and grow our incremental volume as capacity recovers.
Intercontinental performance continues to be very strong. Our total international express yield per pound
has again seen impressive double-digit year-over-year improvements in all key markets. Our B2B volumes
are recovering to pre-COVID levels in Europe and are fully recovered in Asia, while our overall growth is
fueled by significant B2C volumes.

During our fourth quarter, we will dramatically enhance our European portfolio. As stated on previous
calls, with the completion of the road integration last May, our European road value proposition already
gained significant improvements. Our customers have been accessing the unparalleled TNT European
road network. In Q4, we will introduce an enhanced Europe-to-the-U.S. value proposition, providing an
industry-leading next-day service to the U.S. in twice the number of origin countries currently offered. In
addition, we will be launching our new FedEx International Priority Express service, giving our European
customers 2 premium services within Europe, offering customers choice between overnight by noon and
overnight by end of day. We will be rolling out these new service capabilities to our customers over the
coming months.

We will also launch FedEx International Connect Plus from Europe to the United States to Asia and within
Europe, providing the service across more than 200 lanes. FedEx International Connect Plus, or FICP, has
been designed with features of service targeted to reduce the cost to serve while delivering an outstanding
customer experience and is specifically targeted to support our e-commerce customers. The new European
transportation portfolio is brought to market through a refreshed and modern online shipping application
that has already rolled out in Europe and across 143 countries globally. In summary, we have great
momentum coming out of Q3.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for his comments.

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. FedEx delivered significantly improved financial results
during the quarter as we met the challenges of rising demand and limited capacity during our peak season
and overcame severe winter weather in February.

Adjusted operating profit increased 120% and adjusted operating margin increased 210 basis points,
primarily due to strong volume growth in U.S. domestic residential package, a 41% increase in FedEx
International Priority package volume, led by Asia and Europe; and solid execution of our revenue
management strategies in the face of increasing demand across all our transportation segments. These
gains were partially offset by 4 noteworthy factors. First, higher variable incentive compensation expense
of $485 million, including a $125 million special bonus for global frontline team members at FedEx

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Express; second, lower revenues and higher costs due to significant weather events that reduced
operating income by an estimated $350 million; third, the estimated impact of having 1 fewer operating
week day, which was approximately $150 million; and lastly, consolidated direct COVID-19-related cost of
approximately $60 million, which does not capture the many accommodations we continue to make across
all our operations for the safety of our employees and to comply with various regulations and guidelines.

Given its significance, I want to add further context around the adverse weather impact. First, we always
anticipate and have contingencies for demand and operational impacts during our fiscal third quarter,
which spans the most active winter weather months. The mid to late February events, in particular,
impacted many parts of the country, but were historic throughout the South Central Corridor of the U.S.
The snow amounts in Memphis had not been seen in over 50 years prior to the founding of FedEx and,
when coupled with a record time 9 consecutive days below freezing, had a significant impact on our
operations, as Fred and Raj mentioned.

Our Indianapolis and North Texas Express hubs were impacted as well. Demand was deferred as
significant portions of the U.S. population were impacted by the various weather events. Of the $350
million estimated impact, $240 million was at Express, $85 million at Ground and $25 million at Freight.
Despite that, the Express segment reported adjusted operating profit of $514 million with an adjusted
operating margin of 4.8%, up 260 basis points, driven by significant volume growth in both international
export and U.S. domestic package as well as higher international priority yields. In the quarter, Express
absorbed $340 million higher variable incentive compensation expense and was on pace to deliver record
third quarter operating profit prior to the February weather.

FedEx Ground had an exceptional peak and third quarter, growing operating margin 270 basis points
over the prior year to 8.8%. Operating income of $702 million was the highest third quarter in FedEx
Ground's history. Yield grew 11%, while volumes were up 25%, resulting in 37% growth in revenues,
which more than offset headwinds, including increased payments to our independent service providers,
higher labor rates and higher variable incentive compensation of $70 million. As Raj and Brie highlighted,
our commercial and operational initiatives are yielding and will continue to yield profitable growth at
Ground as we capitalize on the e-commerce opportunity.

Turning to FedEx Freight. Operating income increased 5% despite the impact of increased variable
compensation and the weather. Freight continues to post excellent results with their focus on revenue
quality, aligning their cost structure with current business levels and improving operational efficiencies.
Freight also provided critical peak season operational support to both Ground and Express.

Our effective tax rate was 15% for the quarter due to tax benefits of $108 million, resulting from a tax
rate increase in the Netherlands applied to a deferred tax balances and associated with a $300 million
voluntary contribution to our qualified U.S. pension plans.

Now turning to what's ahead. While there remains a degree of uncertainty as we begin to see progress
in combating the pandemic, we are projecting full year adjusted earnings per share of $17.60 to $18.20
compared to $9.50 adjusted EPS in FY '20. We expect our effective tax rate prior to the year-end mark-
to-market adjustment to be between 21% and 22% for the full year fiscal '21. We expect higher revenue,
operating income and operating margins on a year-over-year basis at all our transportation segments
in the fourth quarter, which does include 1 additional operating week day. These forecasts assume
continued recovery in U.S. industrial production and global trade, no additional COVID-19-related business
restrictions and current fuel price expectations. With this forecast, we expect higher variable incentive
compensation expense in the fourth quarter as we plan to reward our employees for their achievements
this year. The year-over-year increase is expected to be slightly higher than the third quarter, excluding
the $125 million special bonus I mentioned previously.

Earlier, Fred mentioned our sustainability initiatives, and we will record our $100 million pledge to
Yale University in our fourth quarter results. For Express, in the fourth quarter, there will be no benefit
from the reduction in the aviation excise tax from the CARES Act, which expired on December 31. In
addition, Express maintenance costs will be higher year-over-year in the fourth quarter as we execute
on our flexible air fleet strategy. Just over a year ago, we shared with you plans to temporarily park the
equivalent of 7 MD-11s. Given the increased demand, we are efficiently adding needed capacity for our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

customers by investing in maintenance expense to utilize aircraft from temporary storage. As of now, we
plan to have no temporarily parked MD-11s prior to next peak season. This illustrates our ability to flex
capacity up or down in a financially efficient manner in response to changes in the market.

Our capital spending focus remains on strategic investments that will reduce our cost structure, improve
our efficiency and increase our capacity to profitably meet market growth demands. Our FY '21 CapEx
forecast is now $5.7 billion due to changes in the timing of aircraft payments as well as the acceleration of
FedEx Ground capacity initiatives. That projects to roughly 6.9% of expected revenue, which is the lowest
level in over 10 years. While we have not finalized our FY '22 plans, capital spending will increase as we
invest in capacity and proceed with investments in replacement capital previously deferred. That said, I
anticipate CapEx as a percentage of revenue will be 8% or less, which remains less than our historical
capital intensity. We will provide more specifics in June.

Looking at liquidity on the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with $8.9 billion in cash and
cash equivalents and on Tuesday, renewed our $2 billion 5-year credit agreement and $1.5 billion
364-day credit agreement. The key aspect of our capital allocation strategy moving forward will be
strengthening our balance sheet and repayment of outstanding debt. Given our strong cash flows and
liquidity position, we are evaluating potential transactions to reduce and refinance existing debt. The
timing of any transaction will be based on market conditions, and we would incur costs related to these
transactions which may be material.
I'll close by reiterating I have great confidence in our ability to build on the successes we have had this
year as we execute our plans to generate sustainable long-term growth in earnings and cash flow. And
with that, we can move to the question-and-answer session.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And first, we'll go to Chris Wetherbee from Citi.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Maybe I want to start on the ground side and understand, I guess, first, around ground pricing, so
significant progress has been made so far. But I wanted to get a sense of where you think you are in the
process of repricing this product up for the service that you're offering and ultimately, the demand of the
market right now. And then maybe as we think about how's that and mix may impact margins as we move
forward, say, into fiscal '22, clearly, we've moved very heavily overweight towards B2C over the course of
the last 12 months. But as B2B grows, it maybe even takes a little bit of market share. How should that
play through your Ground margins?

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Thanks for the question, Chris. It's Brie speaking. From a yield strategy perspective, we still believe we
have opportunity from a mix perspective. As you saw this quarter was probably the most dramatic -- or
not probably, was the most dramatic movement we've been able to make from a product perspective.
You're going to see that shift throughout this year as capacity -- we anticipate capacity throughout this
calendar year will be constrained. And as a result, as I mentioned, we've got to prioritize our SAM growth.
You heard 35%. It's the best segment performance we've got from a small perspective. So we're going
to prioritize that. It will continue to work our yields up. In addition to that, the FedEx Economy product is
something that we are very focused on, and it will add dramatic yield upside from here out. Henry?

Henry J. Maier
President & CEO of FedEx Ground

Chris, let me take the margin question. First of all, in Q4, we expect teens to -- margins to be in the
teens. But let me speak to how we see the business beyond that. First, we believe there's considerable
operating leverage still to be realized in this business. Strategic initiatives will help ensure the right
packages are on the right sort, on the right day for on-time delivery. They also ensure that overnight sorts
are reserved for next-day volume, enabling the right balance of sort capacity in the network. These are
critical capabilities for a 7-day network operation. We're also implementing dynamic scheduling tools to
match sort staffing headcount more closely to volumes, thereby improving dock productivity and our dock
expense. And we're rolling out capabilities for certain upstream volume in the network to bypass station
sortation and transfer directly to delivery vehicles, freeing up valuable station capacity. None of these
initiatives require brick-and-mortar. They're possible through industry leading technology, AI and machine
learning and are developed using a safe agile framework and tools.

So with all of that, in my view, as we continue to transform the FedEx Ground business, FedEx Ground's
best days are still ahead of them.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Ken Hoexter from Bank of America.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Let me switch over to Express. And I guess if you exclude the weather impacts, the 4.8% goes up to
maybe upper single digits in terms of margin. Maybe you could talk about the return of B2B on the
Express side, same thing that you were just talking on Ground. Maybe you were talking about pricing

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

starting to disappear in 12 months. So how do you look at this business? Do you see it transitioning back
to double digit margins? Or is there some structural change that keeps that at the single-digit levels?

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Ken, it's Brie. I'll start with the pricing and the yield element and then turn it back over to Don and Mike.
From a yield perspective and from a B2B, as we mentioned, as of January, here in the United States,
our B2B volume was back to pre-COVID level. The mix within the B2B wasn't what historically we have
seen. It was obviously heavy health care, heavy retail, heavy tech. We have not seen it fully come back in
automotive and industrial. So we think that there's some upside there. When you look at the B2B volume
outside of the United States, at a whole holistic level, we're back, but Europe is not. So we see there still
opportunity intra-Europe and intercontinental outbound from Europe. The European team has done a
phenomenal job of shoring up volume, but it is B2C volume that they've shored up that gap with. So I still
think that there is some B2B upside coming out of Europe still.

From a yield perspective, we're feeling pretty confident in our yields throughout this calendar year from
an international express as well as a domestic express. There is pressure on the yield from a weight
perspective because the e-commerce mix will continue to increase outside of the United States at Express.
So overall, we're quite comfortable from a yield growth and opportunity perspective for the next 12
months. And I'll turn it over to Mike.

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Chris, as I said, this is Mike. We -- certainly, in the fourth quarter, we'll see margin gains at all 3 of
the transportation segments. You can't get to the guidance that we put out there without that falling into
place as well as the other context I gave you. And we're highly confident we can build on the momentum
here with the strategies and the plans that have been outlined, but we're not going to be given forward
margin expectations. We'll have more to say about our outlook for '22 in June. Don?

Donald F. Colleran
President & CEO of FedEx

Yes, Mike and Brie, just to add a few things to your comments. One is, I think Raj had mentioned in
his prepared remarks about the strength of the quarter. And it was a strong quarter for us, highlighted
by the best December we've had in the company's history, and on track to provide that same level of
performance for the quarter until the weather hit. Now this is not a comment about would have, should
have, could have, but it really is one to highlight the strong fundamentals that exist in the Express
business right now. We're extremely confident of the fundamentals that we'll continue to deliver into the
fourth quarter as evidence of what we've seen. We had $1.9 billion of revenue growth in that quarter. I
thank our excellent sales team around the globe and the wonderful job that the Express operating unit did
in terms of monetizing and turning that into a strong performance.

And as it relates to what we're seeing from a yield perspective, I agree, obviously, with Brie's assessment.
We're seeing some fundamentals in our international business that are quite clear to us in the short,
medium and maybe in the longer term. When inventory levels remain low, supply is soft and demand is
very strong. And we think that demand is going to even increase as the stimulus checks come into the
marketplace. So we think if you look at it in terms of a trifecta, those fundamental economic issues that
we have should continue to benefit us, especially in our international business going forward.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Allison Landry from Credit Suisse.

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Sorry I was on mute. Just digging a little bit more in terms of the Ground revenue per piece and
specifically on Q3, Brie or Henry, could you maybe talk about or break out the contribution to the yield

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

-- of the yield equivalent that came from base price versus the peak surcharges and then mix? I guess
what I'm trying to think through is how to best think about the sequential yield change in Q4. Normally,
I think it's up about 4%. But obviously, maybe the peak surcharges fall off, you have some incremental
surcharges in place. So just looking for a little bit of context in terms of breaking out the contribution of
the different pieces there.

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Allison, from a pricing strategy perspective, obviously, the vast majority of our volume is on highly
complex contractual agreements. And so it's quite difficult to streamline and break that out for you right
now. But what I will tell you is from a Q3 perspective, you saw really us very much focused on our FedEx
Ground Economy product. We know the spread between the FedEx Ground Economy and our FedEx
Ground Home Delivery product. That yield spread, historically, has been too wide. So we are very focused
on prioritizing capacity at the higher-yielding home delivery product. And so you're going to see 2 things
happen. You're going to see us give more capacity to home delivery at the higher yield, and you're going
to see us increase the yield throughout this calendar year, both through peak surcharges as well as
through GRI strategies and, quite frankly, just contractual discussion. So that's really our focus is closing
that gap, prioritizing capacity for home delivery and making sure we've got capacity for our small and
medium customers.

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And just any color on what sort of the peak surcharge impact was in Q3 from a dollar perspective or
a percentage perspective?

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

We're not going to give that out at this time, Allison.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Jack Atkins from Stephens.

Jack Lawrence Atkins
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Great. So Mike, I guess maybe this one is for you. When I think about the fourth quarter implied guidance,
historically, you see a fairly significant ramp in earnings from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. And
when you normalize for the weather and the lower tax rate, your guidance -- implied guidance is for
maybe a 17% increase in earnings from third quarter to fourth quarter. Typically, it's 50% to 60%. So I'm
just curious if, maybe, if you can walk us through some of the puts and takes there? Is it a factor of just
the broader economy? It's a [indiscernible] there? Just some conservatism in general. Just can you help
us think through the implied fourth quarter guidance and why you wouldn't see more of a normal seasonal
ramp there?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Jack, I'm not going to get into decomping all of the puts and takes that come into seasonality. I guess I
would refer back to when I mentioned an effective tax rate for the year of 21% to 22%, that implies a
higher tax rate in Q4 than our -- typically, you can rule a thumb for a full year. The statutory federal rate is
21%, 3% or 4% for state and other. So 25% on a kind of normalized basis. But as we've mentioned on the
call, we have had about $300 million of discrete events through year-to-date in Q1 to 3. So I think when
you kind of normalize for that and look at our underlying operating performance there, it is a very strong
Q4, and I'll leave it at that. I talked about some of the other elements that will play into Q4 earlier, so I
won't rehash those. But I think when you are able to piece it all together, it will be a very solid operating
Q4.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Operator

And next, we'll go to Jordan Alliger from Goldman Sachs.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Question. When you think beyond the fiscal fourth quarter of this year and into the next fiscal year, you
start getting to some difference in tougher volume comps, especially in Ground. Is your expectation,
though, that with e-commerce continuing even at a decelerating pace that you could still grow your overall
volume levels year-over-year?

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

I guess the short answer is yes. We're anticipating that the market growth, 90% of the market growth is
going to come through e-commerce. We've got a long-term outlook at more than 10% CAGR from an e-
commerce perspective. So the short answer is, yes. And Mike, I'm sure, would like to add something.

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Jordan, I just will throw a lot of numbers at you. But as Brie mentioned, we went from 62% to 70%
residential mix, and FedEx Ground's margins were up 270 basis points. So I think that speaks to how we
plan to execute on the continued growth of e-commerce.

Frederick W. Smith
Executive Chairman & CEO

And of course, we will be giving an FY '22 earnings forecast in June. That has been something that's not
been available during the pandemic from a lot of companies. But with the forecast that Mike just gave you
for the fourth quarter, you can anticipate a full year FY '22 range at our June call.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Brandon Oglenski from Barclays.

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Mike, can you talk to the outlook -- you said CapEx is going to be below 8% of revenue and [indiscernible]
on these projects because I think you mentioned accelerating some of the Ground investments?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Brandon, you broke up a little bit, but if I understand asking about the CapEx references. So as we said,
volume grew 25% at Ground. And so as we came through December, evaluating and looking at what's
ahead and the opportunity there, we see that as opportunity. Also, if you look at our -- when you get the
chance to look at the stat book in terms of the maintenance CapEx, you can see that our facilities and
vehicles, we deferred a lot of that this year. So there will be some amount of those that going forward as
well. So we'll be -- we'll certainly give you more specifics on that when it comes to June.

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. Mike, I guess I was asking, like in the longer-term context, what are the type of returns
[indiscernible] these projects?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

I think the question is about returns. You broke up again. I will say with very absolute confidence that all
of these investments we're making will generate a solid return on investment, just as the investments
we've made in the last few years are showing results today.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Amit Mehrotra from Deutsche Bank.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And Henry, I was hoping I could ask you about Ground margins, if that's okay. I think the key question
and discussion point we've all had is the long-term outlook for Ground margins given the secular shift to
B2C and the density challenges that obviously come with that. I mean you guys have made incredible
progress on pricing and operations. I'm just wondering if you can update us -- you gave a little bit of it
last quarter, but hoping you can update us on what you think the sustainable margins for Ground -- the
Ground business are on an annual basis and when do you think you can get there. And just related to
that, you guys called out $350 million of weather. I was hoping you could talk about what the attribution
to Ground business was from that number.

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Amit, this is Mike. As I said in my remarks, $85 million of the weather was Ground. Again, we've said
we've given you fourth quarter guidance. We'll have more to say about future outlook in -- for FY '22 in
June. But we're very confident of our ability to build on the momentum of generating increased returns
and profitability at Ground.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Can I ask it another way then since it's the same question. And the spread between pricing costs in
Ground was in excess of 300 basis points per package. As B2C recovers, is there any reason why the
spread between price and cost per package should moderate over the next 4 to 5, 6 quarters?

Henry J. Maier
President & CEO of FedEx Ground

Well, I think the last 2 quarters, we've given you some guidance on what we've seen unit costs do as we
move through the pandemic and we move through the shift in the mix of our business. Obviously, we're
going to lap some of those results, but we've had significant reductions in our unit costs as we've gone
through the last year as a result of many of the strategic initiatives we've outlined here, and we're in,
frankly, in Raj's comments. We continue to see considerable operating leverage in the business, and we
would expect margins to improve over time.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Tom Wadewitz with UBS.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes. Let's see. I wanted to -- I think one of the questions that seems to come up is concern about
potential to have some of that strength in international rates that's beneficial for Express, that eventually,
some of that profitability is going to go back as past device-based comes [ back ]. And presumably,
that's out very quickly and that you retain a portion of it. I wanted to see if you could give us a sense
of the potential offset from your cost initiatives. Those numbers, if you look at a couple of years, are
they potentially in the same magnitude? And I'm thinking in particular of integration of some of the B2C
shipments for Express and Ground, but that's helpful on the cost side and potentially TNT and maybe you
have other things in mind.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

So Tom, this is Raj. I'll address it overall. Obviously, it's not possible to give out the numbers by the
individual items that you just talked about. However, we -- let me address it broadly by first saying
that the capacity in the commercial carrier -- passenger carriers, we don't expect it to come back in the
next 12 months, maybe more, and we expect the premium to remain for that period of time. Even if it
does come back, we have the opportunity to flex it, flex our networks. We can -- and that is -- we have
demonstrated that capability to flex up. And we'll be able to flex it down as needed and they become our
partner networks to move deferred traffic. Thirdly, there's a lot of activity that's going on to continue to
improve margins in FedEx Express. Transformation in Europe was one, expansion of last-mile optimization
is another and very solid activity. So we feel very confident about our future of our Express around the
world. I don't know, Don, if you want to add anything more to that?

Donald F. Colleran
President & CEO of FedEx

I think you hit it, Raj. But clearly, we have a playbook on margin -- improving margin expansion in
both our domestic and international business. I think you touched upon it. I did in my earlier comments
about why we're confident over the medium term that the supply and demand curve works in our favor.
Capacity is light, and we think it will continue to remain that way. Until people start traveling again on an
intercontinental basis, we don't think that happens for the next 12 to 18 months because of the various
levels of quarantine restrictions that earn all parts of the globe.

We're working and monitoring -- I would want to highlight that you didn't talk to was our last-mile
optimization plans and the impact that, that has on our margin. I think our Chairman says, density is
our destiny. And as we can continue to improve the density in the ether of our networks, it's very much
margin accretive. We're celebrating the 1-year anniversary coming up on last-mile optimization, working
very closely with Henry and his team. And we're driving a significant amount of volume through the
Ground network. And that -- those numbers are accelerating on a sequential week-over-week, month-
over-month basis.

So there's a lot of leverage that we can pull in our business, the European transformation, the domestic
transformation. We have multiple playbooks in play as we speak to continue with our margin improvement
and expansion.

Frederick W. Smith
Executive Chairman & CEO

Let me add something to that. The LMO initiative benefits in 2 ways: one, it takes lower-yielding
residential packages and deferred packages and rural packages out of the Express network, allowing the
Express system to concentrate on the high priority B2B and the verticals, particularly those that require
ancillary services like SenseAware ID, which is on every single box of vaccines that we're now delivering.
I mean it's almost been flawless, the execution of that. And you can count on your hand the number of
issues with the number of vaccines we've delivered in the millions. And so Express is able to be more
Express in the B2C and the less dense areas, more cost effectively serve. So it's not just one side. It
helps on both sides, which is what Don mentioned about the density, because as we get more residential
packages that are not express in nature, time definite or something that somebody needs in a residence
that Express has to deliver, it helps Ground's density, its cost, its asset utilization.

And I think one of the things that I listen to these calls, the last call, we had 13 questions on Ground
margins. I don't know. We're not going to have 13 this time, but we've probably got half a dozen so far,
wouldn't that be close? So one of the things that's hard for us to communicate to this group, Henry has
mentioned, is the fantastic effect of this technology that we've been rolling out. We don't advertise it all
the time, but Rob and his team and some of the fantastic work we have going on in other ways, that's why
the confidence level is so high that we can achieve these things in the future. So what you all want us to
do is to give it to you in a quarterly forecast and so forth, but some of the numbers that Raj laid out there

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

for you, I mean, they're stunning in the productivity improvements. So I think it's important to look a bit
at the bigger picture of some of these things.

And finally, I'll say, we have a plan to improve Express margins with a lot of passenger capacity in the
marketplace and a plan to improve it without a lot of passenger in the market. It's not an either/or
situation. And so those are the 2 recurring questions that come up in these calls. The e-commerce are
going to go back because everybody -- the pandemic is over, and your margins aren't going to get better,
and you're not going to do well in Express because the passenger is coming back. Those are inherent in
most of the questions, these last 2 calls. Both of those are wrong. So I felt I had to step in finally. I've
tried not to answer any questions, but you're going down the wrong rabbit hole on both of those areas.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I think if I can just offer one more thought. I think it's just like the magnitude, it seems like they're pretty
big programs and pretty favorable. So I think my question was just trying to understand if you're going to
give us a sense of the magnitude at some point. But they may -- I mean what you're doing, it makes a ton
of sense and seems to be a big factor in the results. So anyway, just -- thanks for all the good perspective
on it.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI.

Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess that rules out asking 7 more Ground questions. Just a couple for me. How much of that $350
million is cost versus volume pushed out into this quarter?

Frederick W. Smith
Executive Chairman & CEO

Well, I will tell you, most of the $350 million was revenue related. We did have incremental costs at
Express for, of course, beyond normal expectations for de-icing and snow removal, additional labor costs,
and then I think a couple of you have noted that we had a significant event with one of our facilities in
the Netherlands there as well with the roof collapse. So that is a cost that was in the number as well. But
principally, it is revenue from that, and I'll let Brie talk about the overall evolution of where we are now.

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Yes. I guess the best way to think about March is the fundamentals are back. So we're very confident. If
we take February out, our fundamentals look a lot like they did in January. B2B is strong. SMB is back.
Ground in good shape. So it was February revenue, but we feel very confident about the fundamentals in
March.

Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And then just a quick high-level on vaccine distribution. I wonder if you could talk about any surprises
versus your initial expectations, either the level of activity you've seen and which segment is being
utilized?

Unknown Executive

Yes. Thanks, and it gives me an opportunity to brag on the team a little bit. So I guess if there's anything
that's surprised me and it shouldn't have is how amazing the team is it that provided this exemplary
service. Richard Smith and his organization have done [indiscernible] work to make sure that these
vaccines move through our network. As Fred said, an extremely high level of efficiency, a handful if that
shipments that did not meet service.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

I think what's important to note, though, when we talk about the vaccines, is really not the raw in
absolute numbers that move in our network. In the grand scheme of things, when you look at almost 20
million packages a day moving through our network, this represents a very small portion of that. But what
is important to note is a profound impact that these shipments have when they get to destination. And it
really just validates our purpose, and it's one we take very, very seriously. The amount of lives that we
potentially save, the amount of people we put back to work, the amount of small businesses that reopen,
the borders that can reopen back to normal levels. That's really the story on that vaccines, and that's what
we're most proud about.

So I guess the surprise that really shouldn't have been is the amazing work that our team has done to
galvanize and be energized around this purpose. And they take that purpose very personally. Get up every
morning thinking about the mission that we have to get these vaccines to market so we can get them in
folks's arms. So I couldn't be more proud of the team in the way that brought these vaccines to market
globally. So thanks for asking that question.

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

Yes, let me also jump in on that. I couldn't wait to -- this is one of the most important work that we have
done. And to do the work, to be honest, we need a network. And by that, I mean, you'll be able to pick
it up in any one part of the world and deposit in any other part of the world in a couple of days. That
requires a network. And only a couple of people can actually do -- a couple of companies can actually do
that, and we do that very well.

But you also tied to it, the technology component, the SenseAware ID that Fred talked about that we
rolled that out last year, I mean, it was perfectly timed for the vaccines to provide unprecedented visibility.
And we also launched FedEx Surround last year, which provides the AI and ML predictive capability of what
is going to happen. You put it all together, we have the best service possible. And as the Chairman pointed
out, extremely low level of failures. So again, we are very proud of this work and continue to do our part
in ending this pandemic.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo.

Allison Ann Marie Poliniak-Cusic
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to circle back on the new service capabilities that you talked about within international. Is
there a way to help us understand or quantify sort of the market, who you're expecting to sell, what drove
the development of those products? And any thought on sort of mix? I'm assuming it would be sort of a
better mix business for you longer term. Any thoughts there?

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Sure. So I think when you think about what we're going -- what we have going on in the fourth quarter,
we really actually have 3 kind of expansions from a service perspective. We will have -- actually, we do
have the fastest intra-European ground network as we completed the TNT ground network integration.
That will provide growth, both from a B2B perspective as well as a B2C perspective. So we are absolutely
looking to take share intra-Europe, and we see that with the fastest network in Europe. We're confident we
can do that.

When you think about the intercontinental, we actually, today, have the leading value proposition
from Europe to the United States, and we're going to double that. So we are going to have a dramatic
advantage over both UPS and DHL. We're adding 9 origin countries. So it's going to allow us to really
expand both our B2B share as well as our B2C share outside of the major markets in Europe.

And then third, as we're talking about FICP, the same story outside of the United States is playing out
everywhere in the world with more than 85% of our parcel growth opportunity coming in, in e-commerce.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

And we did not have an international product that really had the right features of service for serving this
massive growth opportunity. And we are under-penetrated. Full disclosure, we are behind both DHL and
UPS in this market today so we see there only upside.

When you think about FICP, its features of service are different from our core B2B products in a couple
of ways. Number one, we've changed the clearance capabilities. So we now have low-value clearance
capabilities, or what we call type 86, which makes it a lower cost entry for the customer. We are
automating our clearance capabilities, which reduces the cost to serve. We are changing the terms and
conditions on the number of attempts that we will make at the last mile. And of course, we're rolling out
retail access points in Europe as well so that we can provide that access directly to retail, again, lowering
the cost to serve.

So in all 3 of these segments, we believe we've got market share upside. But probably most specifically,
on the overnight service to the United States, it's a B2B play. On FICP, it's a rapidly growing opportunity
for e-commerce. I hope that helps clarify.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Scott Group from Wolfe Research.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

So Mike, I just had a few questions for you. You've been highlighting incentive comp the last few quarters.
If we have more of a normal earnings growth year next year, is more of a normal incentive comp
headwind, is that -- that's my question. Then the corporate elimination volume has grown to like a run
rate of about $1 billion a year. I think there's been a bunch of COVID losses in there. Is that something
that should start to normalize to be less of a loss in the future?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Well, Scott, one thing that I would mention in the corporate unallocated line, as we've mentioned
previously, FedEx office results are in there and the print-related revenue, while ADV is up spectacularly at
FedEx Office, the print-related revenue is significantly impacted by the pandemic. So as we start to come
through that, we would anticipate we'll see some improvement there.

On the variable comp, I guess what I would say to you in that is we wouldn't anticipate that to be a
headwind looking at FY '22. I hope that helps.

Operator

And at this time, I'll turn it back to management for closing remarks.

Mickey Foster
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you for your participation in Fedex Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please feel
free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about Fedex. Thank
you very much.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

