FMC Corporation NYSE:FMC
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 10, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.46

1.42

(2.74 %)

1.94

6.25

6.19

(0.96 %)

7.14

1138.43

1152.20

1.21

1296.21

4634.21

4642.10

0.17

4987.17

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-10-2021 1:42 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.81

1.66

1.11

1.46

1.84

1.72

1.22

1.42

1.66 %

3.61 %

9.91 %

(2.74 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew D. Sandifer
Executive VP & CFO

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Michael J. Wherley
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Christopher S. Parkinson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Kevin William McCarthy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Laurent Guy Favre
Exane BNP Paribas, Research
Division

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

Steven Kyle Haynes
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call for FMC Corporation. This event is
being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael Wherley, Director of Investor Relations for FMC
Corporation. Please go ahead.

Michael J. Wherley
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to FMC Corporation's fourth quarter earnings call.
Joining me today are Mark Douglas, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andrew Sandifer, Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mark will review our fourth quarter and full year performance
and provide our outlook for 2021 and the first quarter. Andrew will provide an overview of select financial
items. Following the prepared remarks, we will take questions.

Our earnings release and today's slide presentation are available on our website, and the prepared
remarks from today's discussion will be made available after the call.

Let me remind you that today's presentation and discussion will include forward-looking statements that
are subject to various risks and uncertainties concerning specific factors, including, but not limited to,
those factors identified in our earnings release and in our filings with the SEC. Information presented
represents our best judgment based on today's understanding. Actual results may vary based upon these
risks and uncertainties.

Today's discussion and supporting materials will include references to adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA,
adjusted cash from operations, free cash flow and organic revenue growth, all of which are non-GAAP
financial measures. Please note that as used in today's discussion, earnings means adjusted earnings and
EBITDA means adjusted EBITDA. A reconciliation and definition of these terms as well as other non-GAAP
financial terms to which we may refer during today's conference call are provided on our website.

With that, I will now turn the call over to Mark.

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying the fourth quarter was an
unusually difficult one for our company, and we are disappointed in our earnings results. We exceeded
the midpoint of our guidance on EPS and EBITDA for a long stretch of quarters, principally because of
the strength of our portfolio and our geographic balance, combined with strong execution in the face of
extreme weather events and significant industry-specific supply chain disruptions. This quarter was an
anomaly, and we will be as transparent as always to explain what happened.

We experienced significant logistics and supply chain constraints in the U.S., reduced demand in the U.S.
on some lower-value herbicides, lower demand in Brazil and Argentina following the drought related delay
to the start of the season and products that were held up in Argentine customs. On the positive side, we
saw strong growth in EMEA and, once again, broad growth in Asia.

We had a very strong quarter from a cash flow perspective, which led to full year free cash flow of $544
million, an 80% increase over 2019. We also posted very solid 2020 overall results despite numerous
challenges related to the COVID-19 pandemic and $280 million in revenue headwinds from foreign
currencies. Our organic revenue growth of 7% and our 2% EBITDA growth shows how aggressively we
managed costs and implemented price increases to offset as much of that FX headwind as possible.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

The guidance for Q1 reflects our view of the environment in Brazil as well as continued logistics and supply
chain disruptions occurring around the world. We believe these COVID impacts are perhaps as severe as
at any point over the last year. In addition our very strong Q1 2020 makes this quarter year-over-year
comparison a particularly difficult one.

All of FMC's manufacturing facilities and distribution warehouses remain operational and fully staffed
despite the ongoing pandemic. However, one of our U.S. toll manufacturers was disrupted in Q4 because
of COVID-related staffing issues, illustrating just one of the ongoing business risks during the pandemic.
We successfully completed the implementation of our new SAP system in November. We now have a
single, modern system across the entire company for the first time in our history, which is enabling
significant efficiencies in our back-office processes.

And finally, we give a thorough technology update to investors on November 17, highlighting the
increasingly positive impact new synthetic and biological active ingredients will have on our business over
the next decade and the ways in which we are driving to be the leader in crop protection innovation. We
plan to launch 7 new active ingredients of 4 new biologicals this decade, which we expect will contribute a
combined $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion in incremental sales by 2030.

We recently announced a new collaboration with Novozymes, a world leader in enzyme discovery and
production, to research, co-develop and commercialize biological enzyme-based crop solutions for growers
around the world. This adds to research collaborations and partnerships signed in 2020 with Zymergen
and Cyclica and continues our trend of investing in new and innovative technologies that will enhance our
long-term competitiveness.

Turning to our Q4 results on Slide 3. We reported $1.15 billion in fourth quarter revenue, which reflects
a 4% decrease on a reported basis and 2% organic growth. Despite those headwinds, we posted double-
digit sales growth in Asia, led by India, China, Japan and Australia; and in EMEA, with double-digit growth
across a broad set of countries.

Adjusted EBITDA was $290 million, a decrease of 9% compared to the prior year period. EBITDA margins
were 25.2%, a decrease of 150 basis points compared to the prior year. Adjusted earnings were $1.42 per
diluted share in the quarter, a decrease of 19% versus Q4 2019. This year-over-year decline was primarily
driven by the decrease in EBITDA and increase in tax rate compared to the very low tax rate in Q4 2019
and slightly higher D&A partially offset by lower interest expense and lower noncontrolling interest.

Moving now to Slide 4. Q4 revenue decreased by 4% versus prior year driven by a 5% FX headwind
and a 3% volume decrease. Price increases contributed a positive 4% impact and offset 80% of the FX
headwind, the highest in the past few quarters, to deliver a positive 2% organic growth. Volume growth
in EMEA and Asia was more than offset by weakness in North America and Latin America. Sales in EMEA
increased 45% year-over-year and 42% organically. We saw particularly strong demand for Rynaxypyr
insect control applications for specialty crops as well as herbicides for cereals, especially in France, Spain,
Russia and Germany. We also had significant growth in the U.K. as customers secured orders in advance of
Brexit.

In Asia, revenue increased 11% year-over-year driven by broad volume growth in India, China, Japan
and Australia. India saw strong demand in rice and pulses in the south and in sugarcane in the north,
in addition to the growth from our recent market access expansion activities. Last earnings call, we
highlighted India as a key pillar of growth in Asia, and the strength we saw in Q4 exemplifies this
potential, with India growing over 25% organically in the quarter. China saw robust demand for diamide
insecticides and fungicides on fruit and vegetables. Growth in Australia was driven by demand in
herbicides for cereals and oilseeds, while Japan's strength came from a variety of insecticides.

Moving now to Latin America. Sales decreased 9% year-over-year but grew 4% excluding significant FX
headwinds. Pricing actions across the region offset about 50% of the currency headwind at the earnings
level in Q4, substantially more than in the prior 2 quarters. The Brazil season was delayed by at least 30
days due to hot dry weather, and this delay meant many numerous crops missed applications that will
not return. The drought persisted throughout Q4, resulting in lower-than-expected demand across many
crops, and it also impacted Argentina and other countries in the region.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

For Latin America overall, we estimate that the drought reduced sales by about $30 million. In Argentina,
we also had about $10 million of product held in bonded warehouses that was not released by customs
officials in a timely manner. Although these factors reduced Q4 growth in Argentina, 2020 was still our
best year ever for the country.

In North America, sales decreased 34% year-over-year. Roughly $40 million of this decline was due to
supply chain disruptions, including COVID-related factors associated with logistics and a toll manufacturing
partner, impacting our ability to meet demand late in December. An additional $30 million of the decrease
was due to reduced volume in some lower value preemergent herbicides. Our newer herbicides, such as
Authority Edge, Authority Supreme and Anthem Maxx, continue to add value and grow well.

We should also note our biologicals business had a very strong Q4, with sales up in all regions by at
least a high teens percentage, including very strong sales of Quartzo in Brazil and successful launches of
ACCUDO in EMEA and [indiscernible] in South Korea.

Turning now to the fourth quarter EBITDA bridge on Slide 5. We had a $50 million contribution from higher
pricing, which was nearly double what we realized in Q3. We also aggressively managed costs to offset
nearly all the $30 million year-over-year headwind we had anticipated. However, the FX headwinds were
more severe than expected, and the late volume misses in North America and Latin America were too
large to overcome.

Moving to Slide 6 for a review of our full year results. We reported $4.64 billion in revenue, which reflects
a 1% increase on a reported basis and a 7% organic growth rate. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.25 billion, an
increase of 2% compared to 2019, even with nearly $270 million in headwinds from FX. EBITDA margins
were 26.9%, an increase of 40 basis points compared to the prior year.

2020 adjusted earnings was $6.19 per diluted share, an increase of 2% versus 2019. This increase was
driven by the increase in EBITDA as well as lower interest expense and lower share count, offset partially
by a higher tax rate compared to the very low tax rate in the prior year and higher D&A.

Turning to Slide 7 for some of the drivers behind the full year revenue growth. Overall, volume contributed
4% to revenue growth, while price increased sales by 3%. About $50 million of the 2020 revenue
growth came from product launches within the year. In Asia, sales increased 6% year-over-year and 9%
organically. Market expansion and share gains in India, coupled with a very strong market rebound in
Australia, were the primary drivers. Our diamides were in high demand throughout the region in 2020 as
we continue to grow on specialty crops, such as rice and fruits and vegetables.

Sales in EMEA grew 4% versus 2019 and 6% organically. Demand was driven by diamides on specialty
crops, Battle Delta Herbicide on cereals and Spotlight Plus Herbicide on potatoes. Latin America posted a
1% year-over-year revenue growth, but high single-digit volume growth and solid price increases led to
17% organic growth. Brazil had robust demand for our products for soybeans and sugarcane, while there
was reduced demand acreage for corn.

North America sales decreased 8% as we had channel destocking in the first half and then a tough Q4,
as described earlier. Of note, the Lucento fungicide launch had a strong second year, and Elevest insect
control had a good launch year.

Moving to Slide 8 where you can see our full year EBITDA bridge. Volume contributed 9% to the growth
while a combination of stringent cost controls and price increases offset 70% of the impact of foreign
currencies.

Turning now to Slide 9 and a look at the overall market conditions for 2021. We expect the global crop
protection market will be up low single digits on a U.S. dollar basis. Commodity prices for many of the
major crops are higher, and stock-to-use ratios have improved compared to this time last year. All regions
are seeing some benefit from better crop commodity prices, while the impacts from COVID on crop
demand appear to be lessening.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Growth in Asia is expected to be in the low to mid-single digits, driven by India, Australia and ASEAN.
Favorable weather should contribute in many countries. The weather-related recovery in Australia is
expected to continue.

The other 3 regions are each projected to grow in the low single digits. Growth in the Latin American
market will be strengthened by price recovery from FX headwinds from 2020 in Brazil, continued strength
in the soybean market, an increase of fruit and vegetable exports from Mexico and more normal weather
patterns that are forecasted across the region. In the EMEA market, we are seeing a solid market for
cereals and specialty crops, which should be helped by improved weather in several parts of the region.
The market in North America is projected to have a firm foundation from crop commodity prices, but we
are seeing a trend of distributors and retailers looking to strategically reduce their own inventory levels.
The specialty crop market is stable, but a more significant change in demand will depend on the pace of
the economic recovery.

Taking all the above into consideration, we view 2021 as a more positive ag macro environment than we
did this time last year. Having said that, we are all too well aware of the potential disruptions that COVID
and weather can cause in any one quarter.

Turning to Slide 10 and the review of FMC's full year 2021 and Q1 earnings outlook. FMC full year 2020
earnings are now expected to be in the range of $6.65 to $7.35 per diluted share, a year-over-year
increase of 13% at the midpoint. Consistent with past practice, we do not factor in any benefit from
planned share repurchases in our EPS estimates.

2021 revenue is forecasted to be in the range of $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion, an increase of 8% at the
midpoint versus 2020 and 9% organic growth. We believe the strength of our portfolio will allow us to
deliver this organic growth, continuing a multiyear trend of above-market performance.

EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $1.32 billion to $1.42 billion, which represents a 10% year-
over-year growth at the midpoint. Guidance for Q1 implies year-over-year sales contraction of 7% at the
midpoint on a reported basis and 5% organically. We are forecasting an EBITDA decline of 15% at the
midpoint versus Q1 2020, and EPS is forecasted to be down 18% year-over-year.

Turning to Slide 11 and full year EBITDA and revenue drivers. Revenue is expected to benefit from 7%
volume growth, with the largest growth in Asia, and a 2% contribution from higher prices. FX is forecasted
to be a 1% top line headwind. We are expecting broad growth across all regions. Asia has the best overall
fundamentals, but we're also seeing the benefit of better weather in Europe, strong soybean outlook for
both Latin America and North America and a cotton recovery in Brazil next fall. Because of these factors,
we are expecting a very strong second half of 2020 -- 2021 relative to the first half. New products such as
Overwatch Herbicide in Australia based on our Isoflex active and Xyway fungicide in the U.S. are expected
to make meaningful contributions, and we are also launching Fluindapyr fungicide in the U.S. for noncrop
applications.

We are forecasting a strong year for each of our product areas. In addition to continuing strength of
Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr insect controls, insecticide growth is also expected to come from products
such as Talisman, Hero and Avatar. Herbicides should see growth in several of our top brands, including
Authority, Gamit, [ Riata ] and Spotlight Plus, in addition to the Overwatch launch. And growth in
fungicides is forecasted to be driven primarily by the Xyway launch in the U.S.

Our EBITDA guidance reflects strong volume and pricing benefits, offset partially by increases in R&D
spending as well as the reversal of some of the temporary cost savings from 2020. We are forecasting
a $40 million increase in R&D to bring us to a level of funding that keeps all projects on a critical path
to commercialization. Additionally, we're making growth investments in our farm intelligence and other
precision Ag initiatives, new product launches like Overwatch as well as FMC ventures. We are also
expecting some supply chain cost increases, including logistics and pockets of raw materials. These
headwinds will be partially offset by the realization of the final $15 million of SAP synergies, which will give
us accumulative SAP synergies of approximately $65 million.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Moving to Slide 12 where you see the Q1 drivers. On the revenue line, volume is expected to drive a 6%
decline, while a 1% contribution from higher prices largely offsets the FX headwind. We expect the benefit
of approximately $25 million in sales from Q4. Supply and logistics delays to be captured in Q1. This is
about half of the Q4 impact. In the U.S., this missed timing limits what we can recoup. And in Argentina,
ongoing customers' delays in releasing products could cause us to miss application windows.

There are several headwinds in Q1 revenue that more than offset the flow-through from Q4. First, we're
facing a particularly difficult comparison in Latin America where sales increased 26% year-over-year and
38% organically in Q1 2020. Brazil's cotton business was very strong for us a year ago. This will not be
repeated this season as cotton acreage is down 15%. In EMEA, we are facing continued headwinds from
discontinued registrations and the $15 million in Q4 sales related to Brexit that would normally have been
sold in the first quarter.

Regarding EBITDA drivers, reduced volume is the biggest factor, while pricing is forecast to offset the
FX headwind. Costs are expected to be higher by $12 million, driven primarily by the increased R&D
investments we mentioned earlier.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Andrew.

Andrew D. Sandifer
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Mark. Let me start this morning with a few highlights from the income statement. FX was a 5%
headwind to revenue in the quarter, as expected, with the impact of higher-than-anticipated local currency
denominated sales in Brazil offset in part by a modest tailwind in the Eurozone. For full year 2020, FX was
a 6% headwind to revenue. The Brazilian real represented the vast majority of the FX headwinds in 2020,
followed by the Indian rupee, Pakistan rupee and a broad number of non-euro currencies in EMEA. Pricing
actions offset slightly half of the currency headwinds in the year.

Looking ahead to 2021, we expect a more stable FX environment with only a slight headwind to revenue.
We will continue to take pricing actions in Brazil to recover the FX impacts from 2020. But overall, pricing
will be somewhat dampened by price volume choices being made in our Asia business to drive higher
growth.

Interest expense for the fourth quarter was $34.2 million, down $8.7 million from the prior year period,
benefiting from lower debt balances and lower LIBOR rates. Interest expense for full year 2020 was down
$7.3 million from the prior year, with the benefit of lower interest rates partially offset by changes in debt
outstanding.

Our effective tax rate on adjusted earnings for 2020 was 13.7%, well within our expectations and up from
the very low 2019 rate due to shifts in the geographic mix of taxable earnings and interrelated impacts
from the U.S. minimum tax on foreign earnings. The tax rate in the fourth quarter was 14.4% to true-up
with the full year actual rate. Tax was a headwind to earnings in the quarter due to the very low tax rate
in the prior year period. We expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 12.5% to 14.5% in 2021,
similar to 2020.

Moving next to the balance sheet and liquidity. Gross debt at year-end was $3.3 billion, essentially flat
with the prior quarter, with nearly $600 million of cash on hand. We chose to hold cash on the balance
sheet in advance of the seasonal working capital build we see in the first quarter to avoid having to take
on as much commercial paper in the beginning of the new year. As such, gross debt to trailing 12-month
EBITDA was 2.6x at the end of the year, while net debt-to-EBITDA was 2.3x. We are comfortable we're in
the right leverage range given the excess cash at year-end. We do not expect to carry this level of cash
on a steady-state basis going forward, so you should expect cash balances to decline through the coming
year.

Moving to Slide 13 and a look at 2020 cash flow and the outlook for 2021. Free cash flow for 2020 was
$544 million, with free cash flow conversion from adjusted earnings of 67%, both metrics up 80% from
the prior year period. Adjusted cash from operations increased by about $170 million in 2020, with growth
in working capital more than offset by lower nonworking capital factors and increased EBITDA. Capital

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

additions were down $60 million due to project delays and deferrals related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Legacy and transformation spending was down $14 million with relatively stable legacy spending and
transformation spending lower as we completed our SAP implementation.

We anticipate full year 2021 free cash flow to be in the range of $530 million to $620 million, an increase
of 6% at the midpoint, with free cash flow conversion of 63% at the midpoint. Growth in adjusted cash
from operations and reduced legacy and transformation spending are expected to be partially offset by
a significant year-over-year increase in capital additions. This increase in capital additions comes as we
catch up on projects that were delayed or deferred in 2020 due to the pandemic.

Turning to Slide 14. We're pleased with our strong free cash flow growth and improvement in free cash
conversion. There are a number of moving parts in our 2020 cash flow results and 2020 outlook that
merit some further discussion and will help better explain this trajectory. 2020 free cash flow benefited
from a planned real estate asset sale that will not repeat as well as the unforecasted delay of a lump sum
environmental liability payment we had expected to be paid in December. Excluding these impacts, 2020
free cash flow would have been about $500 million and cash conversion about 62%.

Similarly, 2021 free cash flow is negatively impacted by the timing shift of the environmental liability
payment. Adjusting for this timing shift, 2021 free cash flow would be about $600 million, and cash
conversion 65%. So on a more comparable basis, free cash conversion steps up from 38% in 2019 to 62%
in 2020 and 65% in 2021, getting closer to our 70% to 80% target range for 2023.

I'd note that this view of cash flow, we've not made any adjustments for the abnormally low capital
additions in 2020 or the catch-up to a more normal level in 2021. But this shift is in large part the reason
why cash conversion steps up more slowly in 2021 as the increase in capital additions largely offsets the
step down in transformation cash spending from the completion of the SAP program. You should expect
that capital additions continue in a similar range to 2021 for the next several years to support our organic
growth, including new capacity to support new active ingredient introductions.

Equally as important to growing our free cash flow is the discipline with which we deploy it. As you can
see on Slide 15, we continue our balanced approach to cash deployment. We are fully funding our organic
growth and making modest inorganic investments to enhance our growth. We are then returning the
excess cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while keeping debt at our targeted
leverage levels.

In 2020, we deployed nearly $350 million of cash flow while maintaining excess liquidity throughout the
pandemic. We deployed $65 million to acquire the remaining rights to the fungicide Fluindapyr. We paid
nearly $230 million in dividends, and we repurchased $50 million in FMC shares in the fourth quarter.

In 2021, we expect to accelerate cash deployment. We are planning to repurchase between $400 million
and $500 million worth of FMC shares in the year, with purchases in every quarter of the year, though
more heavily weighted to the second half. We expect to pay dividends approaching $250 million. And
we will continue to look for attractive opportunities to make additional modest inorganic investments to
complement our organic growth and expand our technological capabilities.

I'd like to close with a final update on our SAP S/4HANA ERP system implementation. We had a successful
last go-live in November and are now operating on a single, thoroughly modern system across the entire
company for the first time in our history. The go-live went better than expected, and we have smoothly
transitioned to operating the company and closing the books in the new system.

Our new SAP system has enabled significant efficiencies in our back-office processes. We captured over
$50 million in synergies in 2020, having moved aggressively to accelerate $30 million in planned savings
from 2021 to 2020. We now expect to deliver $15 million in SAP-enabled synergies in 2021, the benefit of
which is reflected in our full year guidance, for a total of $65 million in synergies from implementing the
new system. There will certainly be additional efficiency gains in 2022 and beyond as we further leverage
this generational investment in our business process infrastructure, but we will drive them as part of our
business-as-usual efforts to gain leverage on back-office costs as we continue to grow the company.

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Mark.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Andrew. We had a number of issues in late Q4 that we're having to address. We do not expect
all of them to be resolved in Q1. We do, however, see these issues as transitory and are focused on
ensuring we can mitigate supply chain risks and continue to expand our market growth opportunities.

As you can see from our robust 2021 guidance, we are confident that 2021 will be another year of strong
revenue and earnings growth for FMC. We continue to renew our portfolio, launching 2 new important
products in Q1; we continue to invest in our R&D pipeline; and we remain fully committed to bringing new
sustainable technologies to our customers.

Our overall agenda on sustainability continues to advance with the recent appointment of our first Chief
Sustainability Officer and through new partnerships, like the one recently announced with Novozymes. We
plan to return about $700 million to shareholders this year through dividends and buybacks. And finally,
with our 2021 growth rates above the long-range plan, we remain firmly on track to deliver our 5-year
planned commitments.

Before I close, I'd like to highlight the press release issued yesterday regarding Pierre Brondeau's
retirement as Executive Chairman, effective April 27. I very much appreciate his leadership and look
forward to his continued involvement as Non-Executive Chairman.
I'll now turn the call back to the operator for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And the first question will be from Chris Parkinson with Crédit Suisse.

Christopher S. Parkinson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So many of us are interpreting it as a fairly cautious 1Q guide. You are maintaining your organic revenue
growth despite some challenges. You've long prided yourself on geographic balance and crop diversity,
so can you just hit on the 2 to 3 highlights of growth this year? It seems like you're basically constructive
on Asia and LatAm still and cautious optimism as it comes to certain regions in emerging Europe. So just
any color to help us bridge and help investors sense weaker-than-expected 1Q versus what should be
characterized as still a fairly strong year?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Chris. Listen, it's fairly obvious when you look at the release that what we have -- we have a
weak Q1, yet a very strong full year. And certainly, from our perspective, when we look at what is going on
in Q1, it does bear some relationships to what is happening in the second half of the year, and I'll give you
some color on that.

First of all, when you talk about some headwinds in the quarter, you look at what is happening in Europe.
We have headwinds from loss of registrations. It happens all the time. It just so happens that about 50%
of the total revenue that is lost in the whole year occurs in Q1 in Europe, and that's just purely down to
the types that are sold in Q1 and the timing. So that's one element that's somewhat unique.

I think the second one is really all around Latin America. We highlighted in the script that we had a very
strong cotton business last year, and it really was strong. And this year, it is lower. The acreage is down.
We do have some lingering effects from the drought and missed opportunities. But that all rolls together
very importantly. And it's something that we didn't highlight in the script, but something that operationally
we're managing very carefully. We are watching and managing inventories in Brazil very carefully. There is
no way you go through a fourth quarter like we did with 30 days delay.

I mean put that in perspective, soybeans take 110 days to grow. We had a 30-day delay. Now that means
that some sprays get missed. Those products were already in the marketplace. They didn't get used.
We've told you many times that we manage inventories very carefully. We see that our inventories are
elevated. They are nowhere near as bad as they were 5 years ago, but the industry is elevated as well. We
are making a decision in Q1 to deliberately sell out of inventory, and make no mistake, we're selling nicely
in Q1. EDI, our business on the ground, is actually up year-on-year, but we are not replenishing those
inventories.

Why are we making that decision now? Because it makes the second half of the year and our position in
the marketplace much stronger. We still want to recover price. We didn't fully recover all the price in 2020.
This reduction of inventory puts us in a much better position to get price increases in Q3 and Q4. Allied to
the fact that we already see today that the industry is moving on price. There are many more companies
signaling to the marketplace with letters that are public that they are moving on price. We are doing the
same. So it's very deliberate. We could make a decision. We could sell and have a more normal Q1 in Latin
America, and particularly in Brazil in Q1, or we can reduce the sales today, sell out of inventory and have a
much stronger season '21/'22.

I think there's some other facets as well to the second half that we should highlight. Our growth in Asia is
weighted towards the second half of the year. You've already talked -- we've already talked about India a
couple of times over the last calls. India is very strong in Q3 and Q4. We expect that to continue.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

We've talked about investing in India to get us better market access in underrepresented regions of India,
that continues and will bear fruit as we go through this year. A lot of different crops involved there, rices,
pulse, sugarcane, fruit and vegetables. More importantly, as our market access grows, we're growing our
herbicide portfolio as well, introducing new mixtures, especially into sugarcane, corn and soybeans. So
India is expected to continue that very strong growth path in the second half of the year.

Allied to the fact that in the ASEAN region, we're seeing much better conditions in Vietnam and Thailand
as we drive our rice business and our fruit and vegetables business. We're seeing Indonesia with much
better weather conditions and, again, very similar to India, growing our market access in Indonesia to
geographies where we're not present today. Once again, insecticide sales and herbicide sales in a variety
of crops. And then in China, we see continued momentum as we develop our Rynaxypyr and diamides
business in China.

And then lastly, not only do we expect Brazil to be stronger in the second half given the moves we're
making, other parts of the region are doing very well for us. We continue to expect Argentina will grow.
Our crop exposure is getting better, the portfolios we're introducing are better products there.

In North America, frankly, with what happened in Q4, we should have a much easier comp in terms of our
volumes. So we see that as a very key driver in Q4. And then in Europe, we expect a strong Q3 on cereal
herbicides. We are developing a nice position on cereal herbicides. You've heard me talk about Battle
Delta. That's a product that's growing well. We had a very weak Q3 last year due to weather on cereal. So
this year, we expect much better conditions.

You put all that together, you can see why we're much bullish for the whole year, but you can see why
we have a very different profile Q1 through Q3, Q4. I know that's a very long answer to a very simple
question, but I think it's worth getting it out there because I'm not surprised you asked that question first,
Chris. But the reality is we're setting ourselves up for a very strong second half of the year.

Operator

And the next question will be from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Maybe following up on some of the color, Mark, that you just gave in response to Chris, which is incredibly
helpful. Just thinking about kind of how the fourth quarter played out, there was -- I mean, you came
short of kind of where the initial guide had been by about $55 million on EBITDA. And I just want to clarify
that the expectation is, given the timing, you don't necessarily get most of that back in 2021. And then
maybe additional kind of market color that there was some illusion to distributors reducing inventory in
North America, maybe just elaborate on that point a little bit, it would be helpful.

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Adam. Yes, listen, the first piece, I think, we're saying we're getting -- of the materials
that we had supply chain disruptions through, we're getting about half of that back in Q1. The reality
is, listen, it's a competitive world. Customers want to place orders, you deliver material. If you miss the
delivery, some customers will wait, some won't. And the reality is we did lose some sales. We consider
that transitory. We don't expect that to happen in Q4 next year. The team -- the commercial team will be
working hard to recoup that position, and we're very confident that the products that we have to deliver
then will deliver.

I think the comments on distributors and retailers in the U.S., we've watched this evolve over the last
year or so. And as growers have faced lower income, supply chains have been squeezed more, and I
think -- frankly, I think many others, at our point in the value chain and distribution and retail are paying
much closer attention to working capital. So the comments we're making are more broad-based and it's
something we're aware of.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

We will work with our customers under these circumstances. It's what we do. But we're highlighting it
out there because we believe it's a facet to the industry that needs to be highlighted because everybody
is talking about strong commodity prices and how everything is going to grow rapidly in the U.S. That
may well be true in certain segments, but let's not forget, there is a value chain here that needs to make
money. And the balance sheets are important to many of our customers, and that will get managed
appropriately. So that's why we made that comment because we do see that trend of an increased focus
on working capital and balance sheets.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

All right. That's really helpful. And if I could just sneak in a quick follow-up. As we think about pricing over
the course of the year, I guess, on one hand, there's some carryover pricing from the actions in Brazil and
South America that you took in the second half, but it seems like the pricing side of things is going to be
more back half weighted as well. Is that fair?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, you think about -- we're entering -- once we hit Q3, we enter a whole new season in Latin
America. That's clearly where we're looking to recover most of the lag that we had in 2020. It's normal. It
happens year-to-year. But we're very confident that we will get it.

We do have pricing in the first half of the year. We have -- about 1/3 of the total for the full year is in the
first half, 2/3 second half. But really, it follows the seasons. And Latin America is the big season. Allied to
some pricing in Europe as well, but mainly Latin America.

Operator

The next question will come from Steve Byrne with Bank of America Securities.

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

So Mark, your 2021 outlook is at a low single digits increase in most regions. Your own organic revenue
growth is near double digits, high single digits. I'm curious to hear your view or on -- directionally, how do
you think those estimates changed in the last 6 months? If we roll back 6 months, near month futures for
corn, soybeans, wheat and cotton were all significantly lower. Corn may not be a big crop for you but it's
nearly doubled in that much time. How would you say that is affecting the use of crop chems in 2021? Is
this potentially increased application rates that would be driving that? The low single-digit market growth?
Or is this potentially more tolerance to higher pricing that's driving that? Just curious to hear your views
on the impact of crop commodity prices.

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Steve. I think our view over the last year has become more optimistic as we've gone along.
We've been forecasting for the last few years sort of a flattish tight market. And frankly, we've been pretty
close to where the market has really finished up. You can tell by our organic growth rates and revenue
growth rates that we are above the top end of our 5-year plan sort of numbers, so we do consider it a
good year.

Clearly, when you have strong commodity prices like we see, growers are going to spend money to protect
the crops. They want the highest yields, therefore, they get the most value. So I think it's going to be a
combination of a couple of things. Price recovery in Latin America, as I said, is going to be important. The
good news is Brazilian growers, Argentinian growers, the Mexico fruit and veg growers, they're all in much
better shape than they were 12 months, 18 months ago. So they're feeling confident.

We do expect to see acreage increase in Latin America on top of the good prices. So soy should be
increased. We would expect cotton to bounce back quite considerably next year. So I think it's going to be

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

more of a combination impact of price in Latin America and then really maximizing our customers' ability
to get the highest yields by using the better products. And frankly, that's why our diamides -- one of the
reasons our diamides has been doing so well around the world is the fact that they do enhance yield and
allow the growers to get that productivity.

So bottom line for me, Steve, I think we are more confident than we were 12 months ago. These growth
rates are higher than we would have had 12 months ago for 2021. And we're confident that our grower
customers are going to be looking for the best solutions to improve yield.

Operator

The next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

Steven Kyle Haynes
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Steve Haynes on for Vincent. I just want to ask a question on some of the COVID-related costs that
are coming back. Can you quantify how much is coming back? And maybe what the risk might be in either
direction for that number?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. When we look at where we are today and we think about that $90 million of cost that we have year-
over-year, we think roughly about $25 million to $30 million is really what we would call COGS increases.
I was very deliberate in my comments that we do see disruptions and logistics costs that are higher than
they have been at any time. You can go and look at any of the data out there and look at shipping rates.
Shanghai to Rotterdam a year ago was about $1,700 a container. It's now $9,300 a container. That is real
increase that we simply don't control. We can try and mitigate it as much as possible, but there are real
logistics costs out there that are starting to flow through many industries. And this is not peculiar to our
industry or even FMC, we hear about it and see about it in many of the industries.

I think the other piece is we are starting to see some raw material and active ingredient increases coming
out of China. It would appear that parts of China, and particularly the north, have had supply constraints
due to pockets of COVID and those are starting to ripple through. So we've been very careful on raw
material costs, but we do believe we will see higher raw material costs, not across the board but in
pockets through 2021.

So that's how we kind of get to that $25 million to $30 million increase. It's not broad-based. It is more
pockets of activity, but I do think you're going to hear more about it as more people get into the year and
talk about their cost structures.

Operator

And our next question will come from Mark Connelly with Stephens.

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Mark, I was hoping you could give us an update on your diamide licensing and partnership projects, you
have a whole lot of those. And also on what are your capacity expansion plans? And maybe tell us how
your diamide portfolio performed in 2020?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure, Mark. So on the first one with the diamides third-party relationships, they are continuing to
evolve. I think the last time I gave you an update, we said we had about 40 to 41 agreements around the
world. That number is up to about 50 today. So commercial teams are continuing to develop those local
relationships as well as some of the global relationships that we have.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Diamides has grown very strongly, as you and everybody else knows. Last year, I think we finished just
north of $1.8 billion in revenue in size, up from an initial $1.1 billion when we acquired the business. We
-- I think the business grew in the mid- to high single digits last year, closer to the high single digits. On
an organic basis, it would be even higher than that, we just don't track it at the product level. So very
successful.

The registration side of this, I've talked about in the past and it continues to evolve. When I think about
2020, between Cyazypyr and Rynaxypyr, we had over 70 brand-new registrations in the year, and that
is essentially driving you into new geographies. I think there's something like 21 brand-new crops added
with those registrations. So those are crops that we've never been on before.

So you can see why we keep that registration portfolio very close to heart because that's one of the key
drivers. Not only do we have to keep the market access going but we also have to get those brand-new
registrations. So from our perspective, we track it very closely. I could give you -- I'll throw you some
numbers out that you may find interesting.

In 2018, we had 106 Cyazypyr registrations around the world, we are now at 173. And then when you
look at Rynaxypyr, we had 170 in 2018, we're now at 250. So people often ask, well, why does that
matter? It gets you new access. It gives the commercial groups new markets to go sell against older
chemistries that are out there.

So I expect that growth rate to continue, as we've said for many years, as we go forward. At some point
this year, probably in the August call or -- yes, probably the August call, we'll give more details around
the third-party relationships, where are they going, what do the encompass. I think we owe that to our
investor community. We've talked about it in sort of a high-level term. I think it's time now that -- we
have over 50 of these in place, that we have to start giving some more granularity here.

Operator

And the next question will be from Laurent Favre with Exane BNPP.

Laurent Guy Favre
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

Mark, I've got a question on the phase out. I think, historically, you've talked about 1% to 2% impact for
the full year. I was wondering if 2021 is expected to be much bigger than that. And also, can you talk a
little bit about, I guess, the product categories? Is it all in Europe, for instance? Any color on that would be
helpful.

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Laurent. We are forecasting about 2% headwind due to registration losses. Interestingly
enough, this year -- last year, it was heavily, heavily focused on Asia and parts of Latin America. This year,
it's roughly split 50-50 between Europe and Latin America. It's a combination of some older insecticides
and some older fungicides/herbicides. Nothing that's really big, not like when in 2019 when we removed
carbofuran, which was the bulk of what we saw the impact last year. This is more a myriad of smaller
products. Some is deliberate on our side, cleanup of the portfolio, reducing that portfolio impact. But
frankly, there's no major one. It's I would probably say 6 or 7 different compounds spread across that 2%.

I think that's a fair rate. We've talked about roughly on average about a 1.5% drag due to registration or
deliberate actions by ourselves. The last couple of years are pretty close to that 2% range. I don't have
a good view yet of 2022. Our regulatory team will be telling us what that looks like. But I think for your
modeling, you should plug in that 1.5% to 2% sort of drag going forward on a longer-term basis.

Laurent Guy Favre
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

Okay. So it's almost 4% for Q1 then? I guess, that's what you're hinting at.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's much higher in Q1 because about 50% of the European impact, which is roughly half of the 2%, is
in Q1. So it's a bit of a higher lumpiness in Q1 than it would be the rest of the year, Laurent.

Operator

The next question will be from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just a couple of questions. So Mark, you talked about some missed -- I think you talked about some
missed opportunities with cotton in Brazil. Can you elaborate on that? Is that not just acre shift? Did
you miss some business or some share on cotton in Brazil? And then also, are you seeing more generics
pressure -- or generic pressure, I guess, in North America? How is that playing into your forecast?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. You're right on cotton, Joel. Cotton is not necessarily missed opportunity, it is lower acreage. The
missed opportunity I was referring to is more on the soy complex and some of the crops because of the
drought. Cotton is purely around just 15% acreage reduction is an enormous reduction in cotton in Brazil.
So hopefully, that clarifies that for you.

On generics, yes, I have to say. I think at the low end of our preemergent business, we are seeing more
generic pressure. And our North American team makes decisions on an annual basis do they want to
compete in that low end or are they continuing to focus their marketing efforts on the high end. Obviously,
this year, we decided we were not going to go take volume at low margin. It didn't suit what we wanted
the business to look like. It wouldn't have helped our inventories, that's for sure. So we decided to focus
on the high-end Authority Supreme, Authority Max.

And actual fact, it really suits where the market is going because as weed resistance builds, it is the
tougher-to-control weeds that the growers are willing to pay the high premiums for to allow you to get
rid of those weeds. The older formulations, the more, how should I say, simpler, less sophisticated, more
generic formulations are not actually performing in those fields. So for us, it's quite a natural life cycle
progression to move away from those generic products.

Elsewhere in the portfolio, I would say the generic pressure is probably as normal as it's always been.
Preemergent, we highlighted it because we felt it was a significant event in the quarter and it needed to
be talked about. The positive to take from that is our formulation expertise moves us forward with new
products that allow us to continue to take market share at the high end.

Operator

The next question will come from Michael Sison with Wells Fargo.

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Mark, you gave a -- you do a nice job giving us the adjusted EBITDA bridge for '21. Looks like you'll
need about $180 million 2Q through 4Q. So when you think about that $180 million, how much of that is
seemingly within your control? You've got some new products coming out, maybe a good portion of that is
the diamides? And then where do you think the -- how much is that risk from sort of pest pressures and
weather and stuff like that?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Yes, Mike, listen, I mean, when we forecast forward, we tend to forecast what we call normal conditions.
So that would be normal weather, normal pest pressures. I mean, obviously, the further out you forecast,
the more variance there could possibly be. But today, I would say there is obviously 2 pieces: volume and
price. I would say right now, we're feeling very good about the price piece, given what we're seeing in
Latin America in the marketplace.

From a volume perspective, also very confident, given the fact that a lot of the growers are in much better
position than they were 12 months ago. And you shouldn't underestimate the psychology of farmers. That
is a very important aspect to how they think forward, how they will prepare for a strong season and what
that means for us to feed that value chain as we get into the season.

So obviously, listen, both price and volume, we don't ultimately control. They are part of the marketplace.
But I feel very confident that given where the business is positioning itself, the new product growth, the
continued growth of diamides, our ability to move price, which we've shown as we went through last year,
we gathered each quarter was higher than the last. And we eventually ended up in not a bad place at all,
especially in Latin America.

So just think of it in terms of, I would say, normal risk. Yes, weather will play a part as well pest pressure,
but we're forecasting it to be normal and pretty confident of that forecast.

Operator

The next question will be from Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

Just had a couple of questions in terms of just thinking broadly about kind of the trajectory of your
EBITDA margins over the next several years. How much of the growth do you see coming from price/mix
improvements versus kind of the implementation of SAP? And if, in fact, the cost increases from China
or the cost of some of the raw materials increase, how confident are you in your ability to kind of hold or
preserve margins in that type of environment through 2021?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Mike. Listen, at the end of the day, when you think of our long-range plan, 5 to 7 top line, 7
to 9 bottom line, we actually do that on a nonadjusted FX basis, i.e., it's essentially a volume plan. And if
FX goes against us, we'll move price and that will adjust. I think the confidence you should have in 2021
relays itself at here we are 3 years into our plan, and we are right in the ranges where we should be.
Despite the fact that in 2019, we had something like $150 million of headwind on cost, and in 2021, we
had about $270 million, $280 million headway on FX, yet here we are still in the middle of our planned
range.

So it's very -- it should give you a lot of confidence that we know how to manage these. Yes, you can have
dislocations in a quarter, obviously, but if you think about '19, '20, '21, that's a very strong track record of
delivery with almost pretty close to, if not more than, $400 million of headwind over this 3-year period.

Andrew, do you want to talk about costs?

Andrew D. Sandifer
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Look, Mike, I think there's a -- as we've talked about for quite some time, there's a combination of
both the faster growth of higher-value products, higher-margin products as well as SG&A leverage, both
from SAP synergies and just also from other leverage and growing the business. And on that -- you've
seen that trajectory. We were at a 25.9% EBITDA margin in 2018. Grew that -- expanded that by 60 basis
points in 2019, expanded another 40 basis points in 2020 in the face of the cost and FX headwinds Mark
described. And at the midpoint of our guidance, this year, we're expecting to expand margins another 50
basis points.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

So the next couple of years, it is still that balanced story between SG&A leverage and mix improvement
that will allow us to keep driving up that trajectory. Year 3 of the 5-year plan, we're at 150 basis points of
margin expansion against the goal of 250 to 300. So particularly in light of the headwinds we face, we feel
like we're exactly where we need to be on that trajectory, and we feel very confident about continuing on
it.

Operator

And the final question will come from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.

Kevin William McCarthy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Mark, I was wondering if you might elaborate on 2 items that you called out: first, the Brexit-related boost
to sales in EMEA in the fourth quarter; and then second, the tolling issue that you cited in North America.
Can you talk a little bit about the nature of that tolling relationship? What the magnitude of the hit was
and the extent to which it may or may not be extending into the first quarter, please?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure, Kevin. So yes, Brexit -- we have a strong business in the U.K. We sort of think about it in terms
of a -- roughly a $15 million to $20 million swing between Q4 and Q1 on a revenue basis. I have to say,
when we put the plans in place with our customers, I was skeptical that it would be needed. But given
what we've seen in the U.K. and Europe with regards to freight and logistics, I'm very pleased we actually
did that. I know it makes Q1 look a little worse, but the reality is I'm glad we did it.

On the second piece with the toll manufacturing relationship, it is a toll manufacturer that we've used
for many years. They were in a particular hotspot related to COVID and simply could not get staff and
could not make the products that we needed in the time frame that we needed it. We are making some
adjustments to our network to obviously help mitigate some of that. We're not seeing that reoccurring in
Q1. Frankly, most of that business occurs in Q4 from a tolling perspective anyway, so you wouldn't really
expect it to see.

I think what it highlights for us is we do a very good job of mitigating raw material intermediate
movements around the world where we might have issues. Of course, we do employ, like many other
companies, many toll manufacturers, and we really do have to we have to pay attention to every single
one all the time. This one, we did not have the right communication flow, and obviously, we paid a price
for that. You can rest assured that we've learned the lesson there, and it will not be happening again,
either there or anywhere else.

And then the -- and the second piece of that was the logistics element. There was a lot of logistics issues
in Q4 that we had to overcome. Some of it was related to lack of drivers in parts of the world, we've seen
that in the U.S., and some of it was related to more warehousing. But the reality is the toll manufacturer
was the big piece.

Michael J. Wherley
Director of Investor Relations

That is all the time that we have for the call today. Thank you, and have a good day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the FMC Corporation conference call. We thank you for attending.
You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FMC CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

