Gartner, Inc. NYSE:IT
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 03, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.53

0.91

Revenue  (mm)

930.46

994.60

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 9:58 AM GMT

71.70

6.89

0.28

3.18

3.49

970.27

3895.61

4361.89

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.82

0.32

0.81

0.53

1.18

1.20

1.20

0.91

SURPRISE

43.90 %

275.00 %

48.15 %

71.70 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

Presentation

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

David Cohen
Group Vice President of Investor
Relations

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jake Leonard Williams
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Gartner Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Cohen, Gartner's GVP of
Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.

David Cohen
Group Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Call, and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig
Safian, Chief Financial Officer.

This call will include a discussion of third quarter 2020 financial results and our updated outlook
for 2020 as disclosed in today's earnings release. In addition to today's earnings release, we have
provided a detailed review of our financials and business metrics and an earnings supplement for
investors and analysts. We have posted the press release and the earnings supplement on our website,
investor.gartner.com. [Operator Instructions]

On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, but the
adjustments as described in our earnings release. All growth rates in gene's comments are FX neutral,
unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor
Relations section of the gartner.com website.

Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2020 foreign exchange
rates unless stated otherwise. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements
made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary
materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those
contained in the company's 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well
as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents.

Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Good morning. Welcome to our quarterly earnings call. Thanks for joining us. Business leaders need
help in all times, but during highly uncertain times like today, they need help more than ever. Those
that know Gartner know we are the best source for how to survive and thrive in these difficult times.
Beginning in Q1, we made significant changes in response to the pandemic and economic downturn. Our
strategy is to ensure our research content addresses the most critical priorities of our clients at any point
in time. When the pandemic hit, the rate of change in the world increased dramatically, we responded with
agility. We accelerated the creation of new, highly relevant content for our clients across every function.
Topics included adapting to COVID-19, shifting to remote work, accelerating the transition to digital
business, strengthening diversity, equity and inclusion across the enterprise and more. Clients have highly
valued this content addressing their mission-critical priorities. Client engagement with our experts rose
significantly. During Q3, client interactions increased more than 20% year-over-year to over 120,000
interactions.

Gartner conferences delivered the same unparalleled insights and advice to those who wanted an
immersive experience. Seat holders who attend our conferences received great value, which results in
higher retention. Non-seat holders equally received great value and are a great source of highly qualified

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

leads for our research sales force. Once the pandemic hit, we pivoted to virtual conferences to replace
our traditional in-person destination conferences. So far, we've delivered 7 virtual conferences through
October, and the performance of these conferences has exceeded our expectations. IT Symposium Expo
is our flagship conference series for senior IT executives. We recently held our IT Symposium Americas
virtually. It was a resounding success. More than 15,000 executives attended, and that's about double
the number that attended Orlando Symposium in person last year. Attendees were highly engaged and
participated in an average of 11 live sessions. More than 80% of IT Symposium Americas attendees rated
the conference is meeting or exceeding their expectations. Attendee scores for the keynotes were on par
with the in-person conferences from last year.

Exhibitors are also an important element of our conferences. We've been working with them to create a
great experience for both attendees and themselves. While exhibitor revenues were lower when compared
to our in-person conferences from last year, they exceeded our expectations. Early on, there was great
uncertainty as to whether virtual conferences would be viable. The results of the 7 virtual conferences
we've held to date demonstrate we can achieve attendance while delivering high-value to both attendees
and exhibitors.

We're early in the virtual conference journey, and each one we've held has been better than the last.
We're a learning organization. We'll continue to get even better by taking the experience from each
conference and improving on the next. We have 8 more virtual conferences planned for 2020 and have
already have more than 21,000 attendees registered. So we were extremely agile in serving the needs of
our clients by adapting our content and pivoting to virtual conferences. We were just as agile in adapting
our operations for the new environment. We went from an in-office to completely remote, and we now
have achieved the same level of operational effectiveness as we had in the office.

We entered early and decisively at the beginning of the pandemic to optimize our costs and prepare
for a wide range of scenarios. We've achieved strong cost savings by working smarter, not just by
getting by with less. For example, we've established specialized teams to handle some tasks such as
background research. Previously, this was done individually by all our experts rather than specialized
teams. The specialized teams do this research in fewer hours and often with higher quality because
of the specialization. In addition, we have automated some of this work through technologies such as
web mining, which further lowers the cost and increases the overall quality. So these changes didn't
begin during the pandemic, but because of the pandemic, we accelerated the pace. In addition to cost
savings and operational efficiencies, we also took several steps to preserve liquidity and maintain financial
strength.

We now have a capital structure with less maturity risk and more flexibility. So we accelerated the creation
of new, highly relevant content for our clients across every function. We successfully pivoted to virtual
conferences, which were well-attended and delivered high-value to our clients. Our clients are more
engaged than ever. Beyond client engagement, we adapted our operations to work remotely just as
effectively as we do from our offices. And we combine this with early and decisive actions to optimize
our cost structure and our balance sheet. The combination of these factors has resulted in improvements
across most of our operational metrics compared to Q2. The improvement in our operational metrics in
turn has resulted in improvements in our Q3 financial metrics and guidance compared to Q2. Revenue and
EBITDA are performing better than we expected, and free cash flow generation is very strong.

To provide more details on our financial performance and increased guidance. I'll now turn the call over to
our CFO, Craig Safian.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Gene, and good morning. I hope everyone remains safe and well. Third quarter results were
ahead of our expectations, and we raised our full year guidance to reflect a modestly better demand
environment and strong cost management. We had another successful bond offering during the quarter,
and amended and extended our credit facility through 2025. As of September 30, we have a stronger
balance sheet than we did at the start of the year. We have significant liquidity, which gives us financial
flexibility. We reduced our maturity risk, and our annual interest expense will be lower starting in 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

As we have gotten more clarity on the economy and gauged our business performance over the past
several months, we've resumed targeted spending. While we continue to manage our costs carefully,
we remain focused on positioning ourselves to rebound strongly as the economy recovers. Third quarter
revenue was $995 million, down 1% both as reported and FX neutral. Excluding conferences, our revenues
were up 5% year-over-year, FX neutral. In addition, contribution margin was 67%, up more than 300
basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $168 million, up 20% year-over-year and up 19% FX
neutral.

Adjusted EPS was $0.91. And free cash flow in the quarter was a very strong $229 million. Research
revenue in the third quarter grew 6% year-over-year on a reported and FX-neutral basis. Third quarter
research contribution margin was 72%, benefiting in part from the temporary cost avoidance initiatives
we put in place starting in the first quarter. As we have seen improvements in the macro environment, we
have resumed growth spending and started to restore some of the compensation and benefit programs
which we had put on hold when the pandemic first hit. Total contract value was $3.4 billion at September
30, representing FX-neutral growth of 5% versus the prior year.

Global technology sales contract value at the end of the third quarter was $2.8 billion, up 5% versus the
prior year. The more challenging selling environment that began in March continued through the third
quarter and had an impact on most of our reported metrics. Client retention for GTS was 80%, down
about 160 basis points year-over-year, but up modestly from last quarter, while our retention for GTS
was 99% for the quarter, down about 600 basis points year-over-year GTS new business declined 7%
versus last year. We ended the third quarter with enterprises down about 3% from last year. The average
contract value per enterprise continues to grow. It now stands at $227,000 per enterprise in GTS, up
9% year-over-year. Growth in CV per enterprise reflects the combination of upsell, increased number of
subscriptions and price.

In addition, we continue to see higher churn among the lower spending clients. At the end of the third
quarter, the number of quota-bearing associates in GTS was down about 8% year-over-year. We expect
to end 2020 with more than 3,100 quota-bearing associates. A slight decline from the end of 2019. We
entered this year with a large bench, which we have now fully deployed. For GTS, the year-over-year
net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning period quota-bearing headcount was
$41,000 per salesperson, down about 60% versus the third quarter of last year. Despite the challenging
macro environment, GTS CV grew in nearly all of our 10 largest countries. And similar to last quarter,
was up double digits in Brazil, Japan, France and the Netherlands. CV grew across all sectors, except for
transportation and media. Across our entire GTS sales team, we sold significant amounts of new business
in the quarter to both existing and new clients. New logos continue to be a significant contributor to our
CV growth.

Finally, despite some net churn in clients, we continue to see increased spending by retained clients on
average, although not quite enough to offset dollar attrition. This speaks to the compelling client value
proposition we offer in both strong and challenging economic environments. Overall, GTS retention and
new business improved in the third quarter as compared to the second quarter. Global business sales
contract value was $656 million at the end of the third quarter. That's about 20% of our total contract
value. CV growth was 6% year-over-year as reported and 5% on an organic basis. CV growth in the
quarter was led by our supply chain and human resources teams. All practices positively contributed to the
6% CV growth rate for GBS with the exception of marketing. GBS new business was strong, up 14% over
last year.

As we've discussed the last 3 quarters in the marketing practice, we are transitioning away from some
lower-margin products. This has created short-term headwinds, but is expected to improve profitability
in a normal environment. GXL is now more than 50% of GBS total contract value, an important milestone
on the path to long-term sustained double-digit growth in GBS. Client retention for GBS was 82%, up 117
basis points year-over-year, while retention for GBS was 99% for the quarter, up 220 basis points year-
over-year. We ended the third quarter with GBS enterprises down about 9% from last year as we continue
to see churn of legacy clients. The average contract value per enterprise continues to grow. It now stands
at $140,000 per enterprise in GBS, up 16% year-over-year. Growth in CV per enterprise reflects upsell, an
increased number of subscriptions, penetration of new functional areas and price.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Despite the pandemic, our retained clients are continuing to spend more with us every year, although
not quite enough to offset dollar attrition. At the end of the third quarter, the number of quota-bearing
associates in GBS was down 7% year-over-year. We expect to end 2020 with roughly flat head count at
the end of 2019 in GBS. For GBS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the
beginning period quota-bearing headcount was $38,000 per salesperson, up from last year.

Overall, GBS had a good third quarter driven by a strong double-digit year-over-year improvement in new
business. As you know, the conferences segment has been materially impacted by the global pandemic.
We canceled all in-person destination conferences for the remainder of 2020. We pivoted to producing
virtual conferences with a focus on maximizing the value we deliver for our clients. We held 2 virtual
conferences in the third quarter after producing pilots in the second quarter. We also held a number of
virtual Evanta meetings, shifting these 1-day local conferences online due to the pandemic. Conferences
revenue for the quarter was $13 million, a combination of the 2 virtual conferences and a number of
virtual Evanta meetings. We are still in the early stages of all forms of virtual conferences, and we'll
continue to leverage customer feedback as we develop, refine and grow our virtual conference offerings.
The revenue mix of our virtual conferences is different from the mix from in-person conferences.

First, in Q3, our revenues were split between virtual conferences and virtual Evanta meetings with a
higher mix from Evanta meetings than last year. Attendee revenue at virtual conferences is from 2
sources. Tickets that are purchased as a stand-alone item, either online or through our sales teams or
entitlement associated with a broader research contract. As we've detailed in the past, a small portion
of many research contracts gets attributed to the conferences segment. The vast majority of the Q3 and
expected Q4 attendee revenue is from subscription contract entitlements. These are entitlements, which
would have been applied to in-person conferences in 2020. Or in some cases, in 2021. We continue to
refine our exhibitor offerings for virtual conferences. We expect Q4 exhibitor revenue to be a much smaller
part of overall conferences revenue than in the past.

We continue to incur costs, both in cost of services and SG&A to support virtual conferences and to be in
a position to resume in person conferences when it is safe and permitted. Lastly, the timing of receiving
conference cancellation insurance claims remains uncertain. So we will not record any recoveries and
expenses incurred until the receipt of the insurance proceeds.

Third quarter consulting revenues decreased by 4% year-over-year to $89 million. On an FX-neutral basis,
revenues declined 6%. Consulting contribution margin was 32% in the third quarter, up over 300 basis
points versus the prior year quarter. Margins were up primarily due to cost reduction actions. Labor-based
revenues were $74 million, down 5% versus Q3 of last year or 6% on an FX-neutral basis. Labor-based
billable head count of 737 was down 9%. Utilization was 60%, up about 300 basis points year-over-year.
Backlog at September 30 was $96 million, down 12% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. Our backlog
provides us with about 4 months of forward revenue coverage.

As we discussed last quarter, we had a small workforce action in the consulting business to align our
billable head count with our revenue outlook for the balance of the year. Our contract optimization
business was down 3% on a reported basis versus the prior year quarter. This compares to a 74% growth
rate in the third quarter last year. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is
highly valuable.

SG&A increased 2% year-over-year in the third quarter and 1% on an FX-neutral basis. SG&A as a
percentage of revenue increased in the quarter as we restored certain compensation and benefits costs.
EBITDA for the third quarter was $168 million, up 20% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 19%
FX neutral. As I mentioned earlier, we had stronger-than-expected top line performance and continue our
disciplined focus on expenses. We also continue to see a meaningful benefit from significantly lower-than-
normal travel costs. Depreciation in the quarter was up approximately $2 million from last year, although
flat with the second quarter as a result of additional office space that had gone into service before the
pandemic hit. Amortization was about flat sequentially.

Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $29 million, up from $22
million in the third quarter of 2019. Net interest expense is up because our interest rate swaps at
higher fixed rates than the ones which expired last year. The Q3 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

calculation of adjusted net income was 20% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net
income was 26.4% in the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q3 was $0.91. Operating cash flow for the quarter was
$244 million compared to $220 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was primarily driven
by cost avoidance initiatives, partially offset by an earlier interest payment due to the refinancing. CapEx
for the quarter was $15 million, down 59% year-over-year. Lower CapEx is largely a function of lower real
estate expansion needs due to the pandemic.

We define free cash flow as cash provided by operating activities and less capital expenditures. Free cash
flow for the quarter was $229 million, which is up 25% versus the prior year. This includes outflows of
about $10 million of acquisition, integration and other nonrecurring items. Free cash flow as a percent
of revenue, or free cash flow margin was 15% on a rolling 4-quarter basis, continuing the improvement
we've been making over the past few years. Free cash flow as a percent of GAAP net income was about
285%. Free cash flow benefited from continued strong collections, combined with reductions in outflows
from our cost avoidance initiatives, lower capital expenditures and lower cash taxes and deferrals of
certain tax payments. While we've seen timing benefits to our free cash flow margin from significantly
lower CapEx and our ability to defer certain tax payments, even excluding these, LTM free cash flow
margin is still up about 200 basis points versus the prior year.

During the quarter, we took advantage of historically attractive high-yield bond pricing and issued $800
million of new 10-year senior unsecured notes with a 3.75% coupon. We used the proceeds from this new
issuance to extinguish our 2025 bonds, which carry a 5% and 8% coupon. We also amended and extended
our credit facility to September 2025 with attractive financial terms, increased flexibility and fewer less
restrictive covenants. The overall impact of the financing activities resulted in a 50 basis point reduction
to total cost of borrowing. The combination of the capital markets activities in the past 6 months has
extended our debt maturity profile to nearly 8 years versus less than 3 years pre-pandemic.

Our September 30 debt balance was $2 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA is
about 2.5x. Our total modified net debt covenant leverage ratio was 2.3x at the end of the third quarter,
well within the 5x covenant limit.

At the end of the third quarter, we had $554 million of cash. After pausing share repurchases at the start
of the pandemic, we are in a position to resume our normal capital allocation programs. Going forward,
we will deploy excess cash for share repurchases and strategic tuck-in acquisitions. At the end of the
quarter, we had about $1 billion of revolver capacity and have around $680 million remaining on our share
repurchase authorization. We are updating our full year outlook to reflect Q3 performance, a modestly
better demand environment, including the successful launch of virtual conferences and cost restoration
plans.

Last quarter, when updating guidance, we were cautious because we had only been through 1 full quarter
of the pandemic, and we had 2 quarters remaining in the year. With more experience, better performance
and more visibility, we have updated our guidance accordingly.

We now forecast research revenue of at least $3.57 billion for the full year. This is growth of almost
6% versus 2019 and reflects a continuation of third quarter new business and retention trends. For the
conferences segment, we are generating revenue from our virtual conferences. We now expect revenue
of $110 million for the full year. This reflects our initial success in launching virtual conferences and
virtual Evanta meetings. The majority of the incremental revenue we expect in conferences is from
entitlements included in some of our subscription contracts, as we discussed earlier. We now forecast
consulting revenue of at least $370 million for the full year, or a decline of about 6%. The consulting
outlook continues to contemplate a slowdown in labor-based demand. The timing of revenue in the
contract optimization business can be highly variable, as you know.

Overall, we expect consolidated revenue of at least $4.05 billion. That's a reported decline of about
5% versus 2019. Excluding conferences, we expect revenue growth of at least 4.5% versus 2019 on
a reported basis. The cost avoidance programs we put in place in March have allowed us to protect
profitability and conserve cash. We started to resume certain spending late in the second quarter as the
operating environment appears to have at least stabilized. We want to ensure we are well positioned
for an economic normalization. We expect full year adjusted EBITDA of at least $740 million. That's full

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

year margins of about 18.3%, up from the 16.1% margins we had in 2019. We expect our full year 2020
net interest expense to be $106 million. We continue to expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for
2020. This does imply a higher fourth quarter rate than we've seen throughout 2020, consistent with our
experience in recent years. We expect 2020 adjusted EPS of at least $4.07. For 2020, we expect free cash
flow of at least $625 million. Our free cash flow guidance reflects both the P&L outlook we just discussed,
strong CapEx management and better than previously forecasted collections. All the details of our full year
guidance are included on our Investor Relations site.

In summary, despite a very uncertain economic environment, we delivered better-than-planned financial
results in the third quarter, which has allowed us to update our full year outlook favorably. Most of our key
operating metrics improved in the quarter, and we were able to successfully launch and monetize virtual
conferences and virtual Evanta meetings. Cash flow was outstanding. And we have taken a number of
measures to increase our financial flexibility, reduce maturity risk and ensure we have ample liquidity.
We will continue to balance cost avoidance programs with targeted investments and restoration of certain
expenses to ensure we are well-positioned to rebound when the economy recovers.
With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler from Baird.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So I always find your sales productivity metric, NCVI for beginning -- a little bit challenging during periods
of a lot of acceleration or deceleration. One of the things that jumped out to me today was the year-over-
year trend in new business sold relative to the year-over-year trends in sales head count for each of the
segments, curious if you use that as an internal metric. And then just what you'd kind of say about that
trend? And anything in how you're managing sales head count between the 0 CV folks and the people that
have a book of existing business that are looking to expand it?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Jeff, it's Gene. So first, we definitely look at new business per salesperson as one of our key metrics. At
the end of the day, the reason we look at NCVI per salespersons is because that's what net results in
growth. But we manage the pieces of it, which are retention of our clients and the new business. And
so we absolutely manage new business per salesperson. And the trend there has been -- has improved
significantly between Q2 and Q3 as the numbers you saw from Craig.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And anything you'd say in terms of how you're managing headcount in terms of the 0 contract value
associates and those that have a book of business? Like are there any big shifts occurring among those?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So it varies depending on the specific market and we tailor it to the market. And so in markets where
we have not that much contract value because it's a relatively immature market, we have more business
developers, people that have 0 contract value accounts than in a much more mature market like the
United States for -- especially for GTS. For GBS, across the board, we have a lot more business developers
because those markets are so relatively underpenetrated. So you don't need as many people that are
what we call account managers that have existing clients just because the business is so much smaller in
each of the disciplines.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then anything else you can say about what avoided costs are still left to be brought back? And
in the past, you made some comments about expecting '21 margins to be down year-over-year. Do you
still expect them to be down relative to the implied margins from the prior guidance? Or are we now using
the baseline of this 18.1% -- or 18.3% margin this year to be down from? And similar question on free
cash flow. Obviously, as you said, outstanding this year, should that step back next year?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So let me get started, and then Craig can fill in. Yes. Prior to '20, we were going through an investment
period. We were investing really to position GBS to have great future growth. And we ended that
investment period in 2019. We came into 2020 before the pandemic even hit, focused on improving our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

margins over time. And part of the reason the margins are better in 2020 compared to 2019 are -- is that
we were already focusing on how do we get the return on the investments that we've put in place over the
previous 3 years. We're still going to be focused on that going to the future. Having said that, there are
some expenses in 2020 that are lower than they might be in a normal year. And the biggest example in
my mind is travel expenses, where we basically have very low travel expenses compared to a normal year.
And I can imagine and -- once the pandemic is over, we can travel again. Our channel expenses will be --
I wouldn't say go back to where it was before. Because I think we've learned how to work more efficiently,
but it will certainly be larger than it would be in a year like 2020. And Craig, I don't know if you want to fill
in.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Jeff, the only few things I would add are that in terms of the cost avoidance, we were very aggressive
in the early days of pandemic when we really didn't know what the outcome was going to look like. As we
stabilized, we obviously started turning certain expenses back on, particularly related to compensation and
benefits, expenses for our associates as well as backfilling open roles and actually sprinkling in a little bit
of head count growth in the GTS and GBS sales forces. And so we were first focused on just making sure
that we could preserve profitability. And then once we had eye line to that or eyesight to that, we started
selectively turning certain expenses back on.

To Gene's point, 2020 is hardly a normal year by any definition. And so the way we've been managing
the business. And again, we have been restoring a lot of costs in the back half of the year, and we were
able to get virtual conferences launched and monetized. That's obviously playing a large role in the margin
profile for 2020. As we look forward, the way we sort of think about it, from a medium-term perspective
is that we can absolutely drive double-digit top line growth and modestly expand margins. Over at least
the medium term, we will expand margins from the 2019 levels, which is our last normal year benchmark,
if you will. And to the point Gene made, we are very committed to maintaining tight cost controls, like
you've seen from us this year. We will have to turn certain things back on. But things like travel -- we will
have to travel more. We will have more expense there, but it will probably not run all the way back up to
what we did in 2019. Similarly, with facilities, we've obviously had a lot of operational benefits this year
from not having to heat and cool and run of facilities as we've been working from home hopefully, we will
be back in facilities at some point, and those expenses will come back. Although I will say that as we look
forward, we probably won't need to expand our facilities footprint at the same pace that we did in the
past. And so there's a lot of moving parts there. But I think the key point is that over the medium term,
we believe that we can drive double-digit top line growth and modestly expand our margins.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. Gene, you mentioned higher demand that you're seeing from clients. Can you just dive a
little bit more into that within research, which regions have been strong? And basically, when regions
have either somewhat recovered from COVID and start to open up, I'm thinking maybe China or even in
the U.S. over the summer when things were a little bit better. How quickly can the business rebound? Or
should we be viewing this more as a slow recovery? I just wanted to get some color on the strengthening
demand that you mentioned.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. Toni, I don't know how fast the pace of recovery will be, but we certainly saw meaningful
improvements between Q2 and Q3 in terms of demand as the numbers that Craig went through in terms
of like new business and so forth. If you look at China. China is interesting because they have recovered
relatively quickly, like the new business growth in -- I'm going to say, Japan and China. In China has been

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

quite good. Japan, the same thing actually. And so if the rest of the world kind of goes the way of China
and Japan, then we'll have a relatively quick recovery for us.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. And I wanted to ask also about the GTS hiring strategy. I think Craig mentioned the 3,100
expected by year-end. In general, I guess, are you thinking about hiring ahead of CV growth turning
around? Or in a little bit more of a wait and see kind of pattern. Just trying to understand on the strategy
of hiring through the rest of the year and maybe through next year in terms of how you're thinking about
it.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. Growing our sales force is an important part of our growth strategy. And so over time, we expect to
grow our sales force and kind of in line with our contract value growth. And so that's kind of the long-
term strategy. We came into this year -- so at the end of last year, we added a substantial amount of
head count as we came into this year for -- to allow our growth during 2020. Now obviously the pandemic
hit, and we haven't realized that growth. So we actually have a lot of sales capacity that we think as the
market improves, will give us good uplift. And then -- so we're going to use that and leverage that. We'll
also then grow our sales head count and you think about in line with CV as we go forward to support
future growth.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

The -- one other thing I'd add, Toni, is if you just think about the capacity we've invested in building over
the last several years in both GTS and GBS is pretty substantial. And so with that selling capacity, again,
if we can approach 2019 productivity levels or claw back half the gap between where we are today in
2019 productivity levels, we can actually drive really nice CV growth just from that capacity. And as Gene
mentioned, our strategy because of the the market opportunity we have is to continue to grow the sales
force, which we will do to go capture that opportunity. But again, we always look at really 2 levers to drive
the CV growth over the medium term or long term. It's growing sales head count to capture the market
opportunity and driving productivity improvements at the same time.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee from Bank of America Securities.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I guess I wanted to start by asking about the GBS contract value growth and new bookings, really no
deceleration sequentially and the bookings were strong. Can you give us any more color on sort of what
the key drivers are where you're really succeeding? And I know you didn't give the GXL breakout anymore
as you said you wouldn't. But if you -- when you look at those metrics, are you sort of past that inflection
point where the GXL is meaningfully enough bigger that, that's really the key driver from here? Any color
would be great there.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. It's Gene. The GXL is clearly the key driver in GBS going forward. In fact, we crossed the threshold
with 10,000 seats in GBS, which internally was a major milestone. The GBS new business is being driven
by the fact that what we talked about all along, basically, in each of the functions around the business,
the executives have mission-critical priorities they need help with. And they see Gartner is being able to
help them. And our sales force has been extremely effective at reaching out to prospects and explain how
we can help and the prospects of responding. And that's fundamentally what's driving the new business
growth. And in fact, the -- it's really -- we're seeing the benefit of it now even during the pandemic, but

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

we talked about the earlier, the investments we made over the last 2 or 3 years before 2020, it's really
starting to get the path from all those investments in GBS.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

And Gary, I would just add, as I mentioned in my remarks, GXL now represents more than 50% of the
contract value within GBS. So it really is a GXL story going forward, that is the predominant amount of
contract value within the portfolio. And then the other nice thing I would add is that we're seeing really
good contribution across the GBS practice portfolio. So it's not just supply chain or it's not just HR. We're
seeing really good contribution in finance, in HR, in supply chain, in sales, et cetera. And so that -- it's not
just one story there. It's across the portfolio.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And just as a follow-up, if I could dig into that a tiny bit more. Do you have -- is there any way to tell how
much of the improvement there in the CV holding up quite well as sort of easy comps because you pushed
so much change over the last couple of years. So it's sort of the maturity of the sales force and improved
productivity as they're more used to selling GXL versus end market dynamics. And really, what I'm trying
to get at is that -- are those 2 factors strong enough to continue to drive out-performance if the economic
environment does remain weak and choppy in the near term?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'll start. And then, Gene, if I miss anything, you can fill in the blanks. I think that if you look back
at the GBS performance, we really start to see a nice acceleration in the business in Q3 of last year.
And so it's not the easiest compare we've had for sure. I think there's definitely a benefit to having a
more tenured sales force and having them have a significant experience with selling the standard set of
products we have. And so that is absolutely a benefit. But I really do believe, and I'd echo what Gene said
earlier, it's really about the value we're providing to the end users in each of these markets as opposed to
an easy comp or more experience. And so those things help. But I think ultimately, it's because we provide
a great value and help business leaders across each of those enterprise functions really solve and win on
their mission-critical priorities.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

And the only thing I'd add, Gary, is that the -- we also took a while to roll out all the GXL products. And
then the sales teams had to learn how to sell those products. And so I think they're now getting to the
good part of that curve.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas from William Blair.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

With a few more months under your belt, and what I thought was a solid third quarter result, do you feel
like you have a better sense for how CV might trend over the next couple of quarters? And is there any
change to how you're thinking about the potential trough in TV growth across both GTS and GBS, both in
terms of timing and magnitude?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Andrew. With CV being a rolling 4-quarter metric, we do still expect some deceleration in the contract
value growth rate probably over the next quarter or 2, predominantly because it's going up against a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

tough compare quarter in fourth quarter of last year. And so if you look back to fourth quarter of last year,
we drove significant growth and NCVI in both GTS and GBS. And given the environment, our current --
and extrapolating what we've seen in Q3 and March through the end of Q2 as well. We do not expect
as much new business or similar renewal rates. And so we do expect some continued deceleration. The
trough, if you think about it, just based on looking at it that way, is probably Q1 of next year. Again,
we could outrun that if the economy improves significantly or if there's a vaccine and people go back to
the office and everything like that. But we still remain cautious and are using really our last 3 months'
performance as a guide as we think about what CV can do and how we're building our operational plans
for the end of this year and for next year.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And then just wanted to switch over to conferences. If I look at guidance or implied
guidance for Q4, it looks like you're guiding to about $80 million, $85 million of conference revenue versus
about $218 million or somewhere around there last year. If I do the math there, it looks like about 40% or
so. I know there's 2 less conferences versus last year. But I guess I'm just wondering, is that 40% number
a reasonable ratio for us to use when we're thinking about revenue for 2021 in the instance that in-person
conferences haven't returned? Or are there other factors that I'm not thinking about that I should.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's hard to say, Andrew, predominantly because we have moved a number of conferences that we
would have produced in person earlier in the year into the fourth quarter. And so we've obviously trimmed
the portfolio, and we've gone with a series of very important, very impactful conferences globally. And in
addition, if you look at the Q4 implied guide, you have to also keep in mind that there's a hunk of Evanta
virtual meetings in there as well, which are a pretty nice contributor to the overall number. I think that as
we roll into -- we're in the process of building out 2021 plans under a number of scenarios for next year.
As Gene mentioned and I mentioned as well, we're getting better and smarter with each virtual conference
that we actually deliver, and the next one gets better and better and better. And we're still really working
on that exhibitor value proposition as well. As I mentioned, we expect the exhibitor contribution in the
fourth quarter to be significantly lower than what you would see historically. And obviously, we want
to work really hard to improve that and deliver value to both our attendees who get value from being
exposed to the exhibitors and the exhibitors who get the corresponding value. So I wouldn't plug-in a
formula at 40%, yet. We're still working through all those scenarios. And again, there are a number of
different scenarios where we could be in person later in the year. It could be virtual for the beginning of
the year. It could be virtual all year long. When we guide for 2021, in February, we'll be very clear about
what our assumptions include will really be driven by what the environment allows us to do.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

In your prepared remarks, you talked about some of the portion of the growth at both GBS and GTS was
pricing related. I'm just curious what kind of price increases you have been able to put through in terms of
renewals? And if there's been pressure or pushback from clients on that?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

So we -- for most of the world, we do our price increase in November, actually, yesterday, the first day of
November. As we went through the renewal cycle leading up to this November. Obviously, we were dealing
with our standard price increase. In this environment, there was probably -- there's definitely a little bit
more pushback than we historically see. Our price increase, as you know, ranges --- has ranged in the 3%
to 4% range historically. And it's typically not big dollars for the client, and we are always improving our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

products and our experience. This year, given the environment, we were a little more modest on the price
increase, I think, around between 2.5% and 3% price increase, again, which just went into effect now.
We generally, our clients understand that we are improving the product each and every year. The people
that deliver the service, their costs go up every year. And so generally speaking, we haven't seen a ton
of pushback on the pricing. But definitely in this environment, it's a little more challenging than what we
normally see. But generally speaking that it's modest dollars that we're pushing through.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay, great. That's helpful. And if I could shift over to conferences. In terms of the shift to virtual, I'm just
also wondering from a price perspective, what do you charge attends relative to the in-person conference?
I know there's some entitlements there. And the same thing on the exhibitor side. I'm just curious on a
relative basis what the delta is.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. If you take a look at the -- you can see list pricing online, the attendee pricing is about 40% of what
we would get from an in-person conference ticket. So think about in roughly that range in terms of the
-- if you're buying a cash ticket as a stand-alone item, again, either online or through one of our sales
teams. On the exhibitor side, as we've mentioned, it's still really early days, and we're working through all
that. And so there's really not an apples to apples comparison from an exhibitor perspective.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik from Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was just hoping you could give some color, maybe sticking to GTS in terms of the client reaction with the
wallet retention and the client retention coming down? Just some color there around how much of that is
a number of seats being cut for those that are still your clients? And in this new wave of lockdown during
fourth quarter, I know it's an important quarter for you. If you anticipate any problems there.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. Manav, I'll just start with it. So first, the biggest change in the wallet retention was that our existing
clients are buying fewer additional seats. And so it's actually less that people are reducing seats than it
is in normal times, a substantial portion of our growth comes from existing clients, adding more seats.
We see existing clients in GTS, particularly adding fewer seats than -- they're still in seats, but they're
in fewer seats than they would do in a normal year. And that's kind of the biggest piece of the wallet
retention. Craig, do you want to add anything to that?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

2

No. I think that's right. Again -- and it's a combination -- and Gene went into detail of this last quarter
in Q2. And actually, as we rolled into Q3, each of these measures actually improved. And so the point
on fewer clients increasing or increasing at lower rate, that trend continued into Q3, but it was definitely
better than what we experienced in Q2. And the same could be said around clients that were reducing
their spend. So we still saw that trend happen in Q3, but it was much less pronounced than what we
experienced in Q2.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Got it. And Craig, just on the event side, would you be willing to share what the Evanta year-to-date
revenues were? And your expectation, I mean you called that a big channel of revenues in the fourth
quarter.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, historically, if you go back to the last normal year, we had Evanta revenues were in the
roughly 15% of total revenue range. This year, given what's happening, they're running closer to around
1/4 of the conference revenue, just to put it in rough perspective.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to drill into the demand environment, which you noted is stronger than you previously expected.
Can you elaborate on which specific client segments you're seeing the upside in GTS and GBS? And what
specific macro or shutdown assumptions are embedded in your full year guidance?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So let me get started on it. As Craig mentioned in his remarks that in GTS, CV grew in nearly all of our
10 largest countries and was up double digits in Brazil, Japan, France and the Netherlands. And CV grew
across all sectors, except for transportation and media, and it grew across every size enterprise. And so
that kind of gives you a flavor for GTS. In GBS, we found we had growth basically -- contributions from
all the practice areas, meaning like HR, supply chain, sales, et cetera, except marketing. And as Craig
mentioned in his remarks, the marketing piece we have some products that were just continuing, which
pulled that piece down. But the rest was quite strong.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

And George, in terms of the outlook, it's been choppy all along, and it varies by region and geography
in terms of lockdowns and re-lockdowns and things of that nature. And so we've -- the good news for a
business like ours is the hunk of the revenue on the research line is baked based on where we finished Q3.
And so the guide doesn't really have -- doesn't get impacted all that significantly from whether there are
new lockdowns or otherwise. Obviously, it could have an impact on next year. But I think our sales teams
are really focused on working through this. They've proven they can work through it in a lockdown or non-
lockdown environment. And we'll just continue working through the selling cycles and renewal cycles as
we close the year to book as much NCVI and as much contract value growth as possible.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

George, actually, with regard to lockdowns, we've -- with our sales teams, we've had a discussion
on, what impact does it have like in certain European countries now. They're going back to stronger
lockdowns. And at least our sales team's perspective on it is that both we and our clients have learned to
work in a locked down environment, and they don't anticipate the increased lockdowns you're seeing like
in Europe, having an impact on our bookings. Time will tell, but that's the sales team's perspective.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. You're guiding to full year EBITDA margins of slightly over 18%, that's up from 16%
last year. Can you discuss how incremental margins may trend over the next 2 to 4 quarters as some of
your costs, like T&E and sales force hiring come back?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. George, a lot of it will be dependent on where we finish this year from a contract value growth
perspective as that has a pretty material or very material impact on the revenue run out for next year.
We have started to restore a lot of expenses related to compensation and benefits, which continue to run
consistently. And so there won't be a hurt or shouldn't be significant onetime hurt when we put those back
on. I think we'll obviously provide full color on 2021 guidance in February when we get there. But for now,
we're just really focused on making sure that we finish the year strong. Obviously, we have been able to
take up our guidance on just about every count pretty nicely, and the teams are just focused on making
sure we finish the year strong. And we'll address what the internal margins look like and what the overall
outlook looks like in February.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

And George, I'd add that we made a bunch of investments coming into 2020 sort of a '17, '18, '19 period.
And the '19 margins reflected that. We came into 2020, focused on getting return on those investments
and having tight cost controls, and we expect to keep getting return on those investments over the next
few years, as I mentioned earlier, and we intend to keep tight cost controls as well. And so we're very
focused on managing our margins in future years as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari from Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My first question is just on sales force productivity. Maybe if you could just talk about getting back to 2019
levels on productivity. What's sort of under your control? What's not under your control? And what kind of
time frame is realistic to get there? I know you talked about CV troughing in Q1. So maybe you could just
give your best guess on when sales force productivity troughs.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So it's hard to forecast exactly when sales force productivity is going to trough. As we mentioned a couple
of times on the call, we've certainly seen this year between Q2 and Q3, an improvement in all the kind of
underlying -- virtually all the underlying operational metrics that drive sales productivity. I talked about
one of them like client engagement, which ultimately drives retention and new business performed better
than in Q3 than in Q2. And so those are things that are going to kind of drive it over time. I think we
are learning how to sell in the pandemic as a factor, and so that will continue to get better. I think also
obviously, the more companies that go out of business and can't buy our products because they're out of
business that has an impact on our productivity as well. So it's those kinds of factors.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

And Hamzah, I would just add that it's going to really correlate very, very tightly to CV growth. And
so again, it's sort of an output of CV growth or if you're running the math the other way and input into
the overall CV growth. But given that we have gotten disciplined -- much more disciplined around the
headcount growth and headcount investments and to Gene's point, getting yield on those investments and
that we'll start having "easier compares" in Q2, the CV growth trough and the productivity growth trough
should be aligned.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Got it. Very helpful. And just my follow-up question is just 2 quick ones. One, is the territory optimization
kind of behind you? Or is that sort of an ongoing process? And then just on the research side, anything to
call out on the non-subscription piece, how that trended? I know it's small, at 10% or so of research. But
just on those 2 points, anything to add?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. The territory optimization is really important to us because different territories have different
structural characteristics that make them better or worse. A kind of simple -- and it varies over time.
A simple example is a territory selling to restaurants in this day, today, doesn't have as much upside
potential as a territory selling to tech companies. And so we real-time shift our territories around to the
territories that are away from the ones that have less potential to ones that have a lot of more potential.
So it's not a onetime thing. It -- we just implemented kind of the most sophisticated versions of our
territory planning this year, and it's something we're going to do on an ongoing basis as the economy
around us changes. And it's an important driver of sales productivity.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

And then on the non-subscription piece, the -- it's actually holding up pretty well. It was down 3% year-
over-year. In the quarter, which is better than we had initially forecasted. So the non-sub piece, to your
point, relatively small piece, but it's holding up better than we had initially thought, down 3% year-over-
year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jake Williams from Wells Fargo.

Jake Leonard Williams
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Can you share some of the lessons that you've learned from hosting virtual conferences so far? And if
you think there are any opportunities to expand the reach or the breadth of future conferences through a
hybrid in-first and virtual model?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Jake, it's Gene. So we've heard a lot of lessons virtual conferences. As Craig mentioned, we started with
some pilots in Q2 and then have held our virtual equivalents of our large -- of our larger conferences this
year. Same thing is true actually at the Evanta conferences when the past were in-person and now are all
virtual. And we've learned things about like what technologies to use. Some technologies work better than
others. And each time we have -- things didn't work as well as we planned, we fixed those technology
problems. We've been experimenting with things like how long each session should be because in a virtual
environment, people who want different session links, we experimented with how long the conference
itself should be. Should it be 2 days, 4 days, for the longer conferences, and getting customer feedback
for tweaking the link to the conferences. The content is much the same and production values are very
similar if you go to any of our conferences. And that has worked pretty well. So those are kind of the key
learnings, I'd say.

And in terms of opportunity to expand, the way we're looking at it is, if there's demand going forward
when in-person conferences return, if there's still demand for virtual conferences, we're going to be really
well-positioned to do that, and we will certainly do it if demand is there. And my -- what I believe is
demand will be there, but we're going to be flexible based on what the market says.

Operator

At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for closing
remarks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So summarizing what you heard on today's call, we accelerated the creation of new, highly relevant
content for our clients across every function. We successfully pivoted to virtual conferences, which were
well-attended and delivered high value to our clients. Our clients are more engaged than ever. Beyond
client engagement, we adapted our operations to work remotely just effectively as we do from our offices.
And we combined this with early and decisive actions to optimize our cost structure. The combination of
these factors has resulted in improvements across most of our operational metrics compared to Q2. The
improvement in our operational metrics in turn has resulted in an improvement in our Q3 financial metrics
and guidance compared to Q2.

Revenue and EBITDA performing better than we expected, and free cash flow generation is very strong.

Thanks for joining us, and I look forward to updating you again later -- again in the new year.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

