General Mills, Inc. NYSE:GIS
FQ2 2021 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Thursday, December 17, 2020 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.87

0.97

Revenue  (mm)

4212.92

4646.37

9.28

1.57

3.64

3.70

17520.81

17450.32

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Dec-14-2020 11:31 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.88

0.76

1.06

0.87

0.95

0.77

1.10

1.00

7.95 %

1.32 %

3.77 %

14.94 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 17, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeff Siemon
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 17, 2020

Presentation

Jeff Siemon
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you for joining us to hear our prepared remarks on General Mills Second Quarter
Fiscal 2021 Earnings. Later this morning, we will hold a live question-and-answer session on today's
results, which you can hear via webcast on our Investor Relations website. In a moment, I'll turn the call
over to Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Kofi Bruce, our CFO.

But before I do, let me first touch on a few items. On our website, you will find our second quarter press
release that posted this morning along with a copy of the presentation and a transcript of these remarks.
It's important to note that today's remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on
management's current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions Jeff and Kofi will share
related to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results in fiscal '21.

The second slide in today's presentation lists several factors that could cause our future results to be
different than our current estimates.

And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Today's key messages are listed on Slide 4. We executed
very well again in the second quarter, driving strong performance on the top and bottom lines. As a
pandemic continues to significantly impact our key markets around the world, we're focusing on what we
can control, keeping our manufacturing facilities operating safely with minimal disruption, partnering with
suppliers and retailers to ensure supply of our products and delivering consumer solutions that meet their
current needs through our trusted leading brands. Our strong execution has generated winning in market
performance. Our retail sales are outpacing our competition, translating into broad-based market share
gains across our major markets.

With excellent performance through the first half, we remain on track to deliver our 3 key priorities for
fiscal '21, competing effectively everywhere we play, fueling investment in our brands and capabilities
and continuing to reduce our leverage. Because of the current state of the virus in the U.S. and across
our major markets, we expect consumer demand for food at home will remain elevated relative to pre-
pandemic levels through the remainder of our fiscal '21. With elevated demand and continued best-in-
class execution, we're forecasting continued strong top and bottom line growth in the third quarter.

And while uncertainty with the virus makes it difficult to forecast full year demand, we now expect our full
year fiscal '21 adjusted operating profit margin to be in line or better than last year based on our first half
results that were somewhat ahead of our expectations.

You can see our enterprise second quarter financial performance on Slide 5. Strong demand for food
at home and continued market share gains helped drive 7% growth in organic net sales in the quarter.
Constant currency adjusted operating profit was up 6%, reflecting strong net sales growth, higher input
costs and a double-digit increase in media investment. Constant currency adjusted diluted earnings per
share were up 9% in the quarter and were up 17% in the first half.

As I mentioned upfront, we are focused on 3 priorities outlined on Slide 6 that will drive strong
performance in fiscal '21, while advancing our long-term strategies. And I'm pleased to say that we're
delivering on all 3. We continue to compete effectively everywhere we play. Through the first half, we've
driven broad-based market share gains, including holding or growing share in 5 of our 6 largest markets.

We're driving efficiency from our holistic margin management and strategic revenue management
initiatives, which we refer to as HMM and SRM, respectively, and we're benefiting from volume leverage,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 17, 2020

allowing us to offset higher cost to service elevated demand and providing fuel for investments in our
brand and capabilities.

Finally, we've made further progress on reducing our debt leverage in the second quarter. Our strong
balance sheet position allows us to recently resume dividend growth and increases our flexibility for bolt-
on M&A or share buybacks at the right time.

We are very much in the middle of the pandemic in most of our markets and expect to be for some time
to come. The specific status of the virus and resulting consumer behaviors vary across our key markets.
In the United States, case counts have been on the rise and demand for our food at home food categories
has grown at a consistent high single-digit rate in recent months, while away-from-home demand has
consistently been down low double digits during that time. In France and the U.K., the recent surge in
cases occurred about a month earlier than the U.S., and we saw at-home category growth step up as
consumer restrictions were put in place.

In Brazil, very high at-home demand in Q1 moderated in Q2 as consumer restrictions eased. And in China,
the virus is relatively well controlled. While consumer traffic is much closer to normal in our shops, we've
seen demand for at-home food, including Wanchai Ferry frozen dumplings remain notably above pre-
pandemic levels.

This situation remains dynamic across each of these markets, and we are staying agile to meet demand
as it evolves. We, along with the rest of the world, are highly encouraged by recent vaccine developments.
At the same time, the widespread impact of vaccination will likely take time, and we expect that at-home
food demand will remain robust relative to pre-pandemic levels for the remainder of our fiscal '21.

As we take a step back from the day-to-day dynamic, we see consumer behaviors involving in ways that
we think will stick beyond the pandemic. First, we think consumers will be eating more at-home in the
new normal. Many consumers have told us that they're enjoying the benefits of home centricity in their
lives, including flexible work environments, more family time and more balance, driving a better quality
of life. We expect more time at home, including more work from home to be an ongoing part of consumer
routines, meaning more opportunities for at-home eating occasions.

We also believe the current recession will last beyond the pandemic. And what we've learned from past
recessions is that the first and most significant way consumers economize in their food budget is by
eating more at-home. For example, in the Great Recession of 2008 to 2010, we saw growth for our at-
home categories accelerate by about 2 points. Importantly, we were able to drive similar acceleration for
our business, allowing us to hold market share through that period. With our improved capabilities and
strategic revenue management and personalized marketing, we're in an even better position to adapt our
offerings and connect with consumers in meaningful ways during difficult economic times.

Second, since the onset of the pandemic, consumers have been seeking brands they know and trust
to bring a sense of normalcy and comfort to their lives. We've seen evidence that our ongoing work to
renovate the taste, nutrition and convenience of our products, in addition to our continued focus on brand
building and innovation, is building a loyalty with these new and returning consumers that will benefit our
brands over the long term.

Third, we've seen a dramatic acceleration of food e-commerce adoption and a continued shift to where
consumers getting their news, information and other media through digital means, and it's clear that
these changes will have lasting impact beyond the current environment. We'll benefit from these changes
by leveraging our advantaged digital capabilities, including significant first-party consumer interactions
to drive differential growth and will benefit from our e-commerce capability and strategic customer
partnerships, which have helped us over-index online market share compared to bricks-and-mortar
outlets.

With those consumer changes in mind, we're taking actions to drive success today and to ensure we win
in the long term. These include: boldly building our brands with remarkable brand experiences supported
by appropriate levels of spending; relentlessly innovating to delight consumers and meet their evolving

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 17, 2020

needs; and unleashing our scale through capabilities that drive competitive advantage, including data and
analytics, e-commerce, SRM and HMM.

Let me share some examples of how these efforts are coming to life in fiscal '21. Creating and maintaining
vibrant consumer-relevant brands is central to General mill's long-term success. In challenging times,
it's as important as ever that we gain deep empathy for consumers' lives and create food and brand
experiences that solve their problems and bring them joy.

We're focused on engaging consumers with messages that are relevant to their current situation. For
example, as many consumers are experiencing a nontraditional holiday season, our marketing has been
respectful and empathetic to what is a more challenging time. In the U.S., our Betty Flippin' Crocker
campaign encourages families that they can create the solutions they need to make cooking and baking
easy, affordable and full of joy this holiday season. Pillsbury has also made it their mission to help deliver
a holiday season that lets you enjoy the food you love while making memories at home. These campaigns
leverage traditional and digital media, and we're leading into our bettycrocker.com and pillsbury.com food
websites to deliver recipe ideas and build consumer connections that drive growth for our brands.

Our Old El Paso team showcased our ability to act as a global force for good by partnering with tennis
stars from around the world in the #MessFreeChallenge, donating more than 100,000 meals and driving
awareness for innovative Old El Paso tortilla pockets and bowls.

Yoplait recognizes that kids today may be lacking the physical play they are used to. So in partnership
with Jennifer Lopez and her kids, Yoplait is challenging families to get moving, fueled by the calcium in
Yoplait yogurts to be healthy, active and strong.

And finally, addressing heart health remains critical for many consumers, but can feel overwhelming in
today's world, which is why Cheerios will double down on the success of last year's heart health campaign
by approaching heart health with positivity and joy during heart health month this February.

These messages are resonating with consumers. We continue to drive household penetration growth
ahead of our competition and our new consumers are satisfied with our products, with General Mills'
repeat rates outpacing our categories so far this year.

We have also been pleased with our innovation performance in fiscal '21. We launched a number of
successful new products in the first half, including Cinnamon Cheerios, the top new item in the U.S.
cereal category; convenient new Progresso Toppers; Nature Valley packed sustained energy bars; and
our relaunched Dunkaroos snacks; and Old El Paso tortilla pockets, which are helping drive tremendous
growth for the brand in Europe since they launched this summer.

We also have an exciting innovation lineup for the back half of fiscal '21 as well. In the U.S., we're
launching multigrain Cheerios with strawberries, delivering more great tasting, common-sense attrition to
the Cheerios franchise. And our new Remix cereal lineup features multi-texture, multi-flavor mashups of
tasty cereal pieces designed to further expand the category into the snacking occasion.

In U.S. Yogurt, our new Ratio Protein line is the second dairy snack to launch under the Ratio brand,
delivering 25 grams of protein with only 3 grams of sugar. We continue to bring news to the snacking
aisle, including new Nature Valley Protein Crunch Bars in retail outlets and Muddy Buddies pretzel bites in
the convenience store channel. And we have a full innovation slate outside North America, including the
expansion of premium Wanchai Ferry soup dumplings in China and new indulgent Häagen-Dazs ice cream
flavors, including Belgian chocolate and Hazelnut and dark chocolate and Caramelized almond varieties,
which we'll be launching across our international markets.

As you saw in this morning's results, our pet segment is performing exceptionally well, with organic net
sales of 18% this quarter and segment operating profit increasing 48%. We lapped our significant food,
drug and mass channel expansion 9 months ago, and the Blue brand continues to win with pet parents
as we drive awareness and educate them about the benefits of wholesome natural pet food. We'll build
on this momentum in calendar '21 by launching innovation into segments of the category where the Blue
brand is less developed, including wet cat food and pet treats.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 17, 2020

For example, wet cat food is roughly a $5 billion product segment in the U.S. with wholesome natural
products only representing about 15% of segment sales with significant opportunity for expansion. Blue
will lead the naturalization of the wet cat food segment with the introduction of our new Tastefuls line,
which launches next month. We've combined our deep category expertise and our technical know-how
to develop a line of tasteful products that delivers on our True Blue Promise with only the finest natural
ingredients while satisfying cats more demanding pallets.

Our message to pet parents is simple. One taste is all it takes for your cat to realize how delicious this
product is and for pet parents to realize that taste and healthy ingredients don't have to be mutually
exclusive. We'll support this launch with dedicated investment, leveraging our Blue integrated marketing
model. We're excited about this next step as we continue to expand the Blue brand across the pet food
category, and we'll have more innovation to share as we move through calendar 2021.

The third way we're winning is by leveraging our scale with advantaged capabilities. Specifically, we
believe data and analytics will provide the foundation to drive differential growth and efficiency for our
enterprise, acting as an enabler for strategic capabilities such as SRM, e-commerce, digital marketing,
integrated planning an HMM. Let me share an example of how data and analytics is uncovering exciting
growth opportunities in digital marketing.

Data-driven digital marketing is beginning to fuel every aspect of the General Mills brand experience from
strategy through conversion in a holistic, connected approach. We're getting smarter every day about how
we collect and connect data to gain better insights about consumers and where to play as well as how to
continuously optimize how we activate our messages. The process for unlocking growth starts with data.
We're building rich data sets, including first-party data captured through our proprietary platforms, such
as Box Tops for Education and our bettycrocker.com and pillsbury.com websites, which interact with 8
million unique users each month.

Next, we connect those data sets and use our advanced analytics capabilities to identify previously
untapped growth spaces. From there, we segment consumers and rapidly test multiple iterations of
personalized marketing messages. And with the direct length between our digital marketing and e-
commerce purchases, we can quickly measure sales impact and assess effectiveness. This agile marketing
process is providing in-market learning 4 to 6x faster than our normal process.

Finally, we scale the learnings and automate the process to efficiently drive growth. A great example of
how we're applying this today is our Ratio brand, which is geared for consumers seeking keto friendly food
options. We connected multiple data sets and created over 200 versions of marketing messages, more
than 25% of which directly connected to an e-commerce site. From our analysis, we learned who our top
growth audience is and the content that resonates most for them, which drove a 24% increase in sales per
point of distribution when we scaled up the media.

In another example, we're leveraging connected data and rapidly iterating on marketing messages that
reinforce the great value that brands like Pillsbury can offer during this economically challenged time.
Through this process, we identified optimal consumer segments, messaging timing and media placement,
resulting in double-digit sales lifts. Though it's early, we're encouraged by the results we've seen across
these personalized marketing implementations. We'll continue to invest and build this capability to drive
speed in our learning and decision-making to enable future growth.

I'll now pass it over to Kofi to share more details of our Q2 financial results.

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jeff, and hello, everyone. Let's start with our second quarter financial results on Slide 16. Net
sales of $4.7 billion were up 7%. Organic net sales also grew 7% in the quarter as we continued to
compete effectively amid the elevated consumer demand driven by the pandemic.

Adjusted operating profit of $866 million increased 6% in constant currency, primarily driven by higher net
sales, including positive price mix. This was partially offset by higher input costs, including costs to secure

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 17, 2020

incremental capacity. The comparison to the prior year quarter that included favorable manufacturing
leverage and higher SG&A expenses, including a double-digit increase in media investment.

Adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $1.06 in the quarter and grew 9% in constant currency,
primarily driven by higher adjusted operating profit, lower net interest expense and higher after-tax
earnings from joint ventures.

Slide 17 summarizes the components of our net sales growth in the quarter. Organic net sales were up
7%, with 4% growth in organic pound volume and 3 points of positive organic price/mix.

Now let's turn to segment results, beginning with North America retail on Slide 18. Second quarter organic
net sales were up 9%, led by 18% growth in U.S. meals and baking, 6% constant currency growth in
Canada and 4% growth in U.S. Cereal. Second quarter Nielsen measured U.S. retail sales increased 9%,
in line with organic net sales growth. We estimate that retail inventory saw only modest replenishment in
the quarter, and we expect further replenishment to occur in the back half of the year as our capacity and
consumer demand come into better balance.

We continue to compete effectively in NAR, including year-to-date market share gains in both the U.S. and
Canada. The strength of our brand building, supply chain and sales execution enabled us to hold or gain
share in 8 of our top 10 U.S. categories through the first half of this fiscal year.

Second quarter constant currency segment operating profit increased 9%. And driven by volume growth
and fixed cost leverage in supply chain, partially offset by higher operational cost to service demand, the
comparison to the prior year period that included a timing-related manufacturing benefit and higher SG&A
expenses, including a double-digit increase in media investment.

As Jeff mentioned, our organic net sales for our pet segment grew 18% in the second quarter, driven by
broad-based growth across all product segments, including double-digit growth for both dog food and
cat food, more than 25% growth for wet food and roughly 40% growth for treats. The 18% organic net
sales growth was driven by all channel retail sales that were estimated to be up double digits and an
estimated mid-single-digit benefit from increased retail inventory. This quarter's top line performance is on
top of mid-teens organic net sales growth a year ago, when our results benefited from Blue's most recent
significant distribution expansion.

Through the first half of the year, Blue has continued to gain share and grow household penetration as
we drive awareness and benefit from Blue being available almost everywhere pet parents shop. Net sales
were up 13% in the first half, and we estimate roughly 2 points of that growth represented increased retail
inventory.

On the bottom line, pet's second quarter segment operating profit grew 48% in constant currency, driven
by strong volume growth, positive price/mix and benefits from HMM cost savings, partially offset by higher
media investment.

Turning to convenience stores and foodservice results on Slide 20. Organic net sales declined 14% in
the quarter, driven by the continued reduction in away-from-home demand amid the pandemic. We
continued to see double-digit declines in consumer traffic negatively impact the segment's key away-from-
home channels, including restaurants, schools, lodging and convenience stores. While the away-from-
home industry is seeing headwinds, we are competing well, and we've gained market share in measured
channels through the first half of fiscal 2021. Segment operating profit in the quarter was down 32%,
driven by lower net sales and fixed cost deleverage in supply chain.

In Europe and Australia, second quarter organic net sales increased 3%, primarily driven by growth in Old
El Paso Mexican food and Häagen-Dazs retail ice cream. We've competed effectively year-to-date, holding
or growing market share in France and the U.K., the segment's 2 largest markets and growing share in
Mexican Food and Snack Bars.

Second quarter segment operating profit increased 7% in constant currency, driven by higher net sales,
including positive price mix, partially offset by higher media investment and higher input costs. In Asia
and Latin America, second quarter organic net sales grew 10%. Net sales were up double digits in Latin

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 17, 2020

America, driven by continued strong growth of Yoki Meals and Snacks and Kitano Seasonings in Brazil.
Net sales were up high single digits in Asia in the quarter, driven primarily by Wanchai Ferry dumplings in
China and by Häagen-Dazs retail ice cream. This was partially offset by continued declines in away-from-
Home foodservice outlets and Häagen-Dazs shops.

Second quarter segment operating profit increased 8% in constant currency, driven by higher net sales,
partially offset by higher media and other SG&A expenses and higher input costs.

Slide 23 summarizes our joint venture results in the second quarter. Cereal Partners Worldwide posted
another strong quarter of top line growth, with constant currency net sales up 7%. CPW's net sales growth
was broad-based, led by Latin America, Russia, Turkey and Australia. Häagen-Dazs Japan net sales were
up 12% in constant currency, including innovation-driven volume growth and positive price/mix in the
quarter.

Second quarter combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures increased 46% to $36 million, primarily
reflecting the strong net sales growth at both CPW and Häagen-Dazs Japan.

Turning to total company margin results, second quarter adjusted gross margin increased 20 basis points,
primarily driven by positive price mix, partially offset by higher input costs, including the cost to secure
incremental capacity and the comparison to the prior year period that included favorable manufacturing
leverage.

Adjusted operating profit margin in the quarter decreased 10 basis points, driven by higher SG&A
expenses, including a double-digit increase in media spending, partially offset by the adjusted gross
margin expansion I just mentioned. The second quarter adjusted operating profit margin result was
somewhat ahead of our expectations for 2 reasons: first, we were able to service more demand from
our internal capacity than we initially expected; and second, we saw some of our external manufacturing
needs and other operational costs shift into the second half.

Slide 25 summarizes other noteworthy Q2 income statement items. Unallocated corporate expenses,
including certain items affecting comparability, increased $19 million in the quarter. Net interest expense
decreased $19 million from a year ago, driven by lower average debt levels. The adjusted effective tax
rate for the quarter was 22.3% compared to 21.9% a year ago, primarily driven by nonrecurring discrete
benefits in fiscal '20, partially offset by favorable earnings mix by market in fiscal '21. And average diluted
shares outstanding were up 1%.

Our fiscal '21 first half results are summarized on Slide 26. Net sales of $9 billion were up 8%. Organic
net sales were also up 8%, including growth from organic volume and positive organic price/mix. Year-
to-date, adjusted operating profit of $1.7 billion increased 13% in constant currency, primarily driven by
higher net sales, partially offset by higher input costs and higher SG&A expenses, including a double-digit
increase in media investment.

Adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $2.06 in the first half and grew 17% in constant currency,
driven by higher adjusted operating profit, higher after-tax earnings from joint ventures and lower net
interest expense, partially offset by higher diluted shares outstanding and a higher adjusted effective tax
rate.

Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. First half operating cash flow totaled $1.4 billion, down
2% from the first half of last year, primarily driven by changes in inventory and the timing of accounts
payable. Our core working capital decreased $331 million from a year ago, primarily driven by
improvements in accounts payable. Capital investments through 6 months of $226 million increased
$68 million from a year ago, including higher spending on growth capital, and we paid $618 million in
dividends in the first half.

Turning to our expectations for the balance of fiscal '21. We've outlined some key assumptions on Slide
28. We expect the pandemic will drive continued elevated consumer demand for food at home relative to
pre-pandemic levels through the remainder of fiscal year. We expect third quarter demand trends to be
generally consistent with recent months due to the ongoing virus concerns in many markets around the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 17, 2020

world, and we expect to continue to invest in our brands and capabilities to generate profitable growth
over the long-term and throughout the pandemic.

Based on these assumptions, we expect to generate continued strong top and bottom line growth in
the third quarter, with organic net sales growth roughly similar to the second quarter's growth rate and
an adjusted operating profit margin in line with the prior year. As we look further out, we expect fourth
quarter net sales to be above pre-pandemic levels, though below Q4 of fiscal '20 due to the difficult
comparison in the year ago period when net sales grew 21% behind the initial pandemic driven surge in
at-home demand, the 53rd week and the extra month of results in our pet segment.

Finally, due to first half adjusted operating profit margin results that were somewhat ahead of our
expectations, we now anticipate our full year fiscal '21 adjusted operating profit margin will be in line or
better than last year.

Let me now turn it back to Jeff for some closing remarks.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Kofi. I'll close with a few thoughts. I'm proud of how the entire General Mills team continues to
execute and deliver strong performance amid a challenging and dynamic environment. We're focused on
what we can control, meeting our consumers' needs and winning across our markets. I am confident that
we're taking the right actions to ensure we continue to win both today and for the long term.
I want to thank you for your time this morning. This concludes our prepared remarks. I invite you to listen
to our live question-and-answer webcast, which will begin at 8:00 a.m. Central time this morning and will
be available for replay at generalmills.com.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 17, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

