Gilead Sciences, Inc. NasdaqGS:GILD
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.56

Revenue  (mm)

5438.58

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2020 7:35 PM GMT

7.69

2.01

1.59

6.29

6.31

5572.59

22312.43

22138.79

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.71

1.73

1.67

1.56

1.82

1.75

1.30

-

6.43 %

1.16 %

(22.16 %)

7.69 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew D. Dickinson
Executive VP & CFO

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Diana Brainard
Senior Vice President of HIV &
Emerging Viral Infections

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Mohit Bansal
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Salim Qader Syed
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Tyler Martin Van Buren
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Douglas Maffei
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Unknown Executive

ANALYSTS

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Gilead Sciences
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to introduce Senior Director of Investor Relations, Doug Maffei.

Douglas Maffei
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Andrew, and good afternoon, everyone. Just after market closed today, we issued a press
release with earnings results for the first quarter 2020. The press release and detailed slides are available
on the Investor Relations section of the Gilead website. The speakers on today's call will be: Daniel O'Day,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andrew Dickinson, Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call will
be Johanna Mercier, Chief Commercial Officer; Merdad Parsey, Chief Medical Officer; Christi Shaw, Chief
Executive Officer of Kite; and Diana Brainard, SVP and Head of HIV and Emerging Viruses Therapeutic
area.

Before we begin with our prepared comments, let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking
statements including risks and uncertainties related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Gilead's
business and results of operations, plans and expectations with regards to products, product candidates,
financial projections and the use of capital and 2020 financial guidance, all of which involve certain
assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control and could cause actual results to differ
materially from these statements. A description of these risks can be found in the earnings press release
and our latest SEC disclosure documents.

All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Gilead, and Gilead assumes
no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.

Non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help you understand the company's underlying business
performance. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are provided in the earnings press release as well as
on the Gilead website.

I will now turn the call over to Dan.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thank you very much, Doug, and good afternoon, everyone. Well, as you can imagine, it's been an
extraordinary week for Gilead given the terrific news on our investigational antiviral drug remdesivir. The
news shared yesterday that the data showed the potential of remdesivir to help ease some of the burden
of the pandemic is the outcome that we had all hoped would be possible. We're incredibly humbled to
think about what this news could mean for patients and communities.

I'd like to start by sharing my thanks to everyone who has helped to bring remdesivir to this point,
including all those involved in the collaborative clinical trial, the trial investigators, governments, hospitals
and above all the patients who participated. I want to acknowledge our internal teams that have been
working day and night on remdesivir for the past 3 months, following many years of research long before
the outbreak began. Because of the remdesivir news, the original focus for today's call has somewhat
shifted. I'm sure you have a lot of questions on the results and the next steps. We'll provide an overview
of what was a strong first quarter for Gilead, but with an abbreviated set of opening comments, so we can
leave more time for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

I'll speak briefly about the quarter and remdesivir before turning the call over to Andy to discuss financial
details and the impact of COVID-19 on our business. As Doug noted in the opening, Christi, Johanna,
Merdad and Diana have joined us today to answer your questions at the end of the call.

Gilead has been built to withstand significant challenges. There's a short-term uncertainty for all of us,
but the solid foundations that Gilead has laid over the past 30 years and our focus on transformational
therapeutics give us confidence in the long-term durability of the business. We'll do our best to provide
you with a clear picture of where we are and what we expect as far as the near-term impact of COVID-19,
while acknowledging that, as we all know, these are uncertain times with many unknowns, not least of
which is how long the pandemic will last.

So turning to the quarter, I'll use the framework we introduced at the start of the year with the 3
pillars that will shape our future: a strong core business, our internal pipeline and supplemental growth
opportunities that are being enabled through our strategy.

Our performance in the first quarter demonstrated the strength of our foundational business once again
with double-digit growth in HIV. We reached and in fact exceeded all of our targets. Revenues for our HIV
franchise were up 14% year-over-year. This was driven by both treatment and prevention as Biktarvy
remained the #1 prescribed HIV regimen in the U.S. during the quarter, and approximately 38% of
individuals on PrEP are now taking Descovy. What I would say in general about where we stand in HIV
is this: we are very confident in the underlying competitiveness of our products and our position as the
leader in HIV. Completing the picture in our core antivirals business, we saw sustained revenues from our
HCV franchise in the last quarter. Since the introduction of authorized generics in the U.S., we've regained
market share and now hold around 61% of share through Asegua and Gilead.

So moving from our core business to advancing our pipeline, I'll provide just a brief overview. More
detailed information is available as part of our first quarter earnings materials in the Investor Relations
sections of our website. Filgotinib, as you are aware, is under regulatory review in the United States,
Europe and Japan as a potential treatment for rheumatoid arthritis. Our teams are preparing for a
competitive launch and remain in close contact with regulators to understand the effect COVID-19 could
have on review time lines. In HIV, we made progress across our pipeline, sharing important data at the
Virtual CROI conference with our innovative long-acting antiviral and HIV cure programs, reinforcing our
long-term commitment to people living with HIV.

In cell therapy, the FDA accepted Kite BLA for KTE-X19 as a treatment for relapsed and refractory mantle
cell lymphoma during the first quarter and granted a priority review designation. As you might recall, the
European Medicines Agency validated our application in January. This represents really important progress.
Patients with relapsed/refractory mantle cell lymphoma, a rare form of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, are in
need of new therapies. If approved, Kite would be the first company with 2 cell therapies on the market.

So I've touched on our strong core business and advancing our pipeline. Now I want to say a few words
about the work we are doing to expand our pipeline through business development, including, of course,
the acquisition of Forty Seven completed earlier this month. Acquiring Forty Seven is a great early
example of our strategy in action. We said we would build on our core area of expertise, which, as
you know, are virology and immunomodulation, that we would keep a high bar in that our business
development efforts were focused on clinical stage assets, such as magrolimab, which we gained as a part
of this acquisition. We're working to integrate the teams and the programs, a joint effort which I'm leading
with Mark McCamish, the CEO of Forty Seven, with the objectives of keeping things moving smoothly with
magrolimab and defining a working model that supports continued innovation.

Next month, researchers will present data on our next-generation cancer therapies virtually at ASCO,
including magrolimab and a number of abstracts that highlight the Kite cell therapy portfolio. The
presentations at ASCO underscore the strength of our scientific approach in immuno-oncology, and we
look forward to sharing this latest research.

Beyond Forty Seven, our business development team remains as active as ever. In the last month,
we've announced 3 partnerships: a collaboration with Second Genome to identify biomarkers and
potential new drug targets in inflammation, a licensing agreement between Kite and TeneoBio covering

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

the dual-targeting CAR-T therapies and a 3-year collaboration with oNKo-innate to discover cancer
immunotherapies. Overall, we continue to maintain our momentum, and I'm pleased with all the progress
we've made this quarter.

I'll now turn to remdesivir. The study results shared yesterday from the randomized placebo-controlled
Phase III NIAID study and from our own open-label Phase III simple study in patients with severe disease
are important progress as we seek to understand the role that remdesivir might play in easing the burden
of COVID-19 around the world. These trials are part of a suite of clinical trials investigating the effects
of remdesivir. We designed the clinical research program to ask multiple questions in parallel, including
which groups of patients are most likely to respond and when to treat and for how long. Various study
designs were used, from placebo-controlled to open-label, to answer very specific questions in each case.
We expected that the answers would emerge around the same time, and that taken together, they would
form a clear picture of how remdesivir might best be used for patients.

Yesterday, we answered important questions with the initial results of the NIAID trial and simple trials.
The NIAID data demonstrated that patients with COVID-19 who received remdesivir recovered faster than
similar patients who received placebo. The results from the Gilead-sponsored simple study addressed
a critical question about dosing. The data from the first of the simple studies showed similar clinical
improvements in patients with severe symptoms of COVID-19 regardless of whether they received 5 or 10
days of treatment.

The ability to shorten duration for severely ill patients is very important. It means patients can go home
earlier, hospital resources can be freed up and it has a positive impact, of course, on our supply. We have
calculated having 1.5 million doses by the end of May, amounting to 140,000 treatment courses at a 10-
day treatment duration. The Gilead simple study suggests we may now be able to significantly increase
the number of courses available with a 5-day treatment duration for certain patients. As we announced
previously, we are donating our entire existing supply, frankly because this is the right thing to do at this
time and the human health need in the pandemic.

As you know, we've been ramping up production since January. We've significantly reduced lead times
and expanded our global network of partners. As additional raw materials come available, we'll have an
exponential increase in supplies towards the latter half of this year. We hope to have produced enough
supply to treat over 1 million patients by year-end.

We are also working to build a global consortium of pharmaceutical and chemical manufacturers to expand
global capacity and production. It will be essential for countries to work together to create enough supply
for people all over the world, and we look forward to these collaborative efforts.

For access and allocation, we'll work closely with governments and health care systems to provide access.
We intend to allocate our available supply based on guiding principles that aim to direct global access
for appropriate patients in urgent need of treatment. We recognize there's a lot of work left to be done
and a long way to go in finding medical solutions to end the pandemic, and we'll continue to work with
regulatory authorities on the best path forward for remdesivir. At the same time, all of us at Gilead are
relieved and grateful that our efforts on remdesivir have led to this important progress at a time when we
all need a beacon of hope.

Before I turn the call over to Andy, I want to reiterate how grateful we are for the partnership with many
groups outside Gilead to support the work on remdesivir. The collaboration throughout this pandemic has
been critical

[Technical Difficulty]

Andrew D. Dickinson
Executive VP & CFO

It sounds like we lost Dan. I'll just finish his -- I'll finish Dan's comments. We also want to say how proud
we are of the way our employees have demonstrated such dedication to meeting the needs of patients,
those with COVID-19 as well as those with conditions including HIV, viral hepatitis and cancer, who depend

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

on us for their medications. So with that, I will turn to our financial comments, and then we'll move to
Q&A.

Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Andy Dickinson. I'm the company's CFO. Before I start, I'd also
like to acknowledge the incredible work of our 12,000 employees and what they're doing during these
challenging times. Their dedication and resilience is really inspiring. In addition, from the outset, I'd like to
emphasize that our core business is very strong, durable and provides a solid foundation to navigate the
current environment.

We continue to have confidence in 2020 and beyond. The pandemic has not diminished that view at all,
and we remain confident in our long-term outlook. I'd like to first briefly share some commentary on our
very strong first quarter results, and I'll remind you that the earnings materials posted on our website
contain all of the details, including preliminary color on the impact of COVID-19 on our business to date as
well as our preliminary expectations for the coming months. We are happy to walk through the results and
the impact of COVID-19 on our business to date in detail during the Q&A session.

Starting with our revenues for the quarter. Total revenues for the first quarter were $5.5 billion, with
non-GAAP earnings of $1.68 per diluted share. This compares to revenue of $5.3 billion with non-GAAP
earnings of $1.67 per diluted share for the same period last year. Product sales for the first quarter
were $5.5 billion, down 6% sequentially and up 5% year-over-year. I'd like to call out that we believe
approximately $200 million of revenues were pulled forward in Q1, primarily for our HIV franchise, due
to the COVID-19 pandemic across the U.S. and Europe. This was the result of payers and pharmacies
providing greater access to medicines by allowing 90-day refills and in some cases early refills, among
other offerings. We expect this to reverse itself out over subsequent quarters.

Now turning to our expenses. Non-GAAP R&D expense was $1 billion for the quarter, up 8% compared to
the same period last year primarily due to the ramp-up of remdesivir, including manufacturing scale-up
and clinical trial costs. Non-GAAP SG&A expense was $1.1 billion, up 4% compared to the same period last
year, primarily due to higher promotional expenses in the United States related to our HIV products.

As Dan highlighted, we completed our acquisition of Forty Seven this month. We currently expect to
incur approximately $120 million in expenses this year related to Forty Seven, primarily in research and
development. In addition, I'd like to highlight that the acquisition qualifies as an asset acquisition, and as
a result we currently expect to incur approximately $4.8 billion in GAAP R&D expense primarily related to
in-process research and development.

Turning to our strong balance sheet. During the quarter, we generated $1.4 billion in cash from operations.
We ended the quarter with $24.3 billion in cash and marketable debt securities. We repaid $500 million
of debt, paid cash dividends of $874 million and repurchased 19 million shares of stock for $1.3 billion. I
want to note that we paid approximately $4.9 billion in cash upon closing of Forty Seven in April.

Our strong balance sheet and disciplined allocation of capital has positioned us to continue to grow and
build our business despite current environment and associated risk. We remain very confident in the
durability of our business and expect to generate significant operating cash flow during 2020.

I'll turn now to COVID-19 and its impact on our business. Like others, we have anticipated that there could
be a short-term financial impact to our company and to the sector as a whole. We continue to carefully
review our results to assess the potential magnitude of that impact. Towards the end of the quarter and
in April, we did begin to see some effects on our business, primarily as fewer patients accessed health
care and the number of new starts in HCV and HIV prevention began to slow. However, to date, the overall
effect on our business has been modest, and it remains unclear what the ultimate impact will be. Given
the significant uncertainty regarding the duration and magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are
actively planning for a number of scenarios, and we'd like to focus on our base case assumptions today,
which we are making from data drawn from a number of sources, including epidemiologists, economists
and public health officials.

First, these base case assumptions suggest that pandemic will peak between March and July. We would
point to recent data from Johns Hopkins, which show trends reflecting a slowing of the rate of new cases

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

since late March in the United States and a declining number of new cases in some critically affected
regions of the world.

Second, if the virus returns in the fall or winter, the impact will be lessened due to preparedness and,
hopefully, the emergence of therapeutics including potentially our own remdesivir. Third, the global
economy will begin a recovery late in Q2 and return to the pre-COVID dynamics will be underway by year-
end.

We have of course considered external views that anticipate more and less favorable scenarios, but we
believe this base case provides the best foundation at this time to plan in this uncertain situation.

Let me share a few qualitative perspectives on potential business implications of this scenario. Please bear
in mind the forward-looking statement disclosures we shared at the beginning of the call. I'd also like to
highlight again that we have added significant commentary throughout the investor presentation that's
posted on our website, and we would encourage you to review those materials.

There are 3 key takeaways from our perspective: first, we had a very strong quarter; second, to date, the
impact on our business has been modest; and third, we remain very confident in our long-term outlook.
That said, on the commercial side, driven by lessened health care provider access and fewer patient visits,
we may see revenues adversely impacted in Q2 and potentially beyond. This would likely be different
across our franchises, with our HCV franchise disproportionately affected due to the acute care nature of
that therapy. We believe that the majority of any revenue decrease in HCV revenue due to the pandemic
could be recouped in a warehousing-type effect later in 2020 or into 2021.

In HIV, early signals suggest that switches both for treatment and prevention patients may be impacted by
COVID-19 as people defer health care visits. Specifically, in April, we are observing reductions in Descovy
for PrEP initiations and lower switch volume. PrEP refills may also be affected, but it's still too early to
fully understand any trends here. In contrast, our HIV treatment business is less likely to be significantly
impacted as we believe patients will continue to prioritize refilling their prescriptions and access their
physicians through telemedicine.

In cell therapy, reduced access to authorized treatment centers could, unfortunately, result in critically ill
patients having access challenges, which would impact the business.

Turning to clinical development. Like many others in our industry, we are pausing enrollment for most
trials. The exception to this is studies where patient outcomes are critically impacted, such as trials of our
HIV capsid inhibitor in heavily pretreated individuals who have few other treatment options and some of
our Kite programs that have enrolled patients with cancer who are critically ill. Enrollment in these studies
is at the discretion of the investigators.

Overall, we expect reduced clinical development expenses in the short term. In addition, the dynamic
could lead to delays in potential approvals for pipeline assets over the longer run. With challenge brings
opportunity to help, and as Dan described earlier, we are excited by emerging results on remdesivir as a
potential therapy for COVID-19.

As we ramp up further development and manufacturing of remdesivir, we will incur additional costs
beyond those forecast at the beginning of the year. The magnitude of this investment is dependent on the
continued evolution of the data, the duration of the pandemic and other factors. The potential range of this
investment for 2020 is up to $1 billion, and the accounting treatment of this investment is dependent upon
a number of factors, including potential regulatory approvals. Where authorized by regulatory authorities,
Gilead will focus on making remdesivir both accessible and affordable to governments and patients around
the world.

Given the continued uncertainty in the trajectory of the pandemic and in remdesivir clinical data, it's
premature to define what the right postdonation business model is to create a sustainable long-term
supply for global needs. In the context of a strong underlying business in Q1 results, we will continue to
monitor the situation and expect to provide additional insights and outlook on our Q2 earnings call.
I'd like to close by thanking our team for their extraordinary efforts and for delivering a very strong first
quarter during these challenging times. We can now turn the call over to Q&A. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Dan, if you're there, obviously, I'm sure everyone would [Technical Difficulty]

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes, I'm back.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My question is -- Dan, so my question is for you guys on remdesivir as it relates to [Technical Difficulty]
can you just describe the inputs into how to think about what revenue [ impact to ] the positive remdesivir
could have this year? What are the impacts on that, inputs into that? On expenses, you guys obviously
don't [Technical Difficulty] expense guidance, you kind of walked through that. You described the
[Technical Difficulty] dollars for remdesivir. Maybe just walk through the inputs there and how to think
about why would it be on the low [ end ]? And comment on that because it makes the model [Technical
Difficulty]. So talk to that, to remdesivir.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Michael. I appreciate the question. And sorry, guys, that I got to cut off there before. Thanks,
Andy, for picking up. And the only thing I want to conclude with as my comments is probably the most
important comment, is to really thank the colleagues throughout Gilead that are working on remdesivir
and non-remdesivir projects alike. They've really kept the momentum going in quarter 1, and I'm humbled
and proud to be working with them. So Michael, thank you for the call. On the revenue side, it is just --
as Andy mentioned also, and I mentioned, it's too premature. There's a lot of moving parts right now. Our
focus will be on making sure we come up with a sustainable model that allows us to provide remdesivir
to patients around the globe that is intent on providing access and affordability. We're just now going
through the clinical data, the demand scenarios, the regulatory approvals. All these things are essential
for us to put inputs into our plan about how that will work post the donation. So we can't really give more
insight into that at this stage. But certainly, when we can, we will.

And on the expense side, Andy, I mean obviously you had mentioned already that up to $1 billion and
unclear on how the accounting will occur, but perhaps you want to add something else to Michael's
question?

Andrew D. Dickinson
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Michael. At this point, it's too early to tell you where that's going to fall in the P&L, as there are
a number of scenarios. It could -- those expenses could fall into cost of goods sold. As you know, they
could be R&D expenses, and in some scenarios a portion of them could also be SG&A expenses. So
at a high level, the expenses that we're referencing, as you would expect, come from manufacturing,
predominantly, and to a lesser extent clinical trials. And I think that's our best good faith estimate at this
time based on what we know in terms of the expenses that we see as we ramp up over the year. And we'll
do everything we can to provide more color and commentary, in particular, on our Q2 earnings call.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

I appreciate it. $1 billion of expenses and not knowing the revenue. It's an interesting position. Appreciate
it.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Michael.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Wanted to also ask on remdesivir, no surprise. I was wondering if you could talk about the formulation
work that's underway to potentially develop an oral and/or an inhaled version of the product. Like how far
along might you be on this front? And when can we expect to see something more there?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Cory. I'll start out and maybe others on the call want to add. But our focus, as you can
imagine, since January, has been on ramping up the supply, particularly so that we have the lyophilized
version that's appropriate for intravenous administration, the clinical program, all of that. So that's really
where we've been. At the same time though, we have had a team -- just as with everything with this
program, including the supply, we've had teams that have been really, since the very day 1 in January,
been focusing on success. And so if successful, what -- how else could we potentially develop this
medicine. I think that's been taken into account from the totality of the clinical trial program, looking at
both critical, severe and moderate patients. But likewise, we've done the same thing with other alternative
delivery mechanisms, presuming success, that might make it more convenient for patients or allow us
to broaden the patient group that can benefit from a successful antiviral. And that work is, as you can
imagine, still early, but we can say a couple of things. It's not -- this particular medicine, because it's
heavily first-pass metabolized in the liver, is not really appropriate as an oral formulation.

We've known that for years, probably a decade. But we are looking into things like subcutaneous
formulations and potentially inhaled formulations. And although it's too premature to give you time lines
on that, rest assured that we are -- we've been actively working on those. And as soon as we can give
some time lines, we will. To see now, particularly because of the efficacy that we've seen this week, we'll
continue to pursue those with a great sense of urgency. But time line is a little premature. Just know that
we've been working on it now for several months. I don't know, Merdad, if you want to add anything?
You're okay, good. Merdad is okay. Is that okay, Cory? I know you need more, but we'll give you more as
soon as we can.

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

No, no, fair enough. I appreciate you answering the question, and good luck with continued progress
there.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Cory.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

2 questions on remdesivir, if I could, and appreciate all the work that you guys are doing to bring this
treatment to patients. First off, on the NIAID study, can you give us any sense of the proportion of
patients who are involved in the interim? Is there any additional update that we should be expecting that
could be a gating factor to availability and your level of confidence that differences in baseline risk factors
didn't influence those results as may have happened in the China study? And then just secondly, related
to supply, any particular subsets of patients across the studies where you may be seeing the most optimal
benefits that you might consider working with regulators to direct the agent to while you're scaling up?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Brian. Sorry, just to be clear on your second one related to supply, you said is there any
subset of patients? Can you just complete that one more time?

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. Any subset of patients where you might be seeing more benefits, more optimal benefits across the
study where you might consider working with regulators to try and direct the agent to initially as supply
gets...

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

In terms of like an allocation. Yes, with limited allocation.

Unknown Executive

Or limited [indiscernible].

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes, got it, got it. Okay, I'm going to turn it over to Merdad, and I'll let Merdad take a stab at both of
those. Please?

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Brian, on the first question -- this is Merdad. On the first question, we have not seen a lot of the baseline
demography and the sorts of data that would help in terms of answering your question on the NIAID
study. So I think we're all going to have to wait for those data to get published and get put out for us all to
review. So I think that's pending, and we'll look for that to come out.

In terms of patient subsets, I think our data, and if you look at who's been enrolled in the trials overall,
I think we're clearly looking at the hospitalized patient population, and we're looking at patients who
are requiring supplemental oxygen as the primary population that we're after, including those that may
either become ventilated or may start out mechanically ventilated. Certainly, our data support that from
our open-label trials. The NIAID study enrolled that breadth of patients, but we have not seen subgroup
analyses of the different patient populations to give you clarity there. But we believe it will be in that fairly
broad population early on.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I just want to say great job on the whole -- to the whole team, really, for the -- for remdesivir
development. A couple of points here. On COVID-19, have you guys looked at other nukes for earlier-
stage patients? Just thinking about 938 or sofosbuvir. I know you guys have a lot probably that is there
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

that could be more applicable to mild-to-moderate patients? And then on remdesivir access, is there a
model to license out IP and/or manufacturing? I'm just thinking about how to accelerate perhaps broader
access outside the U.S.?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks so much, Geoff, for the thoughts. Everybody at Gilead will appreciate your sentiment. Let's
start with COVID and the other nukes. I didn't know whether Merdad or Diana, you want to handle that?
I'm not sure how you want to...

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Sure. I think right now -- this is Merdad again, Geoff, thanks for the question. Right now, we do believe
that remdesivir is the best molecule and has the best potency against the coronavirus. Anything we do,
we look at -- and both we and others have been looking for other molecules that could have potency
here. But remdesivir is certainly the most potent molecule that we have, and that's been our focus. We'll
certainly keep looking there. One of the reasons we are focused on looking at alternative formulations for
remdesivir is to address the question that you asked, which is how can we get to other patient populations
who may benefit from the drug as outpatients, for example? And I think in the short run, I would -- I
believe that, that's going to be the best -- the short to medium term, I think that will be the best approach
for us to go.

And then I think your second question was about manufacturing, right?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So I mean, Andy, maybe you want to take this question as well because you're leading a group on
this.

Andrew D. Dickinson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And I'd be happy to. Geoff, thanks for your comments. Look, on the manufacturing side, I'd say a
couple of things at a high level, is that, again, our primary focus is on providing access to patients around
the world. So just like we did with our HIV medicines and HCV medicines, we are deeply focused on this.
We are -- we have 2 separate work streams. One is working on our internal supply chain and making sure
that we have a robust supply of starting materials, intermediates and a strong manufacturing consortium
built with companies around the world. You've seen some of the references to that in Dan's CEO letters,
and I would expect that we'll provide some additional information over the coming weeks and months.

We do have a second work stream, where we are in discussions with large sophisticated companies
around the globe, exploring the potential for other companies to help establish separate end-to-end
manufacturing supply chains. The difficulty there, as you might imagine, is that given the scarcity of some
of the starting materials, we want to make sure that we don't do anything to impact our supply chain,
given that that is the quickest route to getting product to patients who need it all around the world. But
we are looking at alternatives. It's too early to give you any specific guidance or to tell you where we're
going to land on it. But we are working with a number of companies around the world that you and others
know well to see what we could do together and if there's an opportunity to benefit patients in that way.
So I'll leave it at that, and then you see...

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

That's great, Andy, and appreciate your leadership there with your business development head on working
with manufacturing. I would just add that we've been a student of other small molecules in this type of
setting, whether it's Tamiflu in the past, in terms of kind of the scale-up and stockpiling that occurred
there, or students of our own work, if you like, within our HIV portfolio between the developed and the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

developing world. So we're putting all that knowledge to work as we think about moving fast and wide in
terms of our ability to produce supply, but also thinking very thoughtfully about a global footprint here
which would allow for this to, as Andy said, have different geographic representation, which we think is
going to be really important. So more to come on that, but we've had teams really focused on that day
and night for the past several months, just to give you an idea of that. Thanks, Geoff.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with SVB Leerink.

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

And I can't help echo the comments and appreciate all the great communication as well, from Dan
on down. So on remdesivir, I'll ask a controversial question, perhaps no surprise. But Dan, Gilead has
generated attractive returns for investors and an attractive return on capital from treating hepatitis C and
potentially nearly eliminating hepatitis C, from treating HIV and turning it into a chronic disease, and for
building a really important global stockpile of an antiviral for influenza. So what's special about COVID?
Should we assume that the capital returns or the profitability for providing a global treatment for COVID
long-term after the first 200,000 or 300,000 courses are provided on a donation basis, should we assume
the returns are going to be similar to the returns that you've generated in other parts of the business?

And then just quickly, can you give us an update on filgotinib? And can you launch this on a virtual basis?
Or do you expect to be out of a virtual basis by the time that approval comes?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Terrific. So Johanna, I'll let you handle the filgotinib, but let me start with your first question, Geoff, and
thanks again. And obviously, we are conscious of the fact that this is unique and this is different. You
mentioned some parallels to HIV, HCV, even Tamiflu. But there's been no other time like this in the history
of the planet that any of us have been alive, in terms of the far-reaching effect of this pandemic, both
medically, from a patient perspective most importantly, but also economically. And so I think there is no
guidebook out there. There is no rule book out there other than that we need to be very thoughtful about
how we can make sure we provide access of our medicine to patients around the globe and do that in a
sustainable way for the company, for you as shareholders, and we acknowledge that.

And so point's well taken. And I would -- I guess, the short answer to your question is, I don't think there
is a precedent for this. And so we understand our responsibility, and we understand our responsibility to a
variety of different audiences as we approach this. So we'll be working back with you, and we'll certainly
be getting feedback from different individuals as we evolve this and as we understand more data around
this. But rest assured, we understand our responsibility.

With that, I'm going to turn it over to Johanna, please, to talk a little bit about filgotinib.

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Sure. So Geoffrey, I think just a quick update on filgo. We basically have hired all of our home office
personnel, both from a commercial and medical standpoint. We've hired our sales leadership, field
leadership as well. And we're monitoring the situation really closely, to be honest with you, because
nobody really knows when this ends or what's the new normal and when that begins. And so we're
just kind of monitoring that and planning for success, to be honest with you, to make sure that we are
ready for launch for the second half of 2020 across all the markets where we will get -- we hope to get
regulatory approval, with the U.S., Japan as well as Europe towards the end of this year.

I think from a virtual launch standpoint, I think those are considerations that we're looking at in scenario
planning, and we haven't made a decision. Obviously that will be linked to the timing of this pandemic.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Having said that, I will also tell you that a lot of our teams are doing virtual right now. Many of the
markets are doing remote detailing, virtual speaker programs, et cetera, and working through this
environment despite, obviously, the offices and patients not being open at this point in time. So we're
working through all that and looking at the different scenarios. But I think we need to know a little bit
more information on the timing of this pandemic and how that plays out towards the end of this year.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And thanks for all your work with remdesivir. I'm going to ask 2 on HIV. One, can you just talk a little bit
about PrEP conversion with Descovy? I think you said you're at 38%, which is actually fairly close to the
target you guys were talking about. Do you think you can do better than that or not this year? And then I
also noticed in the back of the slides, you were talking about a long-acting bictegravir that you're putting
into clinical studies. Maybe you could comment on that.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Terrific. Thank you so much, Matthew, for the comment. So Johanna, yes, why don't you start? And
perhaps Diana can add on the development side.

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Okay, great. Thanks for the question, Matt. So HIV overall business is, of course, another quarter, a solid
quarter again, this year. It's the eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. And that's obviously
driven by both the treatment and the PrEP business.

So your question specific to Descovy, yes, so we just hit 38%, and so tracking exactly to our plan, right?
We had said anywhere between 40% to 45% towards the end of this year. So we feel confident with that
number. Obviously, as Andy mentioned in his opening comments, there has been a little bit of a slowdown
from a switch standpoint in the PrEP market for obvious reasons, because patients are not going to their
-- to the physician's offices. But it's modest thus far, and we think a lot of those, we'll be able to recoup
towards the end of this year when the pandemic does lift.

So we feel still very confident that, yes, we think we're going to be in the range of the 40%, 45% that
we had originally set out. And maybe even if all goes well and we can get out of this pandemic a little bit
earlier, maybe a little bit north of that.

So Diana, maybe to address the long acting?

Diana Brainard
Senior Vice President of HIV & Emerging Viral Infections

Yes, I'd be happy to. So as you probably know, we're really pursuing multiple shots on goal for developing
a partner for our capsid inhibitor. We are looking at molecules across different classes. And part of that
is looking at the integrase inhibitor class. And we've got really what's the best-in-class, ideal integrase
inhibitor right now with bictegravir. And so we've -- one of our efforts has been in formulating that such
that it could be a long-acting injectable and a potential sort of first-generation partner for a capsid
inhibitor. We've made a lot of progress. As you know, we've got great formulation team here, and we're on
the verge of getting that into the clinic.

Now most Phase I centers globally really have been shut down or paused. So timing there is a little bit
uncertain, but we're ready and hoping to have data by the end of the year.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Great. Thank you, Diana. So why don't we go to the next question? Thanks, Matt.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Dan, we really admire Gilead's efforts during the pandemic and the drug donations, et cetera. But as we
go beyond that, it does seem like there will be a commercial business in the broader COVID landscape.
And I don't want to peg you to a dollar number, but I do want to ask this: do you envision Gilead's product
offerings for COVID being beyond remdesivir? For example, PI combinations and/or even partnering with
vaccine companies of sorts? I'm just trying to understand how you envision this category for Gilead, if I
may.

And Merdad, if I may ask you a quick two-part question. First, do you have a certain lung concentration
in mind that you're targeting? And is that much less than the 20 micromolars that was laid out in the
New England Journal paper? And do we have any data from humans on what lung concentrations are we
actually seeing with remdesivir with the dose that's in the clinic?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Umer. Thank you for your comments. Thank you for your thoughtful work. Yes, getting back to
remdesivir and how do we see this playing out over time. Again, I'm going to have to come back to some
of the basis of what I said before, which is we really need some time now to reflect upon a very volatile,
changing situation to determine both on the clinical side, regulatory side, pandemic side, epidemiology,
what the right sustainable model is. Rest assured that we'll come back to you as soon as we can digest
that and as soon as, actually, a little bit more time passes, which was also one of the important reasons
for the donation, to allow us to obtain more information as well, what that sustainable plan and model is.

But I'll just make a couple of comments on what you said, and it was also echoed by Dr. Fauci yesterday,
which is with the NIAID results and the highly statistical significant reduction in time to recovery, this now
changes the landscape, if you like, for drug development within COVID-19, being that one has to now
think about comparing to remdesivir and/or looking at adding to remdesivir, which I think is exactly what
the NIH trial is going to do now and I'm sure all of our collaborators within the drug development space.
We have been working with them. We're going to continue to work with them on the most thoughtful
hypotheses around how we might be give -- consider, just as one reflects upon the HIV building decades
ago, that remdesivir becomes kind of the base therapy, and one looks to try to improve symptomology
improvement, mortality improvement, expanding patient populations. And so that is yet another factor
that will go in to how we determine how best to create a sustainable solution for remdesivir. But clearly,
all those things we have been thinking about, and now we have to accelerate now that we have these trial
results. So more to come on that.

I will have -- Merdad, you answer the lung question, if you could, please, for Umer.

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Yes. Thanks, Dan. So what I would say is the concentration that we're looking for, as you know, we think
our EC50 in human cells is in the tens of nanomolar range. And we know our serum concentration gets in
the micromolar range. And so we should be more than adequately covered by achieving those levels with
the current dosing paradigm that we have, probably by an order of magnitude or 2.

In -- certainly, in the serum and based on model data in nonhuman primates as well as mice, we see more
than adequate concentrations getting into the lung of those animals and in vivo efficacy in those animals.
And I think the clinical benefits we're seeing suggests that that's exactly what's happening in humans
as well. So I think we're pretty comfortable with where we are in terms of both dosing and exposure,
including in the lung.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Alethia Young with Cantor Fitzgerald.

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

Thank you for your contribution in solving the world's problems. Maybe just 1.5 for me. Were you
surprised just with the severe kind of working as it did with an antiretroviral that you kind of think that
you might need to have people kind of earlier in the virus for it to work? And do you think it worked better
there?

And then the second question is just a little bit around HIV. Are you seeing buying patterns changing in
the public markets, like the Medicaid, the prisons, et cetera, et cetera?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks an awful lot, Alethia, again, for your comments. I'm going to turn the first question over to
Merdad and the second one over to Johanna. But just as I do, on your first question, and I think Merdad
can fill in the details here, but there's been a surprising consistency across all the different data elements
in our clinical program, from compassionate use, to interrogating what we know about the China trial,
to the severe trial, to the NIAID trial. And I think that is maybe not something that's completely well
understood out there. And I think, Merdad, as a part of your response, I think it would be helpful for you
to reflect upon that as well, if it's okay.

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Yes. No, of course. I think, Alethia, we all were using the parallel construct of influenza for our thinking
around remdesivir, right, which was you got to get in really early given the viral kinetics in influenza. And
getting in too late probably won't have much of an impact. And I remember an investor call a couple of
months ago where I said that as well, and that was certainly our expectation. However, the wild card here,
and what I think we're still learning is, what are the viral kinetics in patients with this virus. How long does
that last, and how quickly does it go up? And how quickly can we have an impact on it?

So I think the data are the data, essentially. We are seeing efficacy across both patient populations but
also across trials that are really all tracking in the same direction, as Dan alluded to. So even if you look at
the China data, the hazard ratios for improvement are consistently positive. The study was underpowered,
and I think the hazard ratios we'll probably see from the NIAID study are going to be in the same ballpark.
But with an appropriate sample size, they're highly statistically significant. Similarly, I think when we look
at the mortality data and when we look at all of those different factors, this virus seems to be behaving
differently. Remdesivir seems to be having efficacy in a relatively broad patient population. And so I think
we're learning as we go. We'll learn more as more data are generated, right? We have our moderate data
coming up where we'll be looking at an even less severely ill patient population. So there'll be more data
coming out in that population that may add to our knowledge base here to understand the spectrum. And
as we talked about earlier, understanding the efficacy in the subgroups in the NIAID study will be really
interesting in this, and we don't have that information yet.

So I think all those data will contribute to our overall understanding of how early do you need to be in, do
patients who have symptoms for less time do better. Those are certainly the trends, but there certainly
seems to be benefit even in patients who have longer duration of symptoms right now.

Maybe I'll hand it off to Johanna for the HIV question.

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Merdad. So Alethia, just a couple of things. We have a couple of moving pieces in the first
quarter for HIV. So I just want to -- because it's not just one piece that's making the difference here. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

so the first one is obviously the seasonal inventory, right? There's a Q4 load up and then Q1 draw down.
So that's definitely happening in Q1. Then we also had towards late March, like I'm sure many did as well,
the prescription -- number of days per prescription rise and inventories rise towards end of March. So we
had a bit of a mix of those 2 things. And specifically to government channels that you were asking the
buying pattern, we do normally see in Q1 a little bit more of a higher mix towards government channels
in the first quarter. And that obviously negatively impacts our payer mix. So that is definitely happening in
the first quarter of this year.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Great. Thank you, Johanna. Thank you, Alethia.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Mohit Bansal with Citigroup.

Mohit Bansal
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Great. And I would also add my appreciation for your efforts against COVID-19. A quick one from my side,
if you can help me. If you can -- can you please update us on your collaboration programs with Galapagos
time lines at this point, both for IPF as well as osteoarthritis. And specifically on osteoarthritis program,
how important is it for Gilead to see the -- see improvement in pain when we see the data for you to take
a decision to opt in there?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Mohit. I'm going to turn it over to Merdad. Thank you, Merdad.

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question, Mohit. So with the IPF program, there is a scheduled interim analysis that
will be coming up early next year, and we think things will stay on track. Again, I'll put some error bars
around the pandemic, but I don't think that should be impacted, at least today. So that will be something
that we'll be clearly looking forward to and it will be important to how we proceed there.

In terms of the osteoarthritis, it's a great question. I think while seeing structural improvement is going
to be really important and interesting, certainly, thus far, the regulatory guidance has included looking at
symptoms like pain for improvement. So we can push on that, obviously, if we see structural improvement
and we haven't been powered, for example, for pain, then we'll have to look at that and think about
what the implications of that are and discuss it with the regulators. So I think what we'll be looking for is
directionality on all the end points that we will be measuring to make a smart decision in terms of moving
forward with that program.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust.

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

And again, great work on all the things you're doing to help us with COVID. So there's a lot of talk about
remdesivir being approved for emergency use. Can you just clarify, does that mean that at that point in
time, versus now where it's compassionate use, you actually could charge for the drug? And when you say
affordable, does that mean a positive margin for the product? And lastly, from a science point of view, help
me understand what would it take for some of these drugs, or your drug on top of other drugs, to work in
a ventilator patient do you think, theoretically?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Great. So I'll turn the ventilator question over to Merdad in just a second. But thanks. We'll clarify the
EUA. So yes, I mean, under an emergency use authorization, one could charge for the product. We made
a decision, as you know, to donate 1.5 million vials, which is the entirety of our supply through the early
summer. And that's for a variety of uses, right? I mean that's for clinical trials, as one would expect not to
charge for those, of course, compassionate use, EAP in other countries. But also available is that supply
for regulatory approvals around the world, and we'll allocate accordingly as regulatory approvals come
online. So yes, it is possible to charge.

I would just say that our goal here is to get a full approval for remdesivir. We feel the data supports that.
And an EUA, therefore, is a step to really a more formalized approval. The reason the agency and we
are talking about that is that these are extraordinary times, right? So weeks would make a difference
to be able to get medicine to patients by enacting an EUA, if that's what the FDA chooses to do prior to
another form of approval. And so it's a stepwise approach, which allows us to immediately address the
humanitarian need, while still pursuing all the aspects of a normal approval, which we are doing with the
FDA. So I think that's probably the most important point.

And again, I know, Robyn -- and trust us, we will be answering your questions on the sustainable model
for remdesivir in the future -- in the near future. We just don't have the answers yet. And we -- but
we deeply respect and appreciate the fact that when we get into millions of doses, we have to have a
sustainable economic model that works here and that achieves access to -- and affordability to patients
around the world. So more to come on that.

If I could turn it over to Merdad on the ventilated treatment approach.

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Yes, Robyn, excellent question. Thanks. The criticality of this comes down to a timing question, right?
It really comes down to how long is viral replication ongoing in the lungs of patients and how quickly do
patients deteriorate to needing mechanical ventilation? Certainly, what we're seeing is that patients are
very, very rapidly deteriorating. Some patients deteriorate rapidly. And so getting them antiviral therapy in
that time frame where it seems that there's still viral replication going on certainly seems to be benefiting
those patients. And probably what's going on -- and this is speculation on my part -- is by limiting the
viral replication, you're going to limit the inflammation, you're going to reduce the number of people who
develop lung injury, and you're going to get them off the ventilator faster. So the discharge rates that
we're seeing, where the people are being discharged 4 days earlier, for example, in the NIAID study,
underlying that are patients who are deescalating their need for oxygenation. And that leads them to
getting on to room air more quickly. And I think it -- so there's a time element in all of this that I think is
probably where we're benefiting these patients.

Certainly, if you talk about people who've been ventilated for a week or 2 weeks, there, the question of
whether an antiviral would be beneficial, I think, seems more difficult to tie into what's going on. But
again, it comes down to understanding the viral kinetics here, and that's a work in progress, I think, for all
of us.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Salim Syed with Mizuho.

Salim Qader Syed
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

I echo all my peers' comments on the great work you guys have done on remdesivir. Dan, maybe
just one for me, a high-level question here around your involvement maybe with folks in Washington,
your discussions there. So obviously, like biotech for some time has been about -- from a Washington
perspective, about drug pricing. And the rhetoric has been pretty negative. I'm wondering if the rhetoric

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

has changed at all in your view when you're dealing with folks there. How it's particularly changed given
you guys are so key to remdesivir and the solution to COVID-19?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Salim. Yes, these are unusual times for all of us, I'm sure in all of your areas of interest as
well as ours. And so what I can say is that I think people have come together in a variety of ways. And
certainly, that's also occurred to a certain degree in Washington. And I've spent a decent amount of time
in Washington over the past several months, well, certainly before the shelter-in-place. And I think even
then there is some change in the rhetoric. I think for highly innovative research-based companies that
have immediately kind of shifted their efforts to solutions in the coronavirus, it's pretty impressive actually
to -- and many of the peers in the industry that I stay in very close touch with have spared no expense to
kind of pivot and shift.

So I think at the end of the day, I think this will certainly help the industry's reputation. I think the ability
to solve a human crisis like this, because of the decades of investment and the at-risk investment that's
done by so many companies, people, I think, will -- and the general public will see that. And whether
that's treatment -- different types of treatments or vaccines, I think that will be the case.

But certainly, to your point, I think the tone is different in Washington. I think people are very appreciative
and concerned about finding solutions here. And it's brought us all together, which I think is a good thing.
I'm not suggesting that there won't continue to be focus and pressure on drug pricing. Of course, there
will be. And we continue to work appropriately to make sure that, in particular, the patients that are
bearing the brunt sometimes of some of the pharmaceutical pricing, that legislation is put into place that
supports that and improves that for patients, and that we lean in as an industry and as a company to give
more that flows through to patients. So all of those principles, I think, still apply, but it's being done now
in a way where we can have an appreciation for the innovation the industry brings.

So more to come and a lot still to happen this year with the election coming up and with other things.
But I think from a Gilead perspective, we stay focused on innovative medicines and making sure we
have access programs, on leaning into legislation that supports the innovative industry and that supports
reducing patient out-of-pocket costs, and that will be our focus accordingly, Salim. So hope that gives a
little bit of a insight.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Van Buren with Piper Sandler.

Tyler Martin Van Buren
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Thanks for everything that you're doing, and have a couple more remdesivir questions, of course. Given
your experience, your expertise in viral infections and all the natural history that you guys are collecting
in real-time, wanted to ask you about your best, latest thoughts on the nature of COVID-19 recurrence.
Your base case assumes a peak potentially by July, a return in the fall and winter, but a lower impact.
So is it possible to provide a rough quantification of what that lower impact might be? And then also in
subsequent years, is this something that you would expect in that base case to peter out or to be with us
for potentially the next decade or 2?

And then the second question is just following up on your earlier comments on FDA interactions and
potential pathways to approval, which was helpful. Have you guys had labeling discussions? Is there any
color you could provide there?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

On remdesivir, right?

Tyler Martin Van Buren

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Yes.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Okay. Sure. Thanks, Tyler, again, for the comments. And I might ask if Andy and Merdad want to
comment on the first question. Let me start with the second.

So yes, we've been in constant dialogue with the agency on remdesivir. I just have to really also say how
thankful we are for the FDA and other members of the government and the coronavirus task force that
have really made themselves available, really literally all the time, when we need them and vice versa. So
it's been a very good collaborative relationship.

In terms of remdesivir and the interactions with the FDA, I mean, we have been working with them on
the submission. They've been open to receiving parts of the submission, which has been very helpful
under a normal process, plus the whole EUA process that kind of goes on top of that. So yes, the answer
is -- and you can imagine that, obviously, that's been going on for weeks and actually a couple of months
now. But in the past 48 hours, it's increased in intensity. So we are, and the team is, in constant kind of
information exchange with the agency right now, and they're getting information from us, obviously, from
NIH and the NIAID trial, and there's a big sense of urgency here. I think FDA understands the importance
of reacting quickly to this, and so it's intense right now. And we think the FDA will move quite quickly on
their decisioning on the labeling side. So back to the lower impact on the base case.

I don't know, Merdad, from a scientific perspective, or Andy, if you want to provide any other -- I think we
don't have a crystal ball, I guess I would say.

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Yes. I think, Tyler, we're as much a consumer as others. I think we are -- obviously, our data are a
snapshot into what's going on, but we use, for our modeling, we use the external epidemiology data and
use that right now to get the broader picture. So I don't think we have any unique insights today that
don't rely on the same sources that everyone else. So that's, I think, where we are. Obviously, as we
capture more data, maybe that will change. But today, I think that's where we are.

And I'll just echo what Dan said. I -- this has been an unprecedented time in terms of our interactions
with the regulators, both here in the U.S. as well as outside the U.S. It's been really impressive and
truly collaborative, working with the NIH and the FDA in parallel over the past couple of months; we talk
constantly. And the same is true with the EMA. Same is true with Japan. We're talking to all the regulators
in parallel. So it's been a pretty unique situation, and I think everyone understands the gravity. So that's
been very helpful in moving forward collaboratively.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thanks Merdad. So we have time for one last question.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company.

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And let me add my appreciation for your diligence in attacking COVID. Just 2 more questions on
remdesivir. The first is on the upcoming data from the SIMPLE trial, the moderate trial due in May. Can you
remind us how the enrollment criteria and end point definitions differed between the NIAID trial and that
upcoming data set? And therefore, should we expect similar data? Or are there notable differences?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

And then second, just a follow-up question on Tyler's. On the FDA approval pathway, Dan, your answer to
Tyler's question suggests that you may not need any more data to get a formal FDA approval. The NIAID
trial might be sufficient. Is that your current understanding of your FDA dialogue?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'll let Merdad also discuss. So yes, I'm just -- look, the discussions are still ongoing in terms
of what's required for a formal approval. But I meant to infer earlier is that the NIAID data are --
demonstrate safety and efficacy at a highly statistical level, right, which is usually the barrier for a full
approval. So that's what we're working with them on. And I don't want to get ahead of the agency on
that, if that's okay. So -- but again, I do believe that there is most likely kind of a two-step process, with
potentially an EUA being granted and then moving on to the full approval.

Having said that, can I turn to Merdad or Diana? Merdad, okay, on the first question.

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Yes. I was actually going to see if Diana wanted to answer that question.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Yes, that's great. Diana, thank you.

Diana Brainard
Senior Vice President of HIV & Emerging Viral Infections

Sure thing. Yes. So in terms of end points, the NIAID study looked at time to clinical recovery, [ using ]
the 7-point ordinal scale. And the ordinal scale is really tracking throughout most of the major clinical
trials right now. But as our understanding of the disease has evolved, the types of end points using that
scale has evolved. And so NIAID changed to time to clinical recovery, which basically means no longer
requiring medical care within the hospital, getting off of oxygen or live discharge.

In our moderate study, we're looking -- we're using the ordinal scale as well, but we're looking at the day
11 distribution along that ordinal scale. So similar to what we did in our severe study, but looking at day
11 instead of day 14, recognizing that we're looking at a population that's less sick. So the moderate study
is looking at patients who are hospitalized, but they're not hypoxic. They're not requiring oxygen. The
NIAID study enrolled patients from -- starting there, but all the way through mechanical ventilation. So
slightly different end points for slightly different patient populations. And most importantly, really looking
at different questions. We're looking at treatment duration. They're looking at primary safety and efficacy
with a placebo control.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thanks a lot, Phil. So with that, I think we'll turn the call over to Doug to close. But let me just say thank
you very much to all of you. And we really appreciate your trust and confidence in Gilead, and we'll
continue to do our best throughout what we do for patients and certainly for COVID-19. So with that,
Doug, do you want to have the last word?

Douglas Maffei
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Dan, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your continued interest in Gilead,
and the team here looks forward to providing you with updates on our future progress.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program,
and you may all disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

