Global Payments Inc. NYSE:GPN
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, February 08, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.76

1.80

2.27

1.83

6.37

6.40

0.47

8.00

1759.55

1752.37

(0.41 %)

1768.88

6764.77

6748.02

(0.25 %)

7537.25

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-08-2021 12:53 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.53

1.21

1.66

1.76

1.58

1.31

1.71

1.80

3.27 %

8.26 %

3.01 %

2.27 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Timothy Edward Chiodo
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments Fourth Quarter and
Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference
will be recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor
Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Conference Call.
Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's
conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results. These
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and
economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
expectations.

Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent
10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-
looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to
update them.

Some of the comments made refer to non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted net revenue,
adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our
ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most
comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished
as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are
available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com.

Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd, Senior
Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Winnie. We delivered fourth quarter and full year results that exceeded our expectations because
of our focus on technology enablement, coupled with ongoing excellence in execution. Our fourth quarter
results demonstrated continued sequential improvement despite the impact of a more challenging
macroeconomic environment in a number of our markets for much of the period. None of this would have
been possible without the dedication of our exceptional team members during this difficult time, and we
thank them for their commitment to our customers, to each other and to our communities.

We are very pleased to have delivered substantial margin improvement for the fourth quarter while also
setting aside funds to pay partial cash bonuses to our non-executive team members. Because of the
actions we took early in the pandemic and our consistency in execution, we were able to deliver double-
digit earnings per share growth in the fourth quarter, positioning us well heading into 2021. We believe
that we exited 2020 in a better position than we entered.

We also accomplished a great deal over the last 12 months. Specifically, we signed Truist Financial
Corporation, the sixth largest commercial bank in the United States, a competitive win twice over; entered
a new collaboration with AWS, our preferred provider of issuer cloud services, to launch a unique go-
to-market distribution strategy, coupled with transformative cloud-native technologies; expanded and
extended our partnership with CaixaBank on increasing ownership of our joint venture and executing a
new referral agreement through 2040; renewed agreements with a number of the most complex and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

sophisticated financial institutions globally, including TD Bank in North America, HSBC in Europe and
CIBC in Canada; assisted in the rapid distribution of more than $2.5 billion in stimulus funds for our
Netspend customers days faster than other financial technology participants; and announced today a new
partnership with Google to deliver innovative and seamless digital services to all manner of merchants
worldwide.

Our collaboration with Google substantially advances our merchant business by driving incremental
revenue and lowering operating costs to a worldwide go-to-market distribution relationship and co-
innovation agreement focused on transformative cloud-native technologies. Together, we will bring new
best-in-class digital products to market on a global basis more quickly, and we will further catalyze our
culture of market-leading innovation.

Cameron will provide more detail on Google in a minute, but it's worth noting that in the last 6 months,
we have struck significant and unique distribution relationships with 2 of the world's largest and most
respected technology companies with a combined market capitalization of nearly $3 trillion. This is a first
for the payments technology industry, and we did this in the midst of a once-in-a-century pandemic while
delivering adjusted earnings per share growth and gaining market share. These collaborations also are
consistent with our long-held distinctive strategies to drive digital penetration.

Our business is the combination of 2 halves: distinctive distribution and cutting-edge technologies. AWS
and Google enhanced both parts of the equation. Together, we will leapfrog legacy analog means of
distribution and redefine how payment solutions and services are sold and consumed in the digital age for
our issuing and merchant businesses.

We already have reached the threshold of 60% of our business coming from technology enablement,
a goal we set in March 2018 for year-end 2020 and achieved early last July. And roughly 25% of our
business is now related to our e-commerce and omnichannel initiatives. But together with AWS and
Google, we expect to do more by driving further technology enablement and omnichannel penetration
as legs of the stool for future growth. I cannot think of 2 better partners to catalyze further migration
of our issuing and merchant businesses to cloud-native technologies and expand our competitive moat.
These partnerships provide proof points of the momentum we have entering 2021 and will accelerate the
transformation of our businesses for years to come.

Just a reminder of the composition of the businesses driving our growth, starting with our merchant
business, which is 2/3 of our company. Our technology-enabled portfolio consists of 3 roughly equally
sized channels. Our omnichannel, hardware and software and owned software vertical markets businesses
collectively represent nearly 60% of merchant adjusted net revenue. Our relationship-led businesses make
up the remaining portion and continue to differentiate themselves in the markets we serve based on the
strength of our technologies.

Our omnichannel businesses delivered accelerated sequential growth in the fourth quarter of 2020, again,
excluding travel and entertainment. As we said at the beginning of the pandemic, we continue to see and
expect ongoing sustained share shifts toward omnichannel acceptance brought forward 3 to 5 years by
COVID-19.

We launched our unified commerce or UCP cloud POS solution this quarter, which connects any commerce
software to our wireless payment terminals through our API to help merchants more easily unify their in-
person and online payment experiences. Our Citi partnership also continues to expand worldwide, and
we expect new Citi customers on UCP to include one of the leading global food companies, one of the
preeminent global beverage brands and one of the largest multinational auto manufacturing companies
across multiple continents. And of course, with today's announcement, we also expect Google to become a
UCP partner.

Additionally, we signed an agreement with Texas Instruments across Taiwan, the Philippines and India,
and we expect to expand our relationship to additional geographies later this year. We also reached an
agreement with Wolverine to consolidate their U.K. and European acquiring across 32 countries, and we
have now successfully launched with both Uber Rides and Uber Eats in our Asia Pacific region.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

Moving to Global Payments Integrated, which drives another nearly 20% of our merchant adjusted
net revenue. We generated growth for the fourth quarter and for the full year because of the unrivaled
breadth of our partnership portfolio in the most attractive vertical markets. The strength of our combined
integrated offerings allowed us to exceed our budgeted new sales forecast for calendar 2020, with new
partner production increasing 171% versus 2019.

Our owned software businesses represent the remaining roughly 20% of our merchant adjusted net
revenue, and our leading SaaS solutions in health care, higher education and quick service restaurants
or QSRs have been more resilient in the current environment. To that end, our AdvancedMD business
delivered a record performance in 2020, achieving double-digit revenue and bookings growth, and our
higher education business produced one of its finest years to date.

Lastly, our enterprise QSR business continued its success with Xenial's cloud POS and omni solutions,
enabling over 100 million transactions and $1.5 million in sales for the year. In addition to serving 26 of
the top 50 QSR brands, we were also pleased to announce the signing of Denny's for cloud-based SaaS
solutions, extending our addressable market to the fast-casual category.

Today, we lead with technology and innovative solutions across all of our merchant businesses. This
includes our relationship-led channels, where we continue to see stronger sales performance fueled by our
suite of differentiated products and solutions. For example, our U.S. business is seeing significant uptake
of its SaaS point-of-sale solutions with adjusted net revenue and new sales both exceeding 20% growth in
2020. One recent notable win is with the Milwaukee Bucks, where we'll be deploying our cloud-based POS
solution across merchandise stores and outlets in the arena.

Issuer is the next largest segment of our business. In August 2020, we announced a transformational go-
to-market collaboration with AWS to provide an industry-leading cloud-based issuer processing platform
for customers regardless of size, location or processing preference. We currently have 1 LOI and 3 other
mid- to late-stage opportunities together with AWS that we are actively working. And we now believe that
the win in Asia in a single large market from a legacy competitor that we have already secured with AWS
will likely expand to several markets across Asia over time.

We continue to capitalize on the broad and deep pipeline we have the good fortune to have in our issuer
business. We currently have 11 letters of intent with financial institutions worldwide, 6 of which are
competitive takeaways. In the last 18 months, we have had 36 competitive wins across North America and
international markets, and our customers continue to win in the marketplace, a key element of our issuer
strategy to align with market leaders. During the first quarter of 2021, we will complete the first phase of
the conversion of over 4 million accounts from a competitor for one of our largest customers.

In Germany, we have successfully expanded our long-standing and successful partnership with Deutsche
Bank, our largest client in the DACH region. We are pleased to announce that TSYS has been selected in
a competitive process as Deutsche Bank's partner of choice for their esteemed branded card portfolios
across all brands, including Deutsche Bank and Postbank.

We are also proud to have signed a new multiyear agreement with Marlette Funding, owner and operator
of the Best Egg lending platform, for the processing of a new consumer credit card product which will
launch in the second quarter of this year. We are pleased to have secured long-term extensions in multiple
geographies with President's Choice, a subsidiary of Loblaws, and Canadian Tire Financial Services, both
large retailers in Canada; Scotiabank in Central America; Bank of Ireland; and Banco INVEX in Mexico.

Finally, our business and consumer segment delivered another quarter of solid growth as we continue to
pivot our strategic focus to digitization, international expansion and business-to-business opportunities.
That shift is underway without any compromise in execution as we also achieved adjusted net revenue
in excess of $200 million for the first time in a fourth quarter. The move toward cash flow solutions is
benefiting the portfolio, with customers remaining active longer and utilizing our products more online.

I am proud that Netspend has once again facilitated the rapid distribution of stimulus funds to customers
and played an important role during this most challenging period. Since late December, we have processed
more than 1 million deposits accounting for just over $1 billion in stimulus payments to American

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

consumers dispersed by the IRS, and this was done days in advance of many of our traditional financial
institutions and financial technology peers. In combination with the 2020 stimulus payments, we will have
dispersed more than $2.5 billion in aid to customers through the first quarter of 2021.

I think it's fair to ask how our business has been able to deliver results that are orders of magnitude
better than our markets. Our strategic focus on the diversity of our business mix has enabled us to gain
share. We are diverse across channels, geographies, software ownership and partnership, vertical markets
and new and durable partnerships. We are diverse by design. We couple that diversity with a long track
record of execution consistency, years of sustained technology investment and the unmatched global
experience of our long tenured team.

Now I'll turn the call over to Cameron to provide more detail on our new partnership with Google.
Cameron?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Thanks, Jeff. We are delighted to announce today our new multiyear strategic partnership with Google
that we expect will meaningfully enhance our ability to deliver new innovative cloud-based products and
capabilities, advance our technology-enabled distribution strategy and deliver significant operational
efficiencies while improving speed to market and the scalability of our Merchant Solutions business.

This exciting partnership has a number of facets that collectively serve to further distinguish our digital
capabilities worldwide. First, together, we will collaborate on product development and innovation to
enhance and differentiate the suite of cloud-based solutions available to our merchant customers.
These distinctive solutions will create stickier and longer-term customer relationships, building on our
competitive advantages.

As just one example of the types of enhanced capabilities we will offer together, Google's business
services, including Google My Business, Workspace and Ads, will be integrated with Global Payments'
leading value-added software and payments ecosystem, creating a single destination and seamless
digital experience for the full spectrum of solutions that merchants need to run and grow their businesses
globally. Merchant customers will be able to digitally access the industry's most robust value stack of
SaaS offerings, including point of sale, omnichannel ordering and integrated payments; advertising, data
and analytics; email marketing, online presence and reputation management; and loyalty and gift card
solutions; as well as capital access in payroll and human capital management solutions. These products
will be delivered through Global Payment's cloud-native operating environment, driving better customer
engagement and ease of use.

Second, our joint go-to-market efforts will drive significant referral and new customer acquisition
opportunities for businesses of all sizes across our combined customer bases worldwide on an omnichannel
basis. Specifically, Google Workspace serves as the cloud-native operating backbone for small and
medium-sized businesses as well as many of the most sophisticated enterprise organizations globally
while Global Payments provides payments technology solutions to roughly 3.5 million merchant locations,
in addition to some of the most complex multinational corporations across 60 countries. By leveraging
our complementary customer bases, we will create attractive cross-selling opportunities for our digital
solutions and meaningfully expand our addressable market. Further, together, we will be able to connect
consumers with merchants via search in new and innovative ways, driving commerce and growth in
a differentiated way for our customers, and of course, our ability to secure net new customers will be
significantly enhanced through the strength of this partnership with Google.

Third, Global Payments is pleased to be selected as the preferred payment provider for Google. Today,
Google executes approximately 3 billion transactions annually, and Global Payments is well positioned
to meet the complex payment needs of one of the world's largest and most sophisticated technology
companies by leveraging our unified commerce platform. We are humbled by the confidence our partners
at Google have placed in us.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

Lastly, in addition to our commercial partnership, Google will become our preferred cloud provider for
our merchant payment technologies. Over the next several years, we will migrate the vast majority of
our merchant technology workloads to Google Cloud, significantly reducing our data center footprint and
streamlining our operating environment to enhance performance and drive meaningful cost efficiencies. By
moving our acquiring applications and workload to the Google Cloud, we will maintain the highest level of
scalability, reliability and security while increasing our speed of innovation and ability to seamlessly deploy
products and services on demand anywhere in the world.

We are thrilled to have established this partnership with Google. Together, we are on a transformational
journey that will further enhance our industry-leading Merchant Solutions ecosystem with additional
scale, reach and speed to market to seamlessly deliver new innovative digital technologies to customers
worldwide.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Cameron. Our performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year 2020 exceeded our post-
COVID-19 expectations and highlight our outstanding execution and the resiliency of our business model.

For the full year, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $6.75 billion, down 5% compared to 2019 on a
combined basis. Importantly, our adjusted operating margin increased 210 basis points on a combined
basis to 39.7% as we benefited from the broad expense actions we implemented to address the impact of
the pandemic and the realization of cost synergies related to the merger, which continue to track ahead of
plan.

It is worth highlighting that our full year adjusted operating margin performance was largely consistent
with the guidance we gave at the start of 2020 and prior to the pandemic. The net result was adjusted
earnings per share of $6.40, an increase of 3% over 2019. We are extremely pleased that we were able
to grow our bottom line in 2020, enabled by continued execution on our differentiated strategy and
our unwavering focus on all things within our control despite the impact of COVID-19 on the worldwide
economy.

Moving to the fourth quarter. Adjusted net revenue was $1.75 billion, a 3% decline relative to 2019,
as underlying trends in our business continued to recover from third quarter levels. Adjusted operating
margin was 41.5%, a 320 basis point improvement from the fourth quarter of 2019. Adjusted earnings
per share was $1.80 for the quarter, an increase of 11% compared to the prior year period, an impressive
outcome that highlights the durability of our model and momentum we have heading into 2021.

Taking a closer look at our performance by segment. Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue
of $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter, a 4% decline from the prior year, which marked a 200 basis point
improvement from the third quarter. Notably, we delivered an adjusted operating margin of 47.5% in this
segment, an increase of 250 basis points from 2019, as our cost initiatives, expense synergies and the
underlying strength of our business mix more than offset top line headwinds from the macro environment.

Our technology-enabled portfolio continues to prove relatively resilient, with several of our businesses
delivering year-over-year growth again this quarter. Specifically, worldwide omnichannel volume growth
excluding T&E accelerated to the high teens as our value proposition, including our unified commerce
platform or UCP, continues to resonate with customers. Additionally, Global Payments Integrated delivered
adjusted net revenue growth for a second consecutive quarter. The leading scale and scope of our
integrated ecosystem across more vertical markets and more geographies than our peers also enabled
another record year for new partner production.

As for our owned software portfolio, AdvancedMD remained a bright spot and once again produced strong
double-digit adjusted net revenue growth for the quarter and achieved a record bookings year in 2020.
Indeed, booking trends across our vertical markets portfolio remains solid, providing us with a positive
tailwind heading into 2021.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

We are also pleased that our U.S. relationship-led business saw adjusted net revenue return to slight
growth for the fourth quarter, enabled by the innovative technology and software solutions we are
delivering in this channel. And despite a more challenging macroeconomic environment in several of our
international markets this period, demand for our differentiated capabilities outside of the U.S. remained
strong as our solutions are well aligned with shifting customer needs coming out of the pandemic.

Moving to Issuer Solutions. We delivered $457 million in adjusted net revenue for the fourth quarter,
which was essentially flat to the prior year period. Transaction volumes recovered further while traditional
accounts on file continued to grow, setting a new record. Additionally, our bundled pricing model, including
value-added products and services, also benefited performance.

Excluding our commercial card business, which represents approximately 20% of our issuer portfolio and
is being impacted by the slow recovery in corporate travel, this segment delivered low single-digit growth
for the quarter. Notably, this business achieved record adjusted operating income, and adjusted segment
operating margin expanded 450 basis points from the prior year, also reaching a new record of 44.7%, as
we continue to benefit from our efforts to drive efficiencies in the business. As Jeff highlighted, our issuer
team successfully signed 5 long-term contract extensions and 1 new contract in the quarter.

Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment delivered adjusted net revenue of $205 million, a
record fourth quarter result, representing growth of 3% from the prior year. Gross dollar volume increased
more than 5% for the quarter, a result including little impact from the late December incremental
stimulus, which we expect to primarily benefit us in Q1. We are particularly pleased with trends with our
DDA products, which includes an acceleration in active account growth of 29% compared to the prior year.
Adjusted operating margin for this segment improved 260 basis points to 24.1% as we benefited from our
efforts to drive greater operational efficiencies as well as favorable revenue mix dynamics toward higher-
margin channels.

The solid performance we delivered across our segments highlights the powerful combination of Global
Payments and TSYS, which has provided us with multiple levers to mitigate the headwinds we have faced
from the pandemic. We made great progress on our integration during the crisis, which I mentioned
continues to track ahead of plan.

As a result, we are pleased to again raise our estimate for annual run rate expense synergies from the
merger to at least $400 million within 3 years, up from the previous estimate of $375 million. This marks
the fourth time we have increased our cost synergy expectations. Additionally, our early success in
leveraging our complementary products and capabilities worldwide also gives us the confidence to increase
our expectation for annual run rate synergies again to $150 million, up from our previous forecast of $125
million.

From a cash flow standpoint, we generated adjusted free cash flow of roughly $780 million for the
quarter and approximately $2 billion for the year. These are both records for us. This is after reinvesting
$107 million of CapEx for the quarter and $436 million for the year. As you may recall, we indicated we
expected to invest between $400 million and $500 million of CapEx back into the business following the
onset of the pandemic.

Consistent with our announcement on our last call, we are also pleased to have now returned to our
traditional capital allocation priorities and during the quarter, repurchased 1.2 million of our shares for
approximately $230 million. Our balance sheet is extremely healthy, and we ended 2020 with roughly $3
billion of liquidity and a leverage position of roughly 2.6x on a net debt basis.

Further, our Board of Directors has again approved an increase to our share repurchase authorization to
$1.5 billion. As part of this program, we intend to execute an accelerated share repurchase program for
$500 million in the coming days.

Turning to our outlook for 2021. Based on our current expectations for continued recovery from the
COVID-19 pandemic worldwide, we expect adjusted net revenue to range from $7.5 billion to $7.6 billion,
reflecting growth of 11% to 13% over 2020. This outlook is consistent with the high end of our long-term

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

target of high single-digit to low double-digit growth, and it also reflects the benefit of the year-on-year
comparisons due to the pandemic.

Considering this top line forecast, we would expect to deliver normalized adjusted operating margin
expansion of up to 450 basis points, given the natural operating leverage in our business and expense
synergy actions related to the TSYS merger. However, this will be partially offset by the reinstatement of
certain expenses that were temporarily reduced at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic for most of 2020.
Therefore, we are currently forecasting adjusted operating margin expansion of up to 250 basis points
compared to 2020 levels on a net basis.

To provide some color at the segment level, we expect adjusted net revenue growth for our Merchant
Solutions segment to be in the mid to high teens, which assumes the current pace of recovery continues
worldwide. We expect underlying trends in our issuing business to be in the mid to high single-digit growth
range and above our mid-single-digit growth target.

These trends should be normalized for 2 distinct and relatively equal sized headwinds. First, we are not
anticipating a recovery in our commercial card business as we expect corporate travel to remain depressed
throughout 2021. Second, we will be absorbing the impact of a portfolio sale by one of our customers,
which will impact us for the remainder of the year. Taking these 2 items into account, we are forecasting
our issuing business to deliver adjusted net revenue growth in the low single-digit range for the full year.

Lastly, we expect underlying trends in our business and consumer segment to be consistent with our
long-term expectations of mid- to high single-digit growth. This outlook reflects the expected benefits of
the recent stimulus announced at the end of December, but it does not assume any additional stimulus.
Adjusting for the impact of the larger 2020 CARES Act stimulus on comparative results for 2021, we are
forecasting adjusted net revenue growth to be in the mid-single digits for this segment.

Regarding segment margins, we expect up to 250 basis points of adjusted operating margin improvement
for the total company, to be driven largely by Merchant Solutions while we expect issuer and business and
consumer to deliver normalized margin expansion consistent with the underlying leverage profile of these
businesses. This follows a 500 and 400 basis point of adjusted operating margin expansion delivered by
issuer and business and consumer, respectively, in 2020.

Lastly, I would highlight that from a quarterly phasing perspective, we will not lap the initial impact of the
pandemic until mid-March. Therefore, we will have pandemic-affected first quarter comparisons resulting
in more muted growth characteristics early in 2021, with the opposite effect occurring in the second
quarter before returning to more normalized rates of growth in the back half of the year. Our outlook is
for adjusted net revenue growth, adjusted operating margin expansion and adjusted earnings per share
growth for each quarter of 2021.

Moving to a couple of nonoperating items. We currently expect net interest expense to be slightly lower in
2021 relative to 2020 while we anticipate our adjusted effective tax rate to be relatively consistent with
last year and expect our capital expenditures for 2021 to be in the $500 million to $600 million range.

Putting it all together, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the full year in a range of $7.75 to
$8.05, reflecting growth of 21% to 26% over 2020. This is consistent with the adjusted earnings per share
target of roughly $8 that we provided on our third quarter call despite the incremental adverse impact of
additional lockdowns and social distancing protocols in a number of our markets since late October.

In summary, our 2021 guidance assumes an improving economy for the first half of the year and a
stronger second half of the year with continued progress toward normalization. We are pleased with how
well we are positioned as we enter 2021.

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

Thanks, Paul. I am very proud of all that we accomplished in 2020. This would have been a remarkable
year of milestones regardless of the macroeconomic environment but is all the more notable in the face of
100-year (sic) [ once-in-100-year] pandemic.

Competitively, 2020 was a year of firing on all cylinders for our company. Across our businesses, we took
meaningful market share and advanced the ball further down the field despite all the challenges front of
us. We don't need to wait to see a more benign macro to grow. We didn't spend the past year waiting for a
better day. Our resilience is self-evident.

The technology investments we made over the last 7-plus years, our distinctive strategy and execution
consistency has served us well, and we significantly expanded our competitive moat as a result during the
crisis. While hurdles undoubtedly remain, we would not trade positions with anyone heading into 2021.
Winnie?

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations
[Operator Instructions] Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the Google relationship. Does it change the pricing to the merchant at all? Do
they see different fees as a result of the partnership? Or do they get a lot of these benefits as part of the
package?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll start with that and then ask Jeff or Paul to jump in if they'd like to.

So basically, what we're really trying to do is create an even more differentiated portal offering to our
customer base by enhancing our existing value-added services with Google products and capabilities that
exist in the market today. And then further, as we co-develop and innovate new products with Google,
we'll obviously look to layer those into the portal environment as well.

The nice thing about the portal environment is it's completely self-select. Our customers can choose
what products and solutions they need to run and grow their business, and they'll be able to effectively
determine the pricing outcome that they desire based on their need for products and services.

So like anything else we do, there'll be different levels of availability to customers from lower end, very
basic to mid-market, to higher-end complete sets that will have different price points associated with
them. But end of day, the idea is our customers have the opportunity to self-select the products, services,
capabilities and solutions they need to run and grow their businesses more effectively. And by working
with Google, we expect to be able to innovate new products and capabilities that will be distinctive in the
marketplace for them.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it. Helpful. And then as a follow-up, I just wanted to ask on the merchant side. I think you talked
about mid- to high-teens growth.

Can you give us any help kind of by segment thinking about relationship software, obviously, that probably
recovers stronger; and integrated. Just by the pieces, maybe what those growth rates might look like to
get to that mid- to high-teens growth.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. Sure, Bryan. It's Cameron. Maybe I'll start with just a little commentary about the expectations for
the business, and I'll let Paul jump in with a few more of the details.

So I would say, if you look at the business overall, given that North America represents about 70% of the
merchant business globally, obviously, it's going to drive the lion's share of the outcome for the entire
segment for the full year. And I would say we are looking for pretty good recoveries, obviously, in the
payments and payroll business as well as the integrated business in the U.S. So I would say both of those
would be towards the higher end of that targeted expectation that we have for the merchant business in
aggregate. And as the vertical markets that we participate in continue to recover as well, we would expect
our vertical market business to be towards the higher end of that range also, just given, obviously, the
impacts on 2020 for that business as well as strong new sales performance that we saw in 2020 giving us
good momentum kind of heading into 2021 as we start to lap the impacts of the pandemic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

I think Europe, our expectations are a little more modest. They're probably in that kind of mid-teens
range, just given some of the incremental impacts of new shutdowns and restrictions in the first part of
the year in Europe, and maybe just a slightly more benign expectation around the recovery environment
in Europe, particularly as it relates to cross-border throughout the course of 2021.

And then I would say Asia has recovered reasonably well heading into the year. And I think we have pretty
good expectations that Asia gets back to a fairly strong growth rate in the year; towards, again, the high
end of that guidance range overall for 2021.

So I think when you put it all together, we feel good about the mix of businesses we have and the overall
expectation for mid- to high-teens growth for the full year. I would tell you, Bryan, that basically assumes
kind of an ongoing gradual recovery from where we are today. We've seen results in January that are
better than December, and we expect the recovery to continue to grind higher through the balance of the
year such that by the time we're exiting '21, we expect domestic volumes to be more normalized. And
obviously, we think cross-border is going to continue to lag slightly kind of heading into 2022, and that's
consistent with the commercial card commentary that Paul provided in his script.

So we're not expecting a heroic recovery as we think about the outlook for 2021. We expect a gradual
recovery kind of throughout the year. We know it won't be linear. There'll be puts and takes as we continue
to progress throughout the year. But by and large, expect a continued gradual recovery. And that's really
what supports the overall merchant expectation for the year.

Paul, I don't know if you'd add anything to that.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. The only thing I would add, I think you covered it, would just be the quarterly phasing of that, Bryan.
I kind of referenced that in the script.

But obviously, in the first quarter, we have really a pre-pandemic-affected comparison that kind of lends to
sort of more muted growth there, and the second quarter is just the opposite. Those 2 kind of blend out to
that mid- to high rate that we're talking about. And then the last half of the year is pretty consistent with
that mid- to high rate. So I think that gives a little more color on the quarterly phasing.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. And the only other thing I would add to that, Bryan, is we don't need a heroic recovery or perfection
to kind of get to the higher end of the range. So obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty heading into the
year, and I think our guidance accommodates that. But we don't need perfection and some sort of heroic
recovery where everything is kind of back to normal by midyear for us to get to the higher end of the
range that we put forward today.

Operator

Your next question comes from Timothy Chiodo of Crédit Suisse.

Timothy Edward Chiodo
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So you mentioned this in the Google press release and then also, Cameron, in the prepared remarks,
around the distribution of not just payments acceptance but also loyalty, gift card, payroll, capital access
was mentioned and other financial services. Maybe you could talk a little bit more broadly about not only
the opportunity within the Google relationship but also how much runway there might be for embedding
these offerings with your 4,000 other software platforms and partners within the global integrated --
Global Payments Integrated business.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

Yes. It's a really good question. So there's really 2 elements of that. There's one, obviously, the co-sell
relationship that we'll have with Google as it relates to our go-to-market strategy going forward. And
obviously, being able to work with Google Cloud, co-sell solutions with them, having them refer business
into us from a payment standpoint creates a strong new technology-enabled distribution stream that
really, I think, augments and complements our existing go-to-market strategies very nicely. So we're
delighted about that and think there's a lot that we can do together with Google to drive new revenue
growth in the business through this cross-sell relationship.

And then reflecting back a little bit on the comments that I made to Bryan's question. If you think about
the business, these solutions will be delivered through our cloud-based digital portal that is in operation
today and running in Google Cloud today. So the idea is as we continue to integrate new products and
solutions and services into our digital portal, they will be available to our entire merchant base regardless
of what distribution channel that merchant customer comes to us. So since it's all consolidated on the
back end, those merchant customers will have the ability to access all of those value-added solutions and
capabilities whether or not they're a traditional relationship-led customer coming through -- us through
that channel or they're an integrated customer coming through us through an ISV relationship. And we
think that's unique and distinctive to Global Payments, our ability to integrate those solutions and make
them available through a digital portal to the entire suite of customers that we serve around the globe.

Operator

Your next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Congrats, Jeff, Cameron, Paul. You guys have been quite big with a lot of investments and announcements
to absorb here. It's good to see.

I guess one question I had, obviously, heading into '21, a lot of moving parts that you addressed on the
prepared remarks. But if you don't mind, could you kind of in one pace, kind of go through the cadence of
how you expect overall segment revenue and profits to perform over the course of the year by segment?
Particularly thinking of comps, synergy, unwind of early pandemic cost, things like that.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Sure, Ashwin. We kind of hit on it a little bit on the merchant side in the earlier question around kind of
that phasing. And that same kind of concept kind of plays through to a large degree with other segments,
particularly as it relates to the pre-pandemic comp in 1Q and then the pandemic comp going the other
way in the second quarter and then kind of more normalized in the back half of the year. So clearly, that's
the case in merchant. And that mid- to high-teens growth rate, as I said, kind of averages out between
the first 2 quarters with those 2 impacts and then is pretty consistent for the back 2 quarters.

On the issuing side, as we said, from a kind of organic standpoint, we start kind of that mid- to high-
growth rate. And then we're going to actually look to be it or the low single digit as a reported matter. The
only thing I would highlight there is we did not assume commercial card recovering throughout the year,
so that's a headwind that plays itself out throughout the whole year.

I would say we also have some -- in addition to just the pre-pandemic comps, we also have some
headwinds as it relates to just credit transaction volumes in the issuing business year-over-year, as -- and
we're seeing consistent with what the Visa numbers that they talked about for January. And as Cameron
mentioned earlier, we did see improvement from January to December, but we still have some headwind
on the transaction volume side and issuing that will play itself through the first quarter.

And then on the business and consumer side, we kind of talked about it. We've got some tailwind as it
relates to stimulus in the first quarter and then kind of more normalized, kind of that mid-single-digit
growth rate that we talked about for the remaining 3 quarters.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

As it relates to expenses and margin, there isn't anything necessary on the expense side. Obviously,
where -- we've done a really good job over the last 2 quarters of managing that expense rate to a pretty
consistent year-over-year growth rate of roughly about 8%. And there's nothing I would necessarily
highlight other than the variable expenses that come with that revenue that I would call out on the
expense side.

So obviously, we're very pleased to be in a position to yet again have a very impressive margin expansion
as a consolidated matter. We did, as we said in our prepared remarks, have a much higher weighting of
that margin expansion on the merchant side than we did this last year, but we still expect to have nice
margin expansion in both issuing and business and consumer. And there wouldn't be necessarily anything
on a quarterly basis I could call out there.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then capital allocation, it's good to see the incremental buyback announcement.

I mean can you speak to the M&A pipeline though from a capital allocation perspective? Has your
traditional view on making accretive acquisitions maybe changed in favor of acquisitions that might help
revenue growth a little bit more but not be accretive to the bottom line?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Ashwin, it's Jeff. I'll start on your question. So the answer is no. Our view has not changed on capital
allocation. Our M&A pipeline is full.

As we usually point out, we did almost $780 million of free cash flow just in the fourth quarter of 2020 and
over $2 billion during the course of '20 in a pandemic-caused depression. So we feel pretty good about our
ability to generate free cash flow. So I would say nothing has changed there.

We are looking for revenue growth opportunities on our side because we've got plenty of earnings. And
obviously, we've shown our ability to grow margin very substantially even at difficult macroeconomic
environments in '20, and that's obviously our outlook for '21, too. So I don't think any of that's changed.
These things aren't mutually exclusive.

We've got plenty of firepower at 2.6x net leverage and $2 billion of free cash flow from last year to
continue to make concurrent investments in ourselves, which we think is a good idea to do right now,
just like we thought it was in October in our third quarter call. We've got the flexibility thankfully and the
wherewithal to do both those things, and that's what we'll continue doing.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Good job. Keep up the good work.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thank you.

Operator

Your next question comes from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

I want to go back just to follow up on the capital allocation perimeter. We ended the year last year with
some headlines over consolidation with FIS, in the news, and you guys. And it was obviously, at the time,
rumors.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

But Jeff, if you could just revisit for us your vision of the industry for a minute in terms of the merits of
consolidation scale versus your view of what you're clearly doing now, which is investing in yourselves
around omnichannel and cloud and other initiatives. I'd love to just hear your view on long term, next few
years, where you see the industry heading.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Darrin. It's Jeff. So look, we're in a scale business. I think that's always been true. That continues
to be true today, and that's going to be true tomorrow.

So having more scale in a scale business is always a good idea. I think we've shown this with Heartland. I
think we've shown it with TSYS partnership. So I don't think having scale in a technology business is really
ever going to go out of favor. I think the proof's in the pudding, and you saw that in 2020, right? Double-
digit earnings growth in the fourth quarter coming out of the depression while the networks are shrinking.
I don't think you have to look further than that to realize that, that was a good idea.

So I think at the end of day, those type of scale economies will drive further consolidation. But it's not
just consolidation for consolidation's sake. I think the reasons in part that we look for further scale
opportunities is to make more investments back in our businesses. If you look at the areas that are
growing most quickly for us during the pandemic, look at our omnichannel business, which accelerated,
again, to the high teens in the fourth quarter of '20, which, by the way, Google is going onto, under our
UCP product. Look at our integrated business, which showed absolute growth in the fourth quarter and
for the year. Those are businesses -- and of course, our software businesses, which did as well in certain
of their vertical markets like AdvancedMD. Those are all businesses where we've made very substantial
investments in over the last number of years. We couldn't make those investments worldwide as we're
doing if we didn't have the scale in the first place.

So listen, my own view on the -- in the business is we need to continue to invest in those areas that
we think are ripe for future growth. We never could have pivoted this quickly to omnichannel, to safer
commerce if we hadn't had those on the product development board in the first place and if we didn't
have the access to capital that we do from our own free cash flow, right, to continue to make those
investments. So in those contexts, obviously, additional scale makes sense. But very similar to the
response, Darrin, because he has a very similar question, to Ashwin, at the end of the day, none of that
changes the strategy really that we've been running the company with over the last 7-plus years, which
is to say focus on the 3 prongs at the end of the day: software partnership and ownership, omnichannel
acceptance and delivery and on the most attractive markets.

So the nice thing about 2020 with all the challenges it threw at every one of us was that it really validated
all things that we've been talking about. If we can find future transactions or partnerships that align with
the 3 things that we've been talking about since 2013, then, of course, scale in a scale business is going
to be a good idea. So I think we view '20 and the recent events as really just the validation of all the stuff
that we've been talking about. If we can find further ways to accelerate those investments, then we will.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's helpful. Just one quick follow-up, Jeff. You guys outperformed in your merchant business in the
quarter. And I mean it's pretty clear that it's a tough quarter from a merchant standpoint for revenue to
really read a lot into what's happening, given mix. But if you can give us any more color on the actual
bookings kind of trends in the sense of number of merchants you're adding.

It seems like with all the initiatives you're holding up -- and you're actually gaining share, but it's easier
to see that if we had numbers around the number of merchants or bookings. So any more color on what
happened there so we know what it could look like when it reopens?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

Yes. Darrin, it's Cameron. Maybe I'll jump in on that one, and I'll ask Jeff or Paul to chime in as well if
they'd like to add anything. So maybe if I just step back and look at it from a macro standpoint in terms of
overall net new sales performance for the year, I think it's pretty easy to say that we're delighted with the
outcome, particularly given the backdrop that we were executing against for the full year.

So just a few highlights that I would share. One, Heartland for the year had new sales growth year-
over-year relative to 2019 despite the pandemic, which I think speaks volumes to our relationship-
led managers' ability to go out and generate new business even in a really difficult environment. And
obviously, they've been very creative and nimble in terms of how they've been able to do that. So
Heartland grew net sales in 2020 notwithstanding the pandemic environment.

Integrated exceeded our budgeted new sales forecast for the year by a pretty meaningful amount, an
excellent new sales year for our integrated business. New partner production was also about 140% of
our budget. So not only did we see good, strong new sales of merchants, we saw good new business
development and partner production in that channel as well.

And then in some of the vertical market businesses, AdvancedMD grew bookings 15% year-over-year. Our
Xenial SaaS solution was up 20% year-over-year. TouchNet had new sales performance that was pretty
consistent with '19, again, notwithstanding the fact that many university and campuses were closed for
much of the year with the beginning of the pandemic. So that just gives you a few ideas.

Canada was up 20% in new sales year-over-year. So from a new sales execution standpoint, I think our
performance was exemplary in 2020. And I'm really delighted with the teams and what they were able to
accomplish given the backdrop.

I think the most important thing is we grew net MID count globally in 2020. So notwithstanding all the
concerns around the SMB markets and all the concerns about small business failure, we grew MID count
year-over-year, which is a good accomplishment in any market, in any environment, but a particularly
good outcome in 2020 given the backdrop.

So we feel very good about the health of the underlying portfolios that we are managing. We feel very
good about the diversification of the businesses that we have, the vertical markets exposures we have.
To Jeff's point in his script, we are diverse by design. Obviously, we've put a lot of effort into making
sure that we have a merchant business in particular that has a good mix of credit exposure, that is not
taking undue credit risk, is well diversified across geographies, verticals, types of underlying merchant
customers.

And I think that has helped us to have a more -- relatively more resilient sort of performance over the
course of 2020. And I think we exited the year at a pretty good place and have a lot of confidence heading
into 2021 that the expectations we've set forth today are achievable, and we feel good about delivering
against those. As I said earlier, January was better than December for us in our merchant business and
very much consistent with our expectations. It gives us confidence, at least 1 month into the year, that
we're in a good trajectory to get to the outcomes we've provided today.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's great, Cameron. Great data points.

Operator

Your next question comes from Lisa Ellis of MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Can you just take a step back? I wanted a follow-up question on the Google partnership. And just in light
of the Amazon partnership also from earlier this year, can you just maybe give it a high level -- compare
and contrast the 2 a little bit? I know, obviously, Google is focused on merchant, Amazon is focused on

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

issuer. And just more strategically, I guess, what do you -- how do you see those impacting your business
in 2021, 2022 and beyond?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes, Lisa. It's Jeff. I'll start, and I'm sure Cameron will add. It's an excellent question.

So both businesses, both TSYS and Global Payments have had historical relationships with each of Amazon
and Google for many years. So I think we've had a first-row seat as to what those companies look like. We
have a lot of respect for each.

So why don't I start with AWS? So our issuer folks have worked with them for a number of years as part
of their modernization initiatives. We've been very, very happy with them.

I think you have to realize that it's a slightly different proposition that we're undertaking in the issuer
versus merchant. So on the issuer side, it's technology modernization and transformation really at the
same time, which is to say that code is going from more of a legacy code into cloud-enabled where it
probably is today and then into cloud-native ultimately while it's being lifted and shifted over to a cloud-
hosted environment.

So in the case of Google hub -- or on the merchant side, we're really already there. Our businesses are
really either cloud-enabled or cloud-native already in their own rights. So the Google proposition is a
little bit different on the technology side. It's more of a shift rather than a lift and shift in the case of the
merchant business.

I would say in the case of each, the go-to-market proposition though is very similar. We think AWS has a
very distinctive and strong proposition among financial institution issuers. You can look up a lot of folks
that they announced recently going to AWS cloud. But we've had -- as we said in our prepared remarks,
we had very good experience already, with 1 announced win, and I think 3 to 4 we said are already mid-
to high probabilities in the pipeline and probably another 4 or 5 that are lower probabilities but also in the
pipeline on the co-sell with AWS in the issuer environment. So we view AWS, and I think it's been proven
so far in our experience today, as having fantastic technologies, which we knew for a long time, but also
having terrific distribution into the FI segment.

Google, of course, has very many of the same things, but we view the Google co-sell more on the
merchant side here, which is what Cameron was talking about, too. And really, there's 2 pieces there that
are also unique. So in the case of AWS, that's a unique co-sell in FI land. In the case of Google, it's unique
co-sell into merchant land.

And on the merchant side, it's really 2 pieces, as Cameron's articulated, with Google. The first one really
is embedding their products and services uniquely into our already live merchant portal, which, by the
way, is already resonant for Global Payments and has been for years in the Google Cloud already, right?
So we already have that. We're just blending their products into our merchant cloud environment more
seamlessly.

And then the second piece, similar to AWS, is co-sale, meaning there's actual quota at the Google level for
Google sales reps to sell our products and services into the Google base. And we also have that ability of
selling Google's products and services into our portal-like environment, which Cameron described some
time ago. Very similar to what we're doing with AWS, right? There's quota on their sales reps selling on
the FI base. So while I would say that they're very similar in the sense of contract, they're a bit different
when you think about their target, issuer versus merchant; and when you think about the nature of the lift
and shift that's really going on in the case of the AWS side and the Google side is more of a shift.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

And Lisa, it's Cameron. I'd just add a couple of things on that, particularly as it relates to the Google
partnership, just building on Jeff's commentary.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

So first of all, as Jeff noted, we have a very long history with Google. We know them in the merchant
business extraordinarily well. They've been a terrific partner to us, and we expect them to be, obviously, a
fantastic partner going forward.

I think what struck me most as we thought about the opportunity is just the shared vision that we
both have as it relates to helping merchant customers do a couple of things. One is drive top-of-funnel
opportunities for their business with new products and capability and innovation, particularly digitally, that
will help do that for merchant customers, particularly in an environment where they need that now more
than ever. And then secondly, delivering products and capabilities that help businesses run more efficiently
and more effectively. And I think what Google Payments -- excuse me, Global Payments and what Google
has tried to accomplish are really geared towards those elements of supporting merchant customers.

And then lastly, we have very shared visions around innovation and those things that we can do, again,
that are going to help drive more customers through our customers' businesses while, at the same time,
again, helping them to run their businesses more effectively. And although we're starting with Google My
Business, Workspace and Ads, integrating that into our portal environment, we hope to add omnichannel
ordering and search, service appointment availability, inventory, those types of solutions as well, again,
trying to create a more distinctive, holistic offering of value-added services through our digital portal that
we think will be, again, differentiated in the market for Global Payments, but more importantly, will really
help our customers, again, to run and grow their businesses effectively.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

On behalf of Global Payments, thanks for your interest in us and joining us this morning.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 08, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

