Halliburton Company NYSE:HAL
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, April 20, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.24

0.31

Revenue  (mm)

5035.22

5037.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-20-2020 1:30 PM GMT

29.17

0.04

(0.04)

(0.01)

(0.18)

4055.00

16042.69

14209.01

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.30

0.34

0.29

0.24

0.35

0.34

0.32

0.31

16.67 %

0.00 %

10.34 %

29.17 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Abu Zeya
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

William Andrew Herbert
Simmons & Company
International, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Halliburton's First Quarter 2020
Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.

I would now like to hand the conference over to Abu Zeya, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead,
sir.

Abu Zeya
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Gigi. Good morning, and welcome to the Halliburton First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. As a
reminder, today's call is being webcast, and a replay will be available on Halliburton's website for 7 days.
Joining me today are Jeff Miller, Chairman, President and CEO; and Lance Loeffler, CFO.

Some of our comments today may include forward-looking statements reflecting Halliburton's views
about future events. These matters involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to
materially differ from our forward-looking statements. These risks are discussed in Halliburton's Form 10-
K for the year ended December 31, 2019, recent current reports on Form 8-K and other Securities and
Exchange Commission filings. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking
statements for any reason.

Our comments today also include non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of impairments
and other charges as well as expenses related to the early extinguishment of debt. Additional details and
reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our first quarter
press release and can also be found in the quarterly results and presentation section of our website.

[Operator Instructions]

Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, thank you, Abu, and good morning, everyone. We are speaking with you today as billions of people
are under some form of quarantine in their homes. Businesses and schools are disrupted, and worldwide
travel has generally come to a halt. The human and economic impact from the COVID-19 pandemic is
being felt globally. At the same time, our industry is facing the dual shock of a massive drop in global oil
demand, coupled with the resulting oversupply.

As the world is battling the pandemic, I thank our employees for their continued focus during these
difficult times. We are a critical part of the global energy infrastructure and an essential service to satisfy
both immediate and long-term energy needs. On our customers' work sites and within our facilities,
Halliburton people are getting the job done while taking the appropriate steps to protect themselves and
others. Our tiered crisis response model has been road tested in the past through hurricanes and other
catastrophic events, and it is working well in the current circumstances.

Globally, our corporate crisis team monitors the evolving situation across all of our core functions, from
health and safety to IT infrastructure to supply chain and provides guidance to support our local response
plans. Locally, every country has reviewed their emergency response plans, assessed them for business
continuity and activated them in alignment with local authorities.

To ensure the safety for all who must go to a work location, we've provided specific direction about how
to work in a COVID-19 world and elevated cleaning protocols for our facilities and equipment. We've
adjusted shifts and rotations to maximize social distancing as well as implemented varying levels of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

medical screenings as appropriate. We are maximizing remote work where possible and are encouraging
our employees and customers to collaborate virtually using information-sharing tools.

Now let me cover some headlines for what was a solid first quarter of 2020. We finished the quarter with
total company revenue of $5.0 billion, a 12% decrease year-over-year, and adjusted operating income of
$502 million, an increase of 18% from the first quarter of 2019. Our Completion and Production division
revenue declined 19% compared to the first quarter of 2019, and operating margin expanded 170 basis
points. Our Drilling and Evaluation division delivered a strong quarter. Revenue was flat year-over-year
and operating margin grew 450 basis points.

While our North America revenue declined 25% due to lower activity and pricing in U.S. land,
internationally, we delivered 5% growth this quarter. This marked the 11th consecutive quarter of year-
over-year revenue increases for our international business. Finally, free cash flow was effectively neutral
for the quarter, which is a significant improvement compared to the first quarter of 2019 and reflects our
focus on driving more working capital efficiencies.

The first quarter seems like a long time ago, but it is an important demonstration of some key facts.
Here's what it tells me. We make commitments and execute on them quickly. We completed the previously
announced $300 million in cost savings. We demonstrated the ability to improve our margins and lower
our cost of service delivery, and the Halliburton team is well prepared to adjust and deliver under any
market conditions.

Although we came into 2020 with improving expectations for our financial performance in the North
America and international markets, the dislocations resulting from the pandemic and the precipitous
decline in oil prices have significantly altered those expectations. Let me describe to you what I see ahead
of us, recognizing that the market is still in motion. Activity is in free fall in North America and is slowing
down internationally. We cannot predict the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic impact on demand or the
pace of any subsequent recovery. At a minimum, we expect the decline in activity to continue through
year-end. Though we have not experienced anything like the impact of COVID-19 pandemic before, under
adverse market conditions, we know what buttons to push and what levers to pull, and we are doing so
with swiftness and resolve.

Today's market calls for deeper immediate actions. We're significantly reducing costs, cutting CapEx
and managing working capital. I will give more detail on each of these actions in a few minutes. We are
unwavering on our commitment to safety and service quality for our customers and our focus on cash flow
generation and industry-leading returns for our shareholders. And we believe our near-term actions will
not only temper the impact of activity declines on our financial performance, but also ensure that we are
in a strong position financially and structurally to take advantage of the market's eventual recovery.

Before we get into the operational discussion, let me address a few topics I deem critically important in
the near term. First, I believe Halliburton has sufficient liquidity, approximately $5 billion, including cash
on hand and our undrawn credit facility. Second, in the first quarter, we successfully executed both a
tender offer for some of our bonds and a debt offering. As a result, we retired $500 million in total debt
and extended the maturity for our $1 billion of senior notes out to 2030.

We have focused on debt reduction over the last few years, and we entered this downturn with $2.6
billion less debt than in 2016. We also have a very manageable debt maturity profile with only $1.3 billion
coming due through 2024. Deleveraging remains a key priority. We believe our free cash flow generation
will be sufficient to pay down upcoming debt maturities in the normal course of business.

Finally, our dividend is a lever we can pull based on our market outlook and valuations. Our Board and
management review the dividend quarterly and will act prudently to make adjustments for the long-
term success of our business. Let me be clear, we have no intentions to increase leverage to maintain the
dividend. We also do not intend to allow the dividend to prevent us from being structurally and financially
positioned to take advantage of the eventual market recovery.

Now let me describe in more detail what I see unfolding in the markets globally, how we are prepared
today compared to the most recent downturn and the actions we are taking to adjust our business to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

today's market. The market in North America is experiencing the most dramatic and rapid activity decline
in recent history. Our customers continue to revise their capital budgets downwards as they swiftly adjust
spending levels in response to the lower commodity price.

Right now, North American E&P CapEx is trending towards a 50% reduction year-on-year in 2020. Since
mid-March, U.S. land rig count has fallen 34% and is expected to continue declining from here. With prices
at the wellhead near cash breakeven levels, we expect activity in North America land to further deteriorate
during the second quarter and remain depressed through year-end, impacting all basins.

Our outlook for the international markets has also changed. In addition to the collapse of oil prices, the
industry is dealing with activity interruptions due to the coronavirus pandemic. COVID-19 had minimal
impact on our international operations in the first quarter, but the second quarter will be different. We are
seeing restricted movements within countries, quarantine requirements for rotational staff, logistics delay
due to third-party personnel reductions and in some cases, entire country closures. Different markets are
impacted differently, and this will lead to significant operational disruptions at least through the second
quarter.

Beyond these near-term headwinds, certain international customers are also fundamentally reducing
capital spending, deferring exploration and appraisal activity and looking to cut costs on their major
ongoing projects. We expect international spending to be down in the range of 10% on a full year basis.
OPEC+ production decisions and the duration of the pandemic-related demand and activity disruptions will
ultimately determine how much the international spending declines this year.

International projects and contract structures tend to be longer-term oriented. However, in the face
of these unprecedented circumstances, our customers, IOCs, NOCs and independents alike, are all
reassessing their priorities with some reacting more swiftly than others. We believe the activity changes
internationally will not be uniform across all markets. We anticipate that the least affected markets will
be the OPEC countries in the Middle East while offshore Africa and Latin America may see double-digit
declines this year.

As operators in North America and international markets look for ways to cut spending, pricing is a lever
they're seeking to pull. We continue to make pricing decisions based on our overall returns expectations
for the business. Given the oversupply of fracturing equipment in North America, pricing levels in this
market were already at historical lows coming into 2020.

Internationally, the pricing increases we were starting to see will take a pause. We will work to improve
efficiencies as a means to optimize costs for both our customers and Halliburton. It is important to
remember we were coming into this downturn from a very different place than in 2014, and we believe
these differences prepare us better for what lies ahead.

Spending in the North America market was down in 2019. In response, we introduced a new playbook that
prioritize returns over market share. We restructured our North America organization, rationalized our real
estate footprint, completed a cost-out program and started addressing our fixed costs through the service
delivery improvement strategy. We clearly had momentum from these efforts coming into 2020.

Our more efficient Q10 pumps now represent 100% of our fracturing fleet. We also have the largest
number of dual-fuel and Tier 4 diesel fuel engines in the market. This fleet composition delivers
differentiated service quality and efficiency and will ultimately drive the flight to quality when the market
stabilizes in North America.

We closed key technology gaps in drilling and open-hole wireline, added new artificial lift and specialty
chemicals capabilities to our portfolio and continue to lower our costs across various product offerings.
This has taken significant technology spend, which is now largely behind us. Our CapEx in 2019 was down
year-over-year, and we further reduced CapEx coming into 2020 to drive capital discipline across all of our
business segments. As a result, we do not have the significant oversupply of tools and equipment in the
international markets.

We have built an operating machine to be effective and successful across cycles. Unfortunately, as we
enter this downturn, we will need to make some painful decisions, and I am aware that this will cause

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

great difficulty for our impacted employees. We are implementing the following set of measures that will
further reduce our costs and improve our cash generation ability as our customers continue to reduce their
spending levels.

We are reducing our capital expenditures for 2020 to about $800 million, roughly 50% from 2019 levels.
We believe this level of spend will allow us to invest in our key strategic areas while continuing to support
our business in the active markets. We will take out about $1 billion of annualized overhead and other
costs across our entire business, with most of it happening in the next 2 quarters.

To accomplish this, we are streamlining our global and regional head count, consolidating multiple facilities
and removing another layer of operations management in North America. We are accelerating our service
delivery improvement strategy in North America, redesigning the way we deliver our fracturing services to
lower our unit cost and improve margins and returns in the long run.

We are cutting our technology budget by 25%. We have stopped discretionary spend across the business,
and we have eliminated salary increases for all personnel this year, and I and other members of the
executive committee have taken pay cuts. Additionally, we will make variable head count adjustments and
rationalize our assets to be in line with the activity reductions we anticipate. As we look to reduce our own
input costs, we are also renegotiating prices and terms with our suppliers.

Finally, we will continue our efforts on working capital improvements across all 3 of its components. We
believe these actions are necessary given the current environment and will help protect our balance sheet
and drive cash flow and returns for our shareholders. As we steer the company through this downturn,
we remain focused on the underlying drivers of success and our long-term strategic objectives. We will
continue to execute our value proposition, deliver value and efficiency across our product offerings and
remain focused on safety and service quality. We remain committed to being leaders in North America by
delivering on our low-cost service improvement strategy.

We continue to closely collaborate with our customers and partners on leveraging digital solutions to
reduce nonproductive time and improve labor and asset efficiency. As I have stated on prior calls, we
are in the early innings of our artificial lift and specialty chemicals growth internationally, and we plan
to continue down this path. We believe these businesses give us exposure to a later cycle market with
long-term growth potential. We will continue to spend on technology that reduces our operating costs. We
believe this is necessary for the future success of our business.

We have been through downturns before. As the market unfolds from here, we believe we have the
people, the technology and the depth of experience to outperform our competitors. If required, we will
take further actions to adjust to the evolving market. If I've learned something from all of the downturns I
have been through in my career, it is that the industry always bounces back.

This downturn, although the most severe we have seen in a generation, will be no different.

I believe it will reshape our industry and position it better for the next cycle. At some point, returning
global economic and oil demand growth, market balancing supply actions by key producing countries and
declining non-OPEC production will likely lead to a new reinvestment cycle, and I believe Halliburton will
emerge stronger on the other side, like we always have.

Now I will turn the call over to Lance to provide more details on our first quarter financial results. Lance?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Jeff, and good morning. Let's begin with an overview of our first quarter results compared to
the first quarter of 2019. Today, our total company revenue for the quarter was $5 billion, a decrease of
12% year-over-year, while adjusted operating income was $502 million, an 18% increase.

As Jeff mentioned, during the quarter, we accomplished the remaining $100 million of the announced
$300 million in annualized cost reductions. In the first quarter, we recognized approximately $1.1 billion
of pretax impairments and other charges to further adjust our cost structure to current market conditions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

These charges consisted primarily of noncash asset impairments, mostly associated with pressure
pumping equipment as well as severance and other costs. In addition, based on the current market
environment and its expected impact on our business outlook, we recognized a $310 million noncash tax
adjustment to our deferred tax assets.

Now let me take a moment to discuss our divisional results in more detail. In our Completion and
Production division, revenue was $3 billion, a decrease of $700 million or 19% when compared to the
first quarter of 2019. Operating income was $345 million, a decrease of $23 million or 6%. These results
were primarily due to lower pressure pumping activity and pricing and reduced completion tool sales in
North America, partially offset by increased cementing activity and completion tool sales in the Eastern
Hemisphere.

In our Drilling and Evaluation division, revenue was $2.1 billion, which was flat from the first quarter
of 2019, while operating income was $217 million, an increase of $94 million or 76%. Higher activity
for drilling-related services in the North Sea and Asia more than offset reduced activity and pricing for
multiple product service lines in North America land and lower fluids activity in Latin America.

Moving on to our geographical results. In North America, revenue was $2.5 billion, a 25% decrease when
compared to the first quarter of 2019. This decline was mainly due to reduced activity and pricing in North
America land, primarily associated with pressure pumping, well construction and completion tool sales.
This decline was partially offset by increased artificial lift activity and specialty chemical sales in North
America land and stimulation activity in the Gulf of Mexico.

In Latin America, revenue was $516 million, a 12% decrease year-over-year, resulting primarily from
reduced fluids activity and stimulation services across the region, particularly in Argentina. This was
coupled with decreased activity in multiple product service lines in Brazil, Ecuador and Colombia. These
declines were partially offset by increased activity across multiple product service lines in Mexico and
Guyana.

Turning to Europe/Africa/CIS. Revenue was $831 million, an 11% increase year-over-year, resulting
primarily from increased drilling-related activity in the North Sea, improved well construction activity in
Russia and increased completions activity in Algeria, partially offset by reduced activity in multiple product
service lines in Ghana.

In Middle East/Asia, revenue was $1.2 billion, a 9% increase year-over-year, largely resulting from
increased activity in the majority of product service lines in the United Arab Emirates, Indonesia and
Malaysia, which was partially offset by lower project management activity in India.

In the first quarter, our corporate and other expense totaled $60 million and net interest expense was
$134 million. Our normalized effective tax rate for the quarter was 21%.

We generated $225 million of cash from operations during the quarter. As anticipated, working capital
was seasonally a use of cash but significantly lower than the draw we experienced in the first quarter of
2019. As activity declines globally, working capital has historically been a strong source of cash, and I
expect a similar pattern this year. We have a heightened focus on improving working capital metrics and
are working hard to prudently manage customer credit risk in light of the current market conditions.

Capital expenditures during the quarter were $213 million. As Jeff mentioned, we have reduced our
full year CapEx budget to approximately $800 million. These cuts are geared towards both our North
America business and uncommitted projects internationally. We believe our capital allocation decisions are
consistent with our focus on generating cash flow regardless of the market environment. Our free cash
flow generation for the quarter was $12 million, a significant improvement compared to the first quarter of
2019.

During the quarter, we took actions to manage our debt and maturity profile. We executed 2 transactions:
a debt issuance and a subsequent tender, which lowered our total debt by $500 million. But more
importantly, it also reduced our 2023 and 2025 maturities by $1.5 billion. As a result of these transactions,
we incurred a net cost of $168 million related to early debt extinguishment. Our total outstanding debt

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

was $9.8 billion as of March 31. We have no current borrowings under our revolver and no financial
covenants in our borrowing facilities or our debt agreements.

Now looking forward, our second quarter results will be impacted by the severity of the continuing activity
declines in North America, customer project suspensions and delays internationally and the uncertain
duration of the pandemic-related disruptions as well as actions related to the OPEC+ production cuts.
These uncertainties and the exact timing of our cost reductions impacting our division results preclude us
from providing specific guidance for the second quarter.

We will continue to execute the measures that Jeff outlined. In addition to the activity-related variable cost
adjustments, we plan to reduce annualized overhead and other costs by about $1 billion. To achieve that,
we will have an associated cash cost of approximately $200 million. These reductions will target all of our
business lines and support functions globally, and we expect to complete most of these actions within the
next 2 quarters.

I will now turn the call back over to Jeff for closing comments. Jeff?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thanks, Lance. Before we close, there are 2 important themes that I see accelerating in the depths of this
downturn. Both will be helpful today, but more importantly, they will create strong competitive advantages
for us in the future.

First, we are fast-tracking the implementation of our service delivery improvement strategy in North
America as we restructure our overall North America business. We launched the strategy to lower the
cost -- the overall cost of service delivery in the U.S. last year, and we will accelerate these efforts in the
current market.

Next, this downturn accelerates the adoption of digital technologies by our customers and by Halliburton
internally. We are far along the road to delivering the next frontier of digital solutions that will help
drive efficiencies in our workforce and reduce capital investments through automation and self-learning
processes. In this environment, digitalization will unlock the potential to structurally lower costs and
enhance performance across the entire value chain. I have never been more convinced that digital is the
future, and Halliburton is leading the way.

With that, let me summarize our discussion today. To the Halliburton team, the path ahead will be
challenging but I have the utmost confidence in our ability to maintain focus and execute on our value
proposition in this extremely difficult environment. Our balance sheet and liquidity position are solid, and
we plan to continue taking actions to strengthen them. We know what buttons to push and what levers to
pull, and we will do so quickly around cost, CapEx and working capital, and we will continue to proactively
adjust our business to current market conditions.

We know that the industry will recover. It may look different when it does, but we believe the actions we
are taking will ensure that we are in a strong position financially and structurally to take advantage of the
market's eventual recovery.
And now let's open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sean Meakim from JPMorgan.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So Jeff, I was hoping we could start with capital allocation and the dividend. Given the forward outlook,
the uncertainties, $600 million a year staying on the balance sheet seems pretty useful. I appreciate you
have no intention to take on leverage to fund the dividend. You'll probably have pretty decent free cash
this year to cover the dividend, I think, especially with working capital benefit. But on a run rate basis,
maybe that looks a lot harder exiting 2020. Just I'd appreciate any additional comments you have about
the Board's decision-making on the dividend and with respect to timing, how to think about that.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, look -- thank you, Sean. I've described how we think about the dividend in the prepared remarks.
And so look, we will review the dividend with our Board. We do that quarterly. We have a Board meeting
coming up in May, and we'll update you on any decisions when we get to that point.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Fair enough. And then on the $1 billion cost-out plan, maybe could you just compare and contrast
this initiative relative to the prior $300 million program? I'm just thinking about variable versus fixed costs
that you referenced, and I think, largely, this is an overhead cost reduction so perhaps that's more fixed.
Maybe the split between North America and international, it'd be great to get any more detail you can
offer us on that program, please.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Look, quite -- it's fixed costs that are coming out. I guess to compare and contrast, we took out
$300 million in the fourth quarter of last year. That was largely -- that was fixed cost as we approach
the business. I described this cost reduction similarly because it is not the variable items, I guess. It's
overhead. It's things that are fixed. These things that take big steps down when you take them out, you
don't necessarily add them back in contrast to crews and the equipment on location and the supplies and
all of the things that go with that. So a lot of that -- a lot of our strategy around North America really had
been to accelerate our ability to make those decisions and take costs out quickly. These types of fixed
costs, again, it's a layer of management. It's a lot of the discretionary things that we take out that we
don't -- that aren't required to add back at any point.

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

And I would add, Sean, that these costs -- as you asked about the split between sort of North America and
international, I think these are predominantly aimed at North America but they also include international
cost cutting as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of James West from Evercore ISI.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

Jeff, I wanted to touch on more of a bigger-picture question, and it relates to something you said right
at the end of your prepared comments. And I certainly agree with you that the industry is going to look
a whole lot different as we get through this downturn in the next couple of quarters, while they'll be
interesting to watch, are going to cause a major shakeout, which you'll be a net winner of. I think 2
things, and maybe we touched on them a little bit in the prepared comments, but I'd like to explore a
little more is the acceleration of your delivery strategy in North America and the digital transformation of
the industry because those things, I think, are the most important for Halliburton and for the industry,
quite frankly, going forward on what the industry looks like, whether it's a couple of quarters or more from
today's levels and then.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thanks, James. A fantastic question. And the current environment really accelerates or allows us to
really test the art of the possible with respect to how we work, and digital is front and center. And I can
see, when we embrace that wholeheartedly as opposed to incrementally, we're able to do things quite
differently in terms of less people, less footprint, actually working more effectively in my view. But it really
does require divorcing the mind of what a lot of us grew up doing to make that step to, wow, this is all
possible without you filling the blank, all of the things we thought were required to actually execute this
work.

And so look, this whole period is awful on a lot of different fronts. But I am an optimist, and I think we
take advantage of a time like this to say, "Okay. Forget everything you thought you knew." First and
foremost, service quality and safety. Everything else, let's go relook at given the robust set of tools that
we have. And a lot of these are tools that we've invented at Halliburton or they're built off of our own
native cloud platforms. And so from that respect, that makes it very, very sticky as we come out of this.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And Jeff, are you seeing an embrace from the customers -- I mean I know that it's early days in the
downturn, but are inbounds from customers around the digital offerings you have, had they already
started to show an increase as they look to lower their costs or embrace this new paradigm? Or is it
happening yet?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Actually, it is. We've seen a meaningful uptick just in the last 30 days in demand for native cloud services
and apps and things that would allow not just working remotely. But taking the same kind of cost removal
that I'm describing, our customers do that when they adopt cloud technology, a lot of what Landmark
and our digital organization has been building and has on the shelf. And so it's really -- it's accelerated
the demand for that. And obviously, necessity is the mother of demand creation in that regard, but quite
encouraging to me. And actually, as I said in my remarks, I'm actually more convinced today than ever
that digitalization and Landmark and then the broader digital platform we have will just serve us better in
the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bill Herbert from Simmons.

William Andrew Herbert
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Lance, with regard to working capital, if I look at the last couple of downturns or actually the last
downturn, 2015, a huge source of cash with regard to working capital harvest, about $1 billion, it was
front-end loaded. 2016 was another $1.2 billion back-end loaded. Question is, is it of that order of
magnitude expected to be this time around in 2020? And when does -- and walk us through in terms of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

the sort of evolution of the working capital harvest this year. Is it second half weighted? Or does it start to
inflect in the second quarter?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Bill, thanks for the question. You're right, historically, we have generated cash from working capital
during the last 3 downturns. I would say on the absolute amounts, probably a little bit different profile
than particularly the 2015 comparison that you were referencing just given the fact that, on an absolute
basis, our receivables and inventory are at levels that they were coming off of 2014 record level of
revenue.

So that's a little bit different, but I still expect the relative behavior to be the same. We should continue
to see, as the business shrinks over the next 3 quarters, that we continue to generate cash from working
capital in the unwind.

William Andrew Herbert
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Okay. And then, Jeff, with regard to pulling forward the art of the possible in terms of digital automation,
remote operations, what percentage reduction do you think that would result in with regard to your
average crew size?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

We don't think -- well, I think it could be in the range of half. I mean it's meaningful, but it's not the
crews -- it's partly crew size. But it's really all of the things that are in between the crew and sort of the
overhead of the company. There are a lot of steps that involve designing work and how work gets actually
prepared for delivery, the delivery of products and materials. The ability to embrace the automation of
all of that is pretty meaningful. I think crew size can't come down as well because there are a few things
around the crew that are required to deliver all of that input. But I think the more impactful part will be all
of the sort of transaction friction between sort of the top of the organization and there.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Angie Sedita from Goldman Sachs.

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

So Lance, maybe I'll start with you. It's impressive to see the debt reduction, and I know it's a focus of
both you and Jeff. So maybe you could talk a little bit further about the steps that you're taking around
shoring up your balance sheet. Obviously, you reduced the $500 million, you pushed out maturities. I
think you have another $685 million due in '21. So maybe you could talk about pending maturities and
just thoughts around free cash flow.

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Angie, as we said sort of on the prepared remarks, our expectation is that we retire the $685 million
that comes due next year through the free cash flow generation that we would expect to achieve this year.
That's roughly $200 million coming due in February of next year and the remainder in November. And so
we think that we've got ample capacity to pay that down. I mean the focus philosophically for Jeff and I is
to continue to reduce debt at this company, and that's what we're going to continue to chase.

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then maybe, Jeff, I mean, you made a remark in your prepared comments around flight to
quality. And clearly, we've seen this bifurcation in the market. So maybe you could talk a little bit about

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

the flight to quality in North America and what you're seeing so far? Are you seeing that actually playing
out in Q2? Or is that a bigger factor when we see a recovery? And just incremental color around C&P and
D&E when we go into Q2 and Q3 and the pace of the downturn as we go through the rest of the year.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Angie, look, I fully expect we see a flight to quality, but at the very -- at this very moment, there's
just not a lot of thought going into anything other than reducing capital spend right now. And so in that
kind of environment, there isn't much flight because there's not a lot of new things being added. I'm fully
confident in our operating capability and the quality of the service we deliver and we maintain that front
and center and fully expect that sort of after the industry is able to take a collective breath, we will be
extremely well positioned and see the same flight to quality that we've always seen.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber from Citi.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

How should we think about your strategic initiatives in expanding your international share in lift,
chemicals, directional and formation evaluation in light of the CapEx cuts and market conditions?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, we -- look, we think that's an important avenue of growth. We bought those businesses to do that.
The early work around trials in a number of countries continues on. It doesn't take much capital to get
that going and continue that strategic push into those markets, albeit I don't think we'll see the same
growth that we had anticipated. It's more a matter of pushing those services or delivering those services
through the existing infrastructure that we have.

So to continue that strategic initiative is one that -- we bought those businesses in order to do that.
Obviously, we'd like to see better market for those services as we do this, but it doesn't change the
fundamental interest and, actually, the opportunity to continue to do the things required to grow those
businesses. It takes many steps to grow those businesses internationally, and we don't have to stop those.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Got it. And just circling back to Angie's question. I know the outlook in international is very opaque, but
could you see the vast majority of that annual activity hit in 2Q and then the second half be more flattish
just given a fading impact from COVID, offset by the growing impact from the customer CapEx reductions?
Or are we likely to see activity continue to step down in the second half of the year?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. I mean, I think we'll see most of the U.S. impact in Q2. I mean that's just -- it's moving so quickly
that our view on the U.S. is that we see dramatic reduction in Q2, though not able to call the precise
number or timing, and then likely kind of works off the rest of the year. The -- flattish. The international
market reacts a little differently. And I just say that because taking a frac holiday is a lot different than
taking a deepwater rig holiday. They just happen at different paces. And so we've got a view of slowing
activity internationally. It doesn't necessarily slow at the same pace that we see it just because they pick a
date -- it's like we're going to stop on X date, but it's not today, it's at a point in time.

And so I think that unwind is over more than just Q2, albeit the COVID-19 disruption part should get
behind us quickly. The same operators that are conserving capital in the U.S., in many cases, are the
operators that will look to conserve capital internationally. NOCs -- if we had the grade level of how

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

affected or impactful, NOCs would be less impacted, probably IOCs more so internationally over the
balance of the year. But all of that, we'll have better visibility to that as we go through Q2.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chase Mulvehill from Bank of America.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I guess if we can kind of come back to the U.S. a little bit. Obviously, 2Q is going to take a significant
step down. But if we think about your overall strategy for U.S. onshore during this downturn, do you think
that you may be focused a little bit more or a little bit less on market share this downturn relative to kind
of how you were thinking a couple of months ago?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Look, our playbook doesn't change going into this current environment. By that I mean returns are front
and center, albeit challenged. But we're not chasing market share and don't intend to. I don't think that
the dynamics have changed. The things that formed our view on our strategy for North America haven't
changed, the bigger full cycle type things.

And so therefore, we're going to manage our cost. We're going to look at the returns on equipment,
the best utilization of equipment, whether that's to stack it or work it. But we don't believe that anyone
working below EBIT or EBITDA is not going to be successful in the long term, and we plan to be very
successful on the long term. And so we haven't changed our view there. Flight to quality may result in
more market share at some point. But trust me, that is not -- we don't go to market thinking about that.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Right. Okay. That makes sense. If I can kind of switch over to international a little bit, and this has kind of
been touched on throughout the Q&A session. But you talked about international CapEx, E&P CapEx being
down about 10% year-over-year. OPEC+ members are talking about actually holding 6 million barrels a
day of production offline through basically April 2022. So if they end up doing this, can you talk about the
medium-term activity outlook for international? Last cycle, we were down kind of 40%, it seemed like, on
international drilling and completion spending. Do you think that it would be better or worse, all said and
done, if OPEC+ does hold this amount of production offline through 2022?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes, Chase. Look, I think that's the kind of clarity we will likely get as we work through Q2. But we just
don't -- with respect to OPEC+, I think, overall, they will be more resilient than the rest of the market,
almost independent of what impact the recent agreements have or don't have on activity. The market
never really recovered from '16 other than nominally. So it'd be hard to fall the same distance, though,
like I said, I think we'll get that clarity as we work through Q1 (sic) [ Q2 ]. I said in the range of 10%
simply because it could be plus or minus, something around that band.

I think we've got -- we'll have a better sense in North America as we get through Q2. I think we'll have
visibility but without all of the certainty as we get through Q2, again, just because those are slower
developing -- the decisions are slower developing internationally to a degree, just because they have to.
There's too many partners, nations, governments, things involved to move at the same pace that a North
America nimble independent operator can move.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Anderson from Barclays.

John David Anderson

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Question on sort of -- I certainly appreciate the lack of visibility in North America. I don't think that's a
surprise to anybody. But your customers are all in various states of health as well, if I think about the
majors versus the E&PS versus these privates that are out there. Can you just talk about how those
discussions are going and maybe the differences that you see in how those customers are behaving now?
I know -- it just seems like, to us on the other side, it's all sort of coming at as fast and furious. But if you
could maybe segregate how those different customers are behaving and what they're talking to you about,
that would be very helpful.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Look, I think that they're all behaving, in the very near term, quite similarly. I think they all have a view,
and I'm not going to differentiate between the financial position of the market or the different parts of the
market, though I would say that's an incredibly aggressive group of competitors. My clients, I'm talking
about in North America, and -- they're going to each aggressively act independently. The dialogue with
them, at least with me, has been disappointment over the near term but all, the bit firmly in their teeth,
looking ahead to what it looks like on the other side.

And the dialogue is always that we're going to need to be super competitive and work with Halliburton
when we get to the other side. We've had many discussions about what does a recovery or how do we --
what do -- how do we implement the things we're talking about on the other side. So that's generally been
a consistent conversation with all customers.

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And a separate question on the international side. You had said in your remarks, it sounds like, the direct
impact from the pandemic is mostly international operations, supply chain, kind of quarantines, having
trouble moving people around. Are you seeing the same thing in the U.S.? I haven't really heard that
much about that? Or is it just the fact that the activity has fallen so fast that you're not really seeing it,
it's somewhat irrelevant. Can you just talk about kind of the more direct impacts of this pandemic to your
operations on the U.S. side?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. We see less of the direct impact just because the workforce is all U.S. Most of the travel can be
done in a car, not on a plane. So most of the supply chain is North America-based. It's very little that we
actually source outside the U.S. And so I think that's the reason more than any other that we don't see
the disruption in the U.S. Obviously, we see the commodity price impact in the U.S.

But internationally, even if it's not a U.S.-based workforce, we have a very globally based workforce,
140 nations that work for Halliburton, most of those international. So that's where we get into some
of that supply chain -- well, people interruption, though let me complement our international folks and
operations. I mean they ramped up very quickly. The interruptions to this point have been very limited.
It's because those -- that group has literally sprung to action to manage. I just can't tell you how many
people moves and supply chain moves that they've overcome.

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So does that give you a little bit of comfort in the second part of the year for international, that if you are
more impacted today from the pandemic, as that eases, maybe that gives you a little bit of help in the
back part of the year?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

Well, I think the COVID interruption part, it gives me a lot of confidence around our ability to find an
operating rhythm, which our team typically does and does quite well. But I would say that, that is -- the
commodity price impact is what we will see, as I described earlier, Dave, working through Q2 and what it
might mean. Again, I think in the range of 10%, which our initial thoughts has been up, and now we're
talking about down 10% or so, in that range. But I think that clarity -- we really don't get that clarity until
it settles in.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead from RBC.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Hope everybody is well.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thank you, Kurt. Yes, we are. Thank you.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Great. Awesome, awesome. So Jeff, you spent quite a bit of time on the last conference call talking about
the digital dynamic. Obviously, you referenced again and emphasize it today. I think last time we had a
discussion, you indicated maybe the digital dynamic might not have a very near term -- big near-term
impact on revenue generation. So I just wanted to kind of touch base again. And given all the disruption
that's happened in the industry, given the commentary you made about a number of different discussions
now being had and rethinking and reshaping the industry going forward, any updates or any thoughts on
how much revenue digital could potentially push, whether it's this year or whether you think it's going to
get accelerated as we go into next year as well?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, look, I think it accelerates -- as I had described, I don't think any revenue is accelerating at this very
moment, albeit we are seeing a meaningful uptick in new users just over the last 30 days, as I said, in our
iEnergy cloud, which has been meaningful. But overall, hard to describe revenues up in a meaningful way
at least right now. That said, though, the ability to reduce cost by implementing these things is in the here
and the now. I mean that is like here and the now this week having an impact.

And so I think the ability, for example, on our integrated projects as we -- this accelerates the acceptance
by customers and the demand even by our own people to implement those tools, that de-manned rigs
work remotely. All of those tools that we've been building over the last several years, we've implemented
them or we've talked about them in the North Sea. With Aker BP and some others, we've been quite vocal,
but we've done it with many others. So it's hard to look at that set of tools today and not ask yourself,
"Why am I not using those tools today?"

And so I'm really encouraged about the pace we will see. I think we'll actually see its impact will be still
over the next few years as that continues to grow. But the existing tools get adopted quite quickly, I think,
in this market.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That's great. And maybe a follow-up here for Lance. In prior cycle downturns, typically, the decremental
margin associated with the down cycle could be anywhere in, let's just call it, 40% or so. I know you
guys aren't giving any specific guidance, and I appreciate that dynamic. But just trying to think through
this element. If we're coming through this down cycle at kind of lower price points for U.S. frac, didn't

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

really kind of get the same pricing on the international dynamic through this last upturn, should we still
be thinking about maybe baseline of 40% decrementals? Or should it be lower? And then in that same
context, once we come up with that decremental dynamic, I'm assuming we add back $1 billion of that
cost savings to whatever we calculate. Is that -- Lance, is that a fair way to think about it?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I think it is a fair way to think about it. I won't try to pick an exact number in terms of decrementals
in this cycle, but what I will tell you is that we're taking out costs now to buoy those decrementals, to
soften those decrementals throughout the full cycle of this downturn. I mean that's the purpose. That's
what we're aiming towards. That comes in the form of lowering our unit costs and, ultimately, doing
everything that we can to improve our operating leverage. So yes, I mean, I think that the way that you're
thinking about it, if you had an assumption around decrementals, the overhead and other costs that we
announced, the $1 billion, which is in addition to the $300 million that we've already taken out in the
fourth quarter and first quarter of this year -- fourth quarter of last year, first quarter of this year, we
expect those to be impactful and to soften the decrementals in this downturn.

Operator

That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over
to Jeff Miller for closing remarks.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Thank you, Gigi. Before we wrap up the call, I'd like to leave you with a few closing comments.

First, I thank the Halliburton employees for their dedication to safe, reliable service through these difficult
times. I have the utmost confidence in their ability to deliver our value proposition under any conditions.
Second, our balance sheet and liquidity position are solid, and we plan to continue taking actions to
strengthen them. We are taking swift actions to address cost, CapEx and working capital, and we'll
continue to proactively adjust our business to current market conditions. Finally, we know the industry will
recover and believe the actions we are taking will ensure that we are in a strong position financially and
structurally to take advantage of the market's eventual recovery.

Look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Gigi, please close out the call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining, and have a
wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

