Halliburton Company NYSE:HAL
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, January 19, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.14

0.18

28.57

0.14

0.62

0.65

4.84

0.71

3208.24

3237.00

0.90

3193.15

14409.10

14445.00

0.25

13695.96

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-18-2021 11:35 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.24

(0.11)

0.09

0.14

0.31

0.05

0.11

0.18

SURPRISE

29.17 %

NM

22.22 %

28.57 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Abu Zeya
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

George Michael O'Leary
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Securities, LLC, Research Division

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Halliburton's Fourth Quarter 2020
Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.

I would now like to hand the conference over to Abu Zeya, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead,
sir.

Abu Zeya
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to the Halliburton Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. As a reminder,
today's call is being webcast, and a replay will be available on Halliburton's website for 7 days. Joining me
today are Jeff Miller, Chairman, President and CEO; and Lance Loeffler, CFO.

Some of our comments today may include forward-looking statements reflecting Halliburton's views
about future events. These matters involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to
materially differ from our forward-looking statements. These risks are discussed in Halliburton's Form 10-
K for the year ended December 31, 2019, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, recent
current reports on Form 8-K and other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. We undertake no
obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.

Our comments today also include non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of impairments
and other charges. Additional details and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial
measures are included in our fourth quarter earnings release and can also be found in the quarterly results
and presentation section of our website.

[Operator Instructions] Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thank you, Abu, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by looking back at the year that just ended.
2020 was a year like no other. We faced a global pandemic, record oil demand destruction and an
unprecedented downturn in the energy industry. Despite these turbulent times, Halliburton demonstrated
resilience and performed consistently with our execution culture.

Before we get to our results, I want to address our outstanding employees. I thank you for your hard
work and execution throughout the entire year. You answered the call for safety, collaboration and service
quality and delivered for Halliburton's customers and our shareholders.

Now I want to highlight a few of our 2020 accomplishments. We delivered historic bests in all of our key
safety and service quality metrics, recordable injury rate, lost time injury rate, vehicle incident rate,
environmental recordable rate and nonproductive time. Each of these key metrics improved by over 20%,
and most did so for the second year in a row. This was a result of our employees' continued commitment
to safety and process execution despite the year's distractions.

Total company revenue of $14.4 billion outperformed the global rig count decline of 38%, demonstrating
the strength and diversity of our business. Our swift and decisive cost actions and service delivery
improvements reset our earnings power, allowing us to deliver resilient margin performance.

Our Completion and Production division finished the year with close to 16% operating margins, exiting the
year higher than where they started. These results highlight the success of our structural cost reductions
and process improvements.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

Our Drilling and Evaluation division had a strong full year margin performance despite the rig count
declines experienced in all regions. We delivered over $1.1 billion of free cash flow for the year,
demonstrating our ability to generate strong free cash flow throughout different business environments.

We increased the breadth and depth of our digital offerings and delivered best-in-class performance
across a spectrum of digital technologies. And we successfully launched Halliburton Labs, a collaborative
environment where entrepreneurs, academics, investors and industrial labs come together to advance
cleaner, affordable energy.

Now let me share a few points about our fourth quarter performance. We finished the quarter with total
company revenue of $3.2 billion, a 9% sequential increase; and adjusted operating income of $350
million, an increase of 27% sequentially. This marks the first quarterly revenue increase since the activity
declines began last March.

Our Completion and Production division revenue increased 15% sequentially while operating income
improved 33%, resulting in an operating margin improvement of 2% over the prior quarter. Our Drilling
and Evaluation division revenue and operating income grew 2% and 11%, respectively.

Higher rig activity in the Western Hemisphere was offset by rig count declines in the Eastern Hemisphere.
International revenue remained flat sequentially. Activity in Latin America improved for the second quarter
in a row. Activity declines continued in other regions but at a slower pace compared to the prior quarters.
And lastly, our North America revenue increased 26% sequentially, driven primarily by increases in both
drilling and completions activity in U.S. land.

Our overall strong performance was a direct result of our focus on the key strategic priorities that define
Halliburton's path now and into the future. We are focused on profitable growth in our strong international
franchise, and we are driving strategic changes in North America and building a leaner and more profitable
business.

We are accelerating the deployment and integration of digital technologies, both internally and with our
customers. We are driving capital efficiency by advancing our technologies and making strategic choices
that lower our CapEx profile. And we are an active participant in advancing a sustainable energy future.

As we start the new year, we believe that the worst is behind us and look to the future with optimism.
Oil prices are back to prepandemic levels, driven by global vaccine distribution and unfolding demand
recovery, OPEC+ discipline and a declining production base. However, some caution is appropriate due to
the surge in COVID-19 infections globally and the expected gradual return of spare production capacity.

Our 5 strategic priorities will continue to drive Halliburton's success as markets around the world stabilize
and start to grow. We believe that aligning our actions with these priorities will boost our returns and free
cash flow generation both today and as the recovery unfolds.

We set these priorities according to our long-term view of the market. As oil demand recovers, we
expect to see favorable market dynamics and the beginning of a multiyear energy up cycle. However, we
believe this recovery will look different than prior cycles. International short-cycle producers will have
an opportunity to gain share. North American E&Ps will increase spending from current levels that will
take a more disciplined approach to growing production in the future. We believe that the overall cost and
environmental impact of producing oil and gas will continue to decline due to innovation and technology
adoption. As a result, oil and gas will remain a critical and significant component of the energy mix.

I expect that our gains achieved in 2020, including service delivery improvements, structural cost
reductions and capital efficiency, are firmly in place and sustainable. Halliburton is uniquely positioned in
all markets and is prepared to deliver on both our customer expectations and our shareholder objectives.

Our strong international business outperformed the market. Our full year international revenue declined
17%, while rig counts and customer spending were down more than 20%. All regions, except Latin
America, declined in the fourth quarter, but at a slower pace.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

In the first quarter, we expect international activity to be impacted by typical weather-related seasonality
and the absence of year-end product sales. Activity should bottom during the first quarter and improve as
the year unfolds.

For the full year, we expect activity recovery to vary widely across regions. Latin America will continue
its upward momentum off a very low bottom, both onshore and offshore. Asia Pacific is also showing
signs of activity improvement. We believe parts of Europe and West Africa will remain slow, especially in
the deepwater areas. As for the Middle East and Russia, we believe they will manage activity based on
expectations of the economic and demand recovery.

While the pace of recovery depends on the trajectory of demand improvement, we believe the second half
of this year could see a low double-digit increase in international activity year-on-year. Halliburton is well
positioned to benefit from this increase.

Let me be clear. Our target is profitable growth against a tough activity backdrop in 2020, we remain
focused on increasing profitability, and our actions resulted in overall international margin improvement.

In 2021, we expect that several factors will continue to drive Halliburton's profitable international growth.
Halliburton will benefit from our improved position in the international markets this cycle. We are stronger
technically, geographically and organizationally. We have exposure to mature field completions and
interventions work, a deck of resilient integrated contracts around the world, leveraged to unconventional
developments in Latin America and the Middle East and a leading position in key active offshore areas.

While the international sales cycle tends to be longer, we now have line of sight to activity increases in
the coming quarters. Tender activity has picked up recently, led by the NOCs in the Middle East and Latin
America, and new opportunities are emerging with operators in other regions. Our customers have also
pulled forward mobilization plans for various contracts awarded to Halliburton that were put on hold due to
the pandemic.

Our new drilling technologies are penetrating the market and gaining customer confidence. For example,
we exited the year with a threefold increase in our EarthStar deep resistivity sensor revenue. As activity
recovers, our technology provides us with a tremendous opportunity to profitably grow revenue.

We see significant growth potential in the continued international expansion of our production businesses,
especially in mature fields around the world. For example, the international artificial lift market tends to be
more resilient in this longer cycle. Once an operator puts its field on a specific form of lift, it typically stays
on it for many years. We are currently mobilizing for our first multiyear electric submersible pump contract
in the Middle East and are excited about the opportunities artificial lift opens for us in the region.

The construction of our specialty chemicals plant in Saudi Arabia continues to progress towards final
completion. When it is complete, Halliburton will have a differentiated value chain in the region that
maximizes local content, delivers customized solutions more quickly and shortens customer lead times.
I'm excited about these 2 new additions to our international portfolio that provide us with unique growth
opportunities.

Finally, adoption of Halliburton's digital solutions helps our customers to reduce cost per barrel, improve
project economics and increase efficiencies. Our Halliburton 4.0 digital offerings in subsurface, well
construction and reservoir and production create differentiation and margin growth opportunities for
Halliburton. We are pleased that in 2021, several international oil companies are deploying DecisionSpace
365 cloud applications to streamline and automate their well construction activities. I believe that digital
and other technology advances, geographic expansion of our products and services, along with continued
discipline in cost management and capital efficiency should allow Halliburton to continue delivering
profitable returns-driven growth in the international markets.

Turning to North America. The strategic actions we took last year reset Halliburton's earnings power in this
critical but structurally smaller market. We are the leader in North America and the only integrated oilfield
services company still active in the hydraulic fracturing market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

In the fourth quarter, our North America business took advantage of the recovery in completions and
drilling activity and delivered continued margin improvement even without improved pricing. Completion
stage counts increased in the oil basins, but declined modestly in the gas plays. While the U.S. land rig
count recovered from its August 2020 low of 230 rigs, it is still 60% below the prepandemic levels. Private
and small operators added the most rigs, while large E&Ps and majors moved more slowly.

We expect completions activity in North America to continue improving in the first half of 2021 as
commodity prices remain supportive and customers complete their backlog of DUCs. Customer
consolidation will likely continue, and we expect most operators will remain committed to a disciplined
capital program. For the full year, provided that the impact of the pandemic moderates, economic activity
continues to increase and oil price remains solid, I am optimistic that our customers will sustain activity in
order to hold their production flat to 2020 exit levels, with completion spend outpacing drilling.

I'm excited about Halliburton's future in North America. And here's why. We completed the most
aggressive set of structural cost reductions in our history, giving us meaningful operating leverage in
a recovering market. We also made significant changes to our processes that drive higher contribution
margin, for example, how we perform equipment maintenance and provide engineering support. We
believe the benefits of these changes will have a meaningful impact on our margins as activity picks up.

The hydraulic fracturing market structure continues to improve. Utilization of our active equipment is
higher than it was at the beginning of last year. The market has continued to rationalize and consolidate.
We are seeing competitors either cannibalize idle equipment for parts or use it to beef up working fleets,
thus increasing average horsepower per fleet. This will make equipment reactivation to meet growing
demand a lot harder for capital-constrained companies and should only accelerate supply and demand
balancing.

As activity starts to increase, Halliburton has a unique competitive advantage and sufficient capacity to
respond without adding incremental capital. Our in-house engineering capabilities to refurbish, maintain
and continuously improve our fracturing and perforating equipment minimize the cost and time to deliver
the necessary equipment to our customers and take advantage of the market recovery.

We are also well positioned to profitably grow in our competitive nonhydraulic fracturing businesses in
North America. For example, in 2020, our artificial lift business developed and implemented new digital
capabilities, increased remote operations jobs and solidified its strong market position in North America.
We also expect our well construction technology investments to best position Halliburton to outperform as
drilling rigs return.

Using the Halliburton 4.0 digital framework, we continue to collaborate and engineer solutions that
maximize our customers' asset value. Last quarter, we launched our SmartFleet intelligent fracturing
system and successfully completed a customer engagement in West Texas. SmartFleet is an industry
first, where intelligent automation manages and executes live treatment decisions to optimize subsurface
fracture outcomes. By using SmartFleet, the operator was able to consistently visualize and measure
fracture propagation and control fracture placement through automation. Importantly, the system
provided a level of subsurface control that was previously not possible and enabled the customer to
actively drive their completion outcomes in real time.

We are building on this success with multiple customer commitments across different basins. I believe this
is the biggest step forward in fracturing technology in a long time.

Let me give you a few more examples of how we are accelerating Halliburton 4.0 digital adoption. In the
North Sea, we successfully delivered the first fully automated cement job where the offshore cementing
unit executed the work without human intervention. This is an important milestone in reaching the vision
of fully autonomous offshore well construction that has significant implications for efficiency, safety and
operating costs.

In 2020, we more than tripled the number of DecisionSpace 365 users on the iEnergy Cloud platform. Our
customers also increased adoption of the DecisionSpace 365 asset simulator. Operators in Europe, Latin

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

America and Asia ran over 3,000 reservoir simulation scenarios on the iEnergy Cloud with speeds of up to
7x faster than with conventional on-premise simulators.

Finally, we are teaming up with Accenture to drive the digital transformation of our supply chain. This will
result in process efficiencies across large volumes of transactional activities, lower our overall cost and
free up resources to drive strategic decision-making in support of our operational requirements.

Next, I want to discuss capital efficiency, a key enabler of our other strategic priorities. Leveraging new
materials and design approaches as well as digital innovation, we've been able to significantly reduce
CapEx requirements and extend the life of our equipment. We are continuing our iCruise drilling system
deployment and are reaping the benefits of a reduced CapEx profile and higher asset velocity. Technology
advancements in multiple product service lines in both divisions are allowing us to improve design and
service configuration to save time and money, both for our customers and Halliburton.

Finally, I would like to highlight several important actions we took in alignment with our strategic priority
to participate in advancing a sustainable energy future. We are working to reduce the carbon footprint and
environmental impact of our own operations and have committed to setting targets to the Science Based
Targets initiative to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions. With this commitment, Halliburton joins over
1,000 global companies taking science-based climate action. This is important in our journey to align with
the latest climate science and contribute to sustainable energy advancement.

We are also collaborating with our customers to produce oil and gas more efficiently while reducing their
emissions. We are currently performing the first electric grid-powered fracturing operation for Cimarex
Energy in the Permian Basin. With over 300 stages on multiple wells already completed, Halliburton's
electric-powered equipment has allowed the customer to achieve pump rates that were 30% to 40%
higher than conventional pumps by utilizing the maximum grid power potential.

Grid-powered electric spreads require substantially less capital, a smaller footprint and are more efficient
compared to turbine power. When demand for emission reduction solutions translates to better pricing,
I expect we will replace, within our planned capital budget, some of our conventional fracturing capacity
with electric over the course of a normal equipment replacement cycle.

Halliburton is starting the new year with a clear sense of purpose. We believe that our strategic priorities
are the right ones, and our margins in the fourth quarter demonstrated that. We are confident that the
actions we have taken are sustainable, and we are well positioned both internationally and in North
America for the unfolding market recovery.

I'll now turn the call over to Lance to provide more details on our financial results. Lance?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Jeff. Let's begin this morning with an overview of our fourth quarter results compared to the
third quarter of 2020. Total company revenue for the quarter was $3.2 billion, an increase of 9%. And
adjusted operating income was $350 million, an increase of 27%. During the fourth quarter, we recognized
approximately $450 million of pretax impairments and other charges, primarily related to the fair value
adjustment of our real estate assets in North America.

As part of our 2020 structural cost reduction initiative, we reduced the amount of real estate required to
run our business. In the second quarter, we decreased our real estate use in North America by roughly
50% by closing, selling, consolidating and reducing the size of many facilities. Subsequently, we conducted
a detailed analysis on how we own, lease and operate our remaining real estate footprint. As a result, we
concluded that a structured transaction is likely to be advantageous in managing the majority of our North
American real estate, which led to the fair value adjustment I just discussed. This initiative is consistent
with our strategic priority to achieve capital efficiency in our business, while allowing us to retain flexibility
and drive future operating benefits.

Let me take a moment to discuss our divisional results in more detail. In our Completion and Production
division, revenue increased $236 million or 15%, while operating income increased $70 million, an

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

increase of 33%. These increases were driven by higher activity in multiple product service lines in North
America; increased stimulation activity in Argentina and Kuwait; higher completion tool sales in Africa,
Southeast Asia and Norway; and increased well intervention services internationally. These increases
were partially offset by lower pressure pumping activity in Saudi Arabia and lower completion tool sales in
Eurasia and Australia.

Our Drilling and Evaluation revenue increased $26 million or 2%, while operating income grew by $12
million or an 11% increase. These increases were primarily due to higher drilling-related services in North
America and Brazil, increased wireline activity in North America and Latin America as well as higher fluid
sales in Asia Pacific and Guyana, and increased software sales across all regions. Partially offsetting these
increases were lower drilling-related services and project management activity in Europe/Africa/CIS, the
Middle East and Mexico as well as reduced wireline activity in Asia Pacific and Saudi Arabia.

Moving on to our geographical results. In North America, revenue increased $254 million, a 26% increase.
These results were driven by higher activity in stimulation and artificial lift in U.S. land as well as higher
well construction and wireline services activity and year-end completion tools and software sales.

Latin America revenue grew $46 million or 12%, resulting primarily from increased pressure pumping
and wireline activity in Argentina and activity increases in multiple product service lines in Colombia
and Ecuador as well as higher fluid sales in Guyana and drilling services in Brazil. These increases were
partially offset by reduced activity across multiple product service lines in Mexico.

Turning to Europe/Africa/CIS. Revenue was modestly down by $7 million or a decrease of 1%, resulting
primarily from reduced drilling-related services and completion tool sales in Eurasia, coupled with lower
drilling-related activity in Norway. These results were partially offset by higher completion tool sales in
Africa, Norway and Continental Europe as well as increased stimulation and well intervention services in
Algeria and Continental Europe.

Middle East/Asia revenue declined $31 million or 3%, largely attributed to lower activity in multiple
product service lines in Saudi Arabia, reduced drilling activity in United Arab Emirates and decreased
project management activity in India. These decreases were partially offset by higher drilling-related
services in China, Australia and Malaysia, increased stimulation activity in Kuwait and higher software
sales across the region.

In the fourth quarter, our corporate and other expense totaled $49 million, and we expect it to be
approximately the same in the first quarter of 2021. Net interest expense for the quarter was $125 million
and should remain essentially flat in the first quarter.

Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 19%. Based on the market environment
and our expected geographic earnings mix, we expect our 2021 first quarter effective tax rate to be
approximately 25%.

We generated approximately $638 million of cash from operations during the fourth quarter and delivered
over $1.1 billion of free cash flow for the full year. As a result, we ended the year with approximately $2.6
billion in cash. We will continue to prioritize reducing leverage in the near term and intend to pay down
$685 million of debt coming due this year with cash on hand.

Capital expenditures during the quarter were $218 million, with our 2020 full year CapEx totaling
approximately $730 million. In 2021, we intend to keep our capital expenditures relatively flat at $750
million. We believe that with this level of spend, we will be well equipped to take advantage of the
unfolding recovery.

Finally, let me provide you with some comments on how we see the first quarter playing out. As is typical,
our results for the first quarter of 2021 will be subject to weather-related seasonality and the roll-off of
year-end product sales, which primarily impact our international and Gulf of Mexico businesses.

While we anticipate a slower-than-normal start to the year in some international regions, we also expect
activity momentum in North America to continue, with completions activity outpacing drilling activity. As
such, in our Completion and Production division, we expect revenue to increase 3% to 5% sequentially

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

and operating margins to decline 150 to 200 basis points, largely due to a different business mix. In
our Drilling and Evaluation division, we anticipate a low single-digit revenue increase sequentially, with
operating margins expected to increase by 50 to 75 basis points.

I'll now turn the call back over to Jeff. Jeff?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thanks, Lance. To sum up, Halliburton is focused on executing our key strategic priorities to deliver
industry-leading returns and solid free cash flow for our shareholders. Our strong international business
is expected to continue its profitable growth and market outperformance as the international activity
ramps up throughout the year. In the critical North American market, our business is recovering and
demonstrating margin improvement.

Digital is gaining traction, growing our revenue and helping us and our customers increase operational
efficiency and reduce costs. Our capital efficiency, enabled by technology and service delivery
improvements, is expected to contribute to solid free cash flow generation. And our commitment to a
sustainable energy future will ensure we play a role in advancing cleaner and more affordable energy
solutions. I am optimistic about the future.

While the 2020 downturn was deeper and more widespread than anything we've seen before, I'm
encouraged by the changes we implemented to solidify Halliburton's role in the unfolding economic
recovery where oil and gas remains vital. Strong execution on our strategic priorities will allow Halliburton
to continue to power into and win this recovery.
And now let's open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James West with Evercore ISI.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Well done in North America and reinventing yourself there and creating a much more valuable asset. And
while it's a structurally lower market or smaller market, you've created a nice cash flow machine there.

The question in my mind, and you gave some color around this, Jeff, but I wanted to dig in a little
further, is the outlook for kind of full year '21. With North America, I know you mentioned you feel
like the momentum is still good. But I guess, first, is there some peak that we're going to see here,
some stabilization of activity as the companies remain capital disciplined as you get back to kind of this
maintenance level?

And then on the international side, it sounds like you definitely called a bottom in 1Q. We get some pickup
in 2Q. But the magnitude of the pickup in the second half, what's your confidence level on that pickup?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Thanks, James. Let me start with North America and start then with -- I mean, I am more optimistic
today than I certainly was 90 days ago. And I -- and 2021 will feel better than the second half of 2020
annualized. I think what's important is we see momentum coming into the year and it looks steady for the
remainder. And that's predicated on, customers I think will be certainly rational and capital-disciplined. But
I think there's also pressure to hold production flat in 2021, which creates a bit of a floor as we look at the
full year.

From an international perspective, I feel confident around the international recovery. And I think in terms
of magnitude, the second half of 2021, we believe -- or I believe, will be up low double digits. So that's
fairly solid. And that's based on the tender pipeline that we're seeing and the types of barrels that are
produced. Shorter cycle, I think, will lend themselves to that type of uptick.

And maybe one last word on international outlook. I mean I think the -- we view 2021 as a bit of a
transition year. I mean 2020 was the worst in our history. And we view 2022 is when we see the global
rebalancing of supply and demand, which creates the sort of underpinning of a multiyear up cycle. And so
that we see Q1 as a bottom and then steadily building from there, that's the kind of momentum that we
really like to see going into that supply and demand sort of coming into balance.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then the tendering process internationally that's occurring, are these chunky projects, the
big ones? Or is it more smaller? Or is it kind of ramping of projects and -- that have maybe ramped down,
there's ramping back up? What's the kind of the nature of that -- at those tenders?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

We're seeing some tenders, some big ones, also seeing some extensions of existing work. So it's a bit of a
mixed bag at this point. But the visibility we have are of not all chunky. Again, I think the extensions are
important also to create sort of that steady momentum that we're talking about.

Operator

Our next question comes from Angie Sedita with Goldman Sachs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So Lance, maybe we could start with you and flesh out a little bit more commentary around the margin
outlook for '21 for both C&P and D&E. And maybe you could start with the 150 to 200 basis point decline
on mix for Q1 and flesh that out for us, and just thoughts about the full year.

And then D&E, 8.2% in Q4. You said up slightly in Q1. Could you talk about the margin outlook for the full
year and the potential to return to double-digit margin?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Sure, Angie. Look, I think it's simply -- as it relates to the guide that we gave, it's simply a business
mix for C&P. So we've got completion tool sales that are falling off and are being replaced. That revenue is
being replaced by an improving North America market activity, but not at the same level of profitability.

But look, we're encouraged about some of the backlog that we see building in our completion tool
business. And I think that also gives us the confidence that Jeff just outlined in terms of the back half of
the year, particularly in the international markets.

As you think about C&P margin progression in 2021, I mean, I'd remind you and others on the call that
we're starting from a much higher point in 2021 than we did even in 2020 before the impact of the
pandemic. And that's on a much lower activity level.

On a full year basis, I would say, Angie, that our expectations is that we still drive mid-teens margins for
our C&P division. And look, if we are able to get some pricing momentum, it could go higher than that. But
we're happy with what we've done, particularly creating the operating leverage in the business. Jeff has
mentioned several times that it's sustainable. And I think it fundamentally drives higher incrementals, at
least that's what the management team here is focused on for this next up cycle.

On D&E margins, again, I think we are starting 2021 higher sequentially, which is typically not the case
for our business as we go through some of the seasonality issues that we've mentioned and year-end
software sales falling off. So I'm encouraged to see the momentum in margin progression across the end
of the year and into the beginning of 2021. And that's coming off, again, a largest rig drop in history for
our business and our industry.

Our expectations is to get to double-digit margins by the end of the year, end of the year 2021. And I
think that we're ready to do that through capitalizing on, obviously, a recovering market that Jeff talked
about in the back half of the year, but also on the technology and digital investments that we've made
into the business throughout the course of 2020 and reaping the benefits in 2021. But I think the overall
point, particularly for our D&E business, as you think about the international markets, is a real focus on
profitable growth.

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. Fair call. This is great color, Lance. Very much appreciated. So maybe one more separate follow-up
on e-fleets. Maybe, Jeff, you could talk about the technology that you have, how it differs from the peers,
the contract you have with Cimarex. And then thoughts around additional construction. And could electric
fleets become a larger part of the operations over time?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thanks, Angie. Look, I think that was -- it's an elegant and differentiated solution, but clearly, a premium
solution. We've been working on the electric technology for a number of years and have always described
some of the challenges around electric also being the cost and the upfront capital associated with it. The
grid solution actually eliminates the requirement for turbines, which have come with a range of either
operating problems or emissions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

And so -- and it's important to give a shout out to the Cimarex management team here because a lot
of innovation and collaboration together in order to bring together a very efficient solution and also one
with the absolute lowest emissions. I mean because now it's tapped into the grid and consuming sort of a
variety of different energy sources. So the customer commitment was very important.

I think customer interest will be high, but it's also -- over time, but it's also going to require pricing and
different types of contract terms. And I view this, though, as part of our normal reinvestment cycle.
Clearly, there's interest. But we have a planned reinvestment cycle that's inside of our capital budget and
our outlook on capital efficiency, and certainly see electric having a place in that, but that's where it will
sit.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

So Jeff, just staying on that same line of questioning, the demand for emission reduction solutions in frac
appears pretty robust these days. With crude climbing above $50, do you think customers are going to be
willing to pay up this year to begin a more material expansion of these solutions?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

We'll have to see. Like I said, we've seen -- haven't seen it necessarily at this point, but I think that it's
part of an evolution. By that, I mean emissions are part of the cost of operating today. And in my prepared
remarks, I indicated that I thought technology would lower operating cost and also emissions. And I think
viewing it that way is going to be important.

And beyond that, from a Halliburton perspective, we think about nutrition labels in effect, which helped
us work with our customers to lower the emissions, not just for us but in the services that we provide. So
that we can make choice and drive R&D towards what we think will be a lower emissions sort of footprint
on location.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got you. And then, Lance, just coming back to C&P margins. A big question on Halliburton these days is
just how C&P margins trend here, given the recovery domestically, but that coming in at a lower margin
profile than international. Are you able to provide just a bit more color on the incrementals that you're
seeing on the domestic side of C&P? Not asking for the absolute level but just in terms of the rate of
change as activity comes back here, are you seeing that incrementals, say, in 4Q that approach the
segment average? And are those types of incrementals sustainable into the first half of '21?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, look -- I think, look, incrementals will start off naturally slower when you're just working on activity
ramp. Clearly, there's a lot more punch to incrementals when you start to get pricing as well. We're not
there yet, as you've heard us say on the pricing side. But I think our incrementals have been very healthy
as it relates to just the activity improvement in North America. And again, it goes back to the things that
we were doing around the structural cost initiatives to get the cost structure right in this market. And to
watch that business improve on activity alone has been good to see.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

On so you hit your $1 billion free cash flow bogey for 2020. I'm just curious how you think 2021 can
unfold. So we've got the moving parts of improving cash from operations as you go through the year, but
also working capital needs shift as revenue is going to improve sequentially. CapEx, you're expecting flat
year-on-year. Just how do we think about setting that mark for '21 in terms of what you all can achieve
from a free cash flow perspective?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, Sean, let me take the first part of that because it's -- maximizing free cash flow is a priority of mine.
And the strategic priorities that I've laid out are designed to deliver and maximize free cash flow. But as
you say, I think the profile may look different this year. Lance, why won't you go...

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, sure. You're right. You're right, Sean. Yes, I think the free cash flow profile for 2021 versus 2020
will be much more from an operating profit perspective, right? So the full year of cost cut benefits will be
rolling through 2021. We'll also have the increased activity that you've heard us reference so far on the
call.

Yes, you're right, capital discipline and our philosophy around that remains in place. But as the business
begins to grow, working capital will require investment, right, as activity picks up. And so think about it
outside of some of the noise that's created from working capital movements. So excluding working capital
for a second, I would expect free cash flow to more than double in 2021. Is that helpful?

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Very helpful. Yes. And then on international markets, you talked about shorter cycle maybe taking back
some share. I think that makes sense. And you noticed that tendering activity is picking up.

Could you just talk about expectations for bidding behavior between you and your competitors? How that
may compare or contrast to what we saw in the most recent cycle? What should give investors confidence
that tendering rounds may look different than what they did in the most recent round we saw, let's say,
prior to the pandemic?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Look, Sean, I'm not going to comment on the strategic and the competitive issues that you brought
up. But what I can speak from our perspective is our focus is on profitable growth and profitable growth
that maximizes free cash flow and drives returns. And I would say that, that's been something that
is important, and we were making progress on that in the first quarter of 2020 in terms of improving
margins and cash flow and returns. And then we took a COVID pause internationally.

Now I don't think -- dynamics have not changed in terms of available equipment for the international
markets during the COVID period of time. So with activity and our focus on profitable growth, I'm
encouraged by what I see. Clearly, it's always competitive. Certainly, it's always competitive. But that
focus on profitable growth is front and center with me.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I guess I wanted to come back to the conversation around kind of E&P spending and then kind of your
outlook for 2021. I don't know if you could maybe just take a minute and talk to what your expectations
are for North America E&P spending this year and then also on the international side. I know you said

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

kind of activity up low double digits in the back half of this year for international. But I don't know if that
means that we can actually kind of get more flattish spending this year by E&Ps. Or is that still going to be
down?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, look, from an international standpoint, I mean, I think that's a fairly tight range, around flat. But I
also think what's more important is the improvement that we're seeing into what we believe is supply and
demand balancing in 2022. And that's the right kind of trajectory to have going into that.

And so if we've got double-digit growth in the second half of the year, we've called the bottom in the
first quarter of the year, you just kind of work through that. And like I said, I believe it's a tighter range
around flat. But I think that's going to be -- it's going to be the path to solid improvement. And I'm pretty
optimistic about how all of that plays out.

In North America, again, I think Q1 last year creates a lot of noise in that comparison. But the important
thing is I do believe customers will be capital disciplined. But we've got a lot of growth to go just to get
back to where we were even prepandemic when -- the first quarter of '20. And so I think that -- and
we saw production come off pretty hard in 2020. So just to keep things flat in 2021, from a production
perspective, requires a reasonable amount of activity and actually more activity than we even see today
based on kind of our calculation and outlook.

Which gives me good confidence that while we've got good momentum in the first quarter, and we've got
pretty good visibility for the year. So I think that our outlook, that momentum, it builds in the first quarter.
But it doesn't fall off at the pace that it has in the past, certainly. I think that's just because the drivers will
be different. And I think capital discipline and flat production coexist in the market, and that's what gives
me confidence.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. One quick follow-up. If we think about international pricing, we've heard some anecdotes from some
people about some competitive pricing on some larger projects out there. But we don't see all the data
points. So I don't know if you can maybe just take a second and just kind of talk about what you're seeing
out there on the international pricing side.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, what I'd say is, like I said, it's always competitive on big projects. We'll see different behavior at
different times. I think the under -- the most important thing is, I think we're going into a multiyear cycle
internationally, and building profitable growth is what will be most important and certainly most important
to Halliburton.

And I say it that way because the equipment availability hasn't changed on it. Certainly, we view capital
efficiency as one of our strategic priorities, which also means we want to put it to work. We're in the
places where it's going to make the best returns, and that's not going to be everywhere. That's going
to be in the best-returning opportunities. But I think there's enough growth there. And again, it's this
multiyear cycle. It's the balancing in '22 and the progression through '21 that gives me confidence in
certainly taking that approach.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

Thanks for that great detail. Really appreciate it. And always good to start the year on a positive tone and
positive note, especially after what we've been through, right, over the last few years. So it's good to hear.

Just I wanted to follow up with you in the context, right, on the international front, since that's been a
point of focus on your messaging. You kind of gave the dynamics for the second half of the year. But when
you talk about short-cycle opportunity sets and short-cycle projects, what regions and areas would that be
geared to?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes, Kurt. I mean I think that you look around the world, that where are there either intervention
opportunities or onshore-type opportunities and offshore tiebacks, which -- that starts to lead us to, I
would think, through the Middle East. That could certainly have application in Asia. The North Sea as well
is another sort of important market that demonstrates those characteristics.

So I think it's going to be fairly widespread in terms of where I think it's the type of work. And again, the
short-cycle-type barrels is what -- require less capital upfront. They yield production more quickly. They
demonstrate better returns for operators. And so -- and I think that, that's where we'll see more activity.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate that. And then I wanted to follow up on your experience using high
line power to run frac in the Permian. And you've outlined some benefits of that high line power relative
to turbine-driven e-frac. So how do you see this evolving, right, Jeff? And what are some of the near-
term opportunities for high line-driven e-frac to accelerate? And then what do you see as some of the
roadblocks potentially to the adoption?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, high line, certainly, our grid-powered frac certainly is the lowest emission solution. Look, we learned
a lot through the first project, and so early days and still learning. But we've always said about electric
that the capital upfront around power was going to be the sticky wicket and one that we were not willing
to dive off and invest in. Because from one day to the next, it's not clear what's most efficient. We actually
knew all along that, ultimately, there would be a better both market for availability for power and also
ultimately grid power.

So I think that there's a lot of collaboration that's required. There's a fair amount of technology involved
in solving for how to get power where it needs to be. But I can -- as I said in my remarks, it's a very good
solution to both a capital efficiency problem and an emissions problem. And I look forward to seeing it
catch on. Though I don't think it will be immediate because it takes quite a bit of work upfront to get that
all put in place and very much a commitment by the operator to stay the course.

Operator

Our next question comes from George O'Leary with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.

George Michael O'Leary
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, LLC, Research Division

You have such good insight into the North American completion services space. And just curious, clearly,
thus far, the increase in profitability has mostly been driven by cost-out actions on your part and then
utilization increases.

Just -- I wonder if you could speak to the supply demand dynamics that you see in the market today? And
if there's any line of sight to pricing increases at any point this year or any frac spread count level that
you guys are looking at, at which you think the market may actually start to tighten up and pricing can
increase?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Thanks, George. Look, I think attrition has taken its toll. We certainly saw a lot of it visibly in 2020.
And I think our view is that -- or my view is that the supply-and-demand gap continues to tighten. I also
think the market structure is improving. And so -- and as we look forward from here, just normal attrition
or normal replacement probably runs 10% to 12%. So we've got that at a minimum in front of us.

I also think that capital constraints or the current market for capital and capital investment makes this a
lot tougher for companies, and so harvesting and cannibalization of equipment that we saw in 2020. We
also saw entire transactions predicated to a degree on harvesting equipment as part of that cycle. But all
of those things are taking equipment out of the market.

And so could we see some tightening towards the end of 2021? I think so, particularly with kind of our
outlook on activity for the balance of the year. But I think this is a -- it will continue to tighten is our
outlook.

George Michael O'Leary
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. Very helpful color, Jeff. And then just thinking through the game plan for growing the
specialty chemicals business. You highlighted the plant in Saudi. Clearly, that's a key part of the strategy.
But just thinking bigger picture and longer term, what all do you guys need to execute on to dethrone one
of the larger 2 players in that space? What's left to do from here for you guys strategically to really grow
that business?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, look, our view of that is we stay the course. And we've got the infrastructure in place in the U.S.
We've got -- we're progressing to completion the plant in the Middle East. But we're certainly encouraged
about what we've done and our outlook. I'm not going to try to predict market shares and those sorts of
things.

Look, I like what we're doing. And I am confident that what we are doing continues to improve and grow
that business over time. Take a very long view of the chemicals business. It has long sort of cycle times
around tenders and awards and those sorts of things. So -- but certainly, all of the plumbing is getting
in place now, and I'm very encouraged about the outlook for that business, particularly as it applies to
mature fields and the kind of "sustainable throughout the cycle" type activity that it brings.

Operator

That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Jeff
Miller for closing remarks.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thank you, Liz. Before we end the call, I'd like to make a few closing comments. Halliburton's 5
strategic priorities are designed to deliver industry-leading returns and maximize free cash flow. Our
strong international business is well positioned with the right geographies, technologies and people to
deliver profitable growth, while our North American business is recovering and demonstrating margin
improvement. Halliburton's market outlook, strategic priorities and execution culture make me optimistic
about our future.

I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Liz, please close out the call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining, and have a
wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 19, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

