Hanesbrands Inc. NYSE:HBI
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, February 07, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.51

0.51

0.00

0.27

1.76

1.76

0.00

1.75

1746.69

1751.00

0.25

1546.20

6962.29

6966.92

0.07

6812.96

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-07-2020 12:51 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.25

0.44

0.54

0.51

0.27

0.45

0.54

0.51

8.00 %

2.27 %

0.00 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Markland Scott Lewis
Chief Accounting Officer, Controller
& Interim CFO

Thomas C. Robillard
Chief Investor Relations Officer

ANALYSTS

Carla Casella
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Swartz
Morningstar Inc., Research
Division

Heather Nicole Balsky
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Susan Kay Anderson
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research
Division

Tiffany Ann Kanaga
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the HanesBrands Fourth Quarter 2019
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded.

I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, T.C. Robillard, Chief Investor Relations
Officer. Please go ahead, sir.

Thomas C. Robillard
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the HanesBrands quarterly investor conference call and webcast.
We are pleased to be here today to provide an update on our progress after our fourth quarter of 2019.
Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to review the news release we issued earlier today. The news
release, updated FAQ document and the replay of this call can be found in the Investors section of our
hanes.com website.

On the call today, we may make forward-looking statements either in our prepared remarks or in the
associated question-and-answer session. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs
and are subject to certain risks and uncertainty that may cause actual results to differ materially. These
risks are detailed in our various filings with the SEC and may be found on our website as well as in our
news releases. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
which speak only to the time at which they are made.

Unless otherwise noted, today's references to our consolidated financial results, as well as our 2020
guidance, exclude all restructuring and other action-related charges and expenses. Additional information,
including a reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP performance measures to GAAP, can be found in
today's press release.

With me on the call today are Gerald Evans, our Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Lewis, our Chief
Accounting Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer. For today's call, Gerald and Scott will provide some
brief remarks, and then we'll open it up to your questions.

I will now turn the call over to Gerald.

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Thank you, T.C.

HanesBrands delivered a solid fourth quarter with record cash flow. Overall results were once again right
in line with our guidance and demonstrate that our multiyear strategy to improve our business is working.
Key highlights in the quarter include operating cash flow that exceeded the high end of our guidance for
both the quarter and the full year. We delivered on our commitment to bring our leverage back within our
target range. We saw continued strong performances in International, consumer-direct and Champion.
And adjusted gross margin improved 130 basis points over prior year, driven by increases in both our U.S.
Innerwear and U.S. Activewear segments. And U.S. Innerwear's operating profit and operating margin
increased over prior year, with both metrics exceeding our guidance in the quarter despite lower-than-
expected revenue. We believe this is an indication that U.S. Innerwear's profit has begun to stabilize.

In addition to U.S. Innerwear's fourth quarter profit performance, we saw 2 additional developments that
point to improving revenue and profit trends in 2020. First, our intimates business improved sequentially
and was in line with our expectation for the quarter. The strong performance was driven by our bra
business, which increased over the prior year, as our revitalization efforts and product innovations, such as
EasyLight and Dream Wire, continued to gain traction.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

And second, while early store resets by a major retailer had a short-term impact on basic sales in the
quarter, we're pleased with the longer-term potential this reset holds for our business. Within the stores
that have been reset, we're gaining shelf space and we're gaining market share. Once completed, we
believe this reset should have a positive impact on our basics business beginning in the second half of this
year.

Over the past several years, we have executed a strategy to diversify our business and position the
company for increased earnings growth and shareholder returns. To accomplish this, we set 5 specific
goals, and we've delivered on each, as highlighted by our fourth quarter and full year results.

First, we have diversified our revenue. International revenue now accounts for 36% of sales, up from 11%
in 2013. Consumer-direct revenue, which represented 30% of fourth quarter sales and 25% of full year
sales, is up from 9% in 2013. And on a constant currency basis, global Champion, excluding C9, generated
more than $1.9 billion of revenue in 2019, an increase of more than $1.1 billion in just 3 years.

Second, we've consistently delivered organic revenue growth. The fourth quarter marked our tenth
consecutive quarter of constant currency growth. And we accomplished this despite challenges in our U.S.
business that included a muted holiday and a $46 million headwind from exited programs.

Third, we position the business for higher levels of profitability over the next several years by exiting
unprofitable businesses and restructuring our supply chain to lower cost. We believe our supply chain
restructuring initiatives have positioned U.S. Innerwear and the company for improving margins over the
next 2 years. We also believe this represents an important milestone for U.S. Innerwear as it remains a
critical driver of our strong cash flow.

Fourth, we are generating higher levels of operating cash flow. In 2019, operating cash flow increased
25% over prior year to more than $800 million. This is approximately $200 million higher than our cash
flow from just 3 years ago.

And fifth, we have reduced our net debt by more than $1.1 billion in less than 2 years. We ended the year
at 2.9x levered on a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA basis which is a full turn lower than our peak. Now that
we're back within our long-term range of 2 to 3x, our priority for 2020 is to use our excess free cash to
buy back stock.

The focus of our entire organization for the past several years has been on strengthening our business to
return to a model that is able to magnify sales growth into faster operating profit growth and ultimately
even faster EPS growth. With a lot of heavy lifting done and our program exits behind us, we believe 2020
represents an inflection point for our company, one that reveals the underlying strength of our ongoing
business and unleashes the full potential of our capital allocation model to drive accelerated shareholder
returns.

Turning to our 2020 guidance. Through the remainder of my remarks and for comparison purposes, I'll be
referencing our rebased 2019 results which adjust for the exits of C9 at Target and our DKNY intimates
license. This will provide a clearer view of the underlying trends within our business. Using the midpoint,
our 2020 guidance implies approximately 3% revenue growth. This is driven by strong performances in
International, consumer-direct and Champion.

And while we continue to plan conservatively with respect to our U.S. Innerwear business, we expect
improved revenue trends in 2020 in both basics and intimates. Our guidance for U.S. Innerwear assumes
revenue growth ranging from down 1% to up 1% for the full year.

And for the total company, we expect adjusted operating profit growth of 7% as our investment spending
normalizes and cost savings from our supply chain restructuring flow through, particularly within our U.S.
Innerwear segment, where we expect operating profit to be up over prior year.

With lower interest expense and lower share count, we expect adjusted earnings per share growth to
accelerate to 15%. Embedded in our guidance is $200 million of share repurchases, and we expect to
generate between $700 million and $800 million of operating cash flow.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

So in closing, we delivered solid performances for the quarter and the full year. And as our 2020 outlook
suggests, we believe we've reached an inflection point in our business model. With our exited programs
behind us and all of our capital allocation tools at our disposal, we believe we are well positioned for
accelerating earnings growth and shareholder returns over the next several years.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott Lewis, our Chief Accounting Officer, who is serving as Interim
Chief Financial Officer. Scott has held leading roles in our strong global finance organization since the
company went public and is providing us with a seamless leadership transition to support our goals and
strategies. Scott?

Markland Scott Lewis
Chief Accounting Officer, Controller & Interim CFO

Thanks, Gerald. Before I discuss our fourth quarter results, I want to highlight a supplemental document
on our IR website that reflects revisions to our prior period results. These revisions primarily relate to
adjustments to our income tax balances. The revisions had a minor cumulative earnings per share impact
of $0.01 over the 3-year period from 2017 to 2019. Additional information can be found in our FAQ
document as well as in our 10-K.

Now let me discuss the quarter. Overall, we reported solid fourth quarter results. Revenue, adjusted
operating profit and earnings per share were in line with our guidance, while cash flow from operations
exceeded the high end of our range.

For the quarter, sales were $1.75 billion. On a constant currency basis, sales increased slightly over prior
year. I'll note that our results reflect $46 million expected headwinds in our Activewear segment from the
exit of commodity programs in the mass channel as well as the planned wind down of C9 at Target.

Adjusted gross margin increased 130 basis points over last year to 41.4%, driven by higher margins in
both our Innerwear and Activewear segments. Adjusted operating profit in the quarter was $263 million
and included $3 million of currency headwinds as compared to last year. Our adjusted operating margin
of 15% increased approximately 40 basis points over prior year as our strong gross margin performance
more than offset higher distribution costs and an unexpected bad debt charge of $3 million related to a
retailer bankruptcy in Australia. Both adjusted and GAAP earnings per share were $0.51, an increase of --
over prior year of 13% and 24%, respectively.

In the quarter, we generated $559 million in cash flow from operations, an increase of $57 million
compared to prior year. For the full year, we generated a record $803 million in cash flow from operations.

With respect to the balance sheet, as compared to last year, we reduced our inventory balance by more
than $150 million, and we paid down over $600 million of debt. Our leverage at the end of the quarter was
2.9x on a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA basis. This is down 1 full turn from our peak in the first quarter of
2018 and brings us back within our target range of 2x to 3x.

With that summary, let me take you through our fourth quarter segment performance. As compared to
last year, U.S. Innerwear sales declined 4%. However, operating profit increased 5% as our operating
margin expanded 210 basis points to 24.6%. The operating profit and margin exceeded our forecast in the
quarter as it benefits from earlier price increases and lower distribution expenses, more than offset higher
commodity cost and lower unit volume.

For the quarter, basics revenue declined 5% due to the impact from door closings and an earlier-than-
planned disruption from store resets at a large mass retailer. While these resets are causing short-term
fluctuations, we believe, once completed, this should have a positive impact on our basics business
beginning in the second half of this year.

And with respect to our intimates business, as expected, our trends improved sequentially, driven by our
bra business. For the quarter, bra revenue increased slightly and operating margins improved nearly 300
basis points over last year as our revitalization efforts and new product innovations gain traction.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Turning to our U.S. Activewear segment. Sales declined nearly 7% over last year and were slightly better
than our forecast. The segment's results reflect the $46 million of expected year-over-year headwinds I
referenced earlier. As compared to prior year, Champion Activewear sales, excluding C9, increased 14%.
C9 revenue declined 26% or $26 million and sales in the remainder of our Activewear segment declined
approximately $30 million, which was better than our forecast.

Activewear's operating margin of 15.8% declined 30 basis points over prior year. Activewear's gross
margin increased in the quarter, driven by the benefits of our remixing activity, including a higher mix of
Champion sales. This was more than offset by higher SG&A expense, including higher distribution cost.

In our International segment, revenue increased nearly 7% and was above our forecast, driven by
stronger-than-expected results in both our Activewear and Innerwear businesses. On a constant currency
basis, international sales increased 10% or $60 million over prior year, with mid-single-digit growth in
Innerwear and 22% growth in Champion. International's operating margin of 14.9% declined 130 basis
points over last year as the benefits from higher sales were more than offset by short-term FX transaction
cost pressures as well as the $3 million Australia bad debt expense I referenced earlier.

Touching briefly on our global Champion business. Excluding C9, constant currency sales increased 22%
over last year and were in line with our expectation. This consisted of 22% growth in both our domestic
and international Champion businesses.

And now turning to guidance. To present a more representative comparison of our ongoing business
between 2020 and 2019, we provided a supplemental table on our IR website. This table provides rebased
financial information for 2019 that adjusts for the exits of C9 at Target and the DKNY intimates license.
During my guidance discussion, all year-over-year comparisons will reference our rebased 2019 results. I'll
also point you to our press release and FAQ document for additional guidance details. However, I will like
to share a few thoughts to frame our 2020 outlook.

We expect solid growth with enhanced profitability even though the first quarter is expected to see difficult
comparisons. With a strong balance sheet, our capital allocation strategy is expected to drive accelerating
earnings per share growth, and we've identified additional cost-reduction actions to those we've begun last
year that should generate further profit improvement in 2021 and beyond.

Our 2020 guidance demonstrates accelerating growth rates as you move down the P&L. At the midpoint,
our full year guidance implies revenue growth that's approaching 3% and adjusted operating profit
growth approximately 7%. With expected benefits from lower interest expense and $200 million of share
repurchases planned early in the year, we expect adjusted earnings per share growth of approximately
15%. We expect to generate $700 million to $800 million in cash flow from operations. Absent any
additional capital allocation initiatives this year, we expect our leverage to decline to 2.7x by year-end.

With respect to our restructuring and other actions, we expect approximately $50 million of charges
in 2020. Approximately $10 million of these charges are costs related to the exits of C9 and the DKNY
license. Approximately $10 million relate to our 2019 supply chain restructuring which were previously
planned. The remainder of the charges are focused on additional actions to further reduce cost,
primarily within our supply chain. In isolation, we expect these additional restructuring actions to deliver
approximately $40 million of incremental profit, but $30 million coming in 2021 and the remaining $10
million coming in 2022.

Touching on the first quarter. We expect muted revenue and operating profit growth due to transitory
and timing issues in the international and U.S. Innerwear segments. Within U.S. Innerwear, we're facing
headwinds from a large sock shipment in last year's first quarter as we displaced a competitor at a large
value retailer. We also expect continued short-term disruption in our basics business from the previously
discussed store reset at a large mass retailer.

International constant currency revenue growth is expected to slow to 2% in the quarter before returning
to mid-single-digit growth in the second quarter due to the timing of the Asia expansion this year
compared to last year. And International's first quarter operating profit is expected to decline due to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

the increased investments to support our Asia expansion as well as short-term FX transactional cost
pressures.

For the rest of the year, we expect revenue and operating profit growth as we benefit from the continued
momentum in our intimates business, the completion of store resets in the mass channel, expanded
distribution in Asia, cost savings from our supply chain restructuring and price increases in certain
international markets to offset the cost pressures from foreign exchange rates.

So in closing, we delivered solid results for both the quarter and full year. We delivered on a number of
initiatives to improve our business model. And as our outlook suggests, we believe we've reached an
inflection point now that our program exits are behind us and we've brought back our leverage within our
targeted range. We believe the combination of our strengthened business model, our strong balance sheet
and all of our capital allocation tools position us for accelerating earnings growth and total shareholder
returns in 2020 and beyond.

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to T.C.

Thomas C. Robillard
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Thanks, Scott. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now begin taking your questions and we'll
continue as time allows. I'll turn the call back over to the operator to begin the question-and-answer
session. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I wanted to ask -- nice quarter, guys. I wanted to ask for a little bit more color around the basics reset.
What's happening in that kind of core basics business? I think there's -- sounds like something's going on
at a mass retailer. Sounds like an opportunity for shelf space. But maybe you can give us a little bit more
color what's happening there, how do we expect it to kind of flow through the P&L, and timing of when
that part of the business might reaccelerate again.

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Omar, it's Gerald. Thanks for the question. And we are pleased with the fourth quarter. Our record cash
flow and double-digit EPS growth, and our in-line guidance really speak to what we've been doing to
improve our business model. We really do look to 2020 as a an inflection point for this business. And an
important part of that is the underlying strength of our ongoing businesses.

And then part of that is innerwear. And we did see improvement from a profitability standpoint certainly at
the end of 2019. As we look to 2020, we do expect the revenue to improve as we work through the store
resets in the large retailer. The large retailer's started the reset at the end of last year, in 2019, a little
earlier than we had expected. And as you see with resets, there's sell-off of exited SKUs and businesses
and so forth that can create some short-term interruption. But what we do see and what we like is our
space is expanding. And with that space expansion, we're seeing our share expand.

So the balance of the chain resets through the first part of 2020. But we expect, as we get past that, that
as we get to the second half, we'll pick up the tailwind of that on our Innerwear business and the benefit
we saw from share expansion in their initial reset, along with the improving trends we're seeing out of our
intimates business. On the revenue side, we expect to also then pick up the additional restructure -- cost
restructure benefits that we implemented in 2019 to flow through the second half.

So we really do expect a stabilization of our revenue line as we work through the balance of 2020, and
we expect our operating profit to be up. And so we're very encouraged by that, and that's an important
punctuation on our strong cash flow as well when we see our profit growing within Innerwear.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. So I have a 2-part question. Number one is, Scott, can you maybe give us a little bit of a direction
on how you expect gross margin to play out for this year?

And then secondly, the press release mentioned something about identified control deficiencies that the
constitute a material weakness in internal control. Can you just give us an idea of what that means and
what's some of the actions you've already taken, and say, will continue to take over the year to address
that situation?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Yes, let me -- this is Gerald. Let me take the gross margin part, and I'll turn it over to Scott to talk about
the revision part of the question.

From a gross margin standpoint, we would expect our gross margins to strengthen as we work through
the year. We've got a number of restructure initiatives that we undertook in 2019 that will flow through in
2020 as it works its way off the balance sheet into the second half of the year. So you would expect that to
ramp -- along with our revenue, is ramping in the first as we get -- overlap some of the headwinds in the
first quarter of 2020.

So Scott, would you -- do you want to take the...

Markland Scott Lewis
Chief Accounting Officer, Controller & Interim CFO

Thanks, Gerald. Thanks for your question. For the revision, just to put some context around this item, the
impact of the revision adjustments had a minor cumulative earnings per share impact to us of $0.01 over
the 3-year period of 2017 to 2019. And I think it's important to understand, as we look forward, this tax
issue will not impact our tax rate as we move forward. We continue to expect a tax rate in the mid-teens.

We discovered the issue as we were preparing our year-end financial statements this year. And the issue
revolves around or relates to the tax treatment of intercompany inventory transactions and ultimately
impacted our prior period tax balances. Now when we identified this, we've -- we had -- we quantified it
and we've revised prior period financial statements to correct for these errors. And we also addressed it
for other immaterial out-of-period items at the same time.

And you mentioned the controls. And from a controls perspective, we already made some process
improvements in this area. We -- actually, one of the process improvements that we were working through
have helped identify this issue. We ultimately did conclude that this was a material weakness. And we
have, and we'll continue to, refine and enhance controls in this area. We're taking this very seriously. And
we intend to implement these enhancements through the course -- over the course of 2020.

Operator

Our next question comes from Susan Anderson with B. Riley FBR.

Susan Kay Anderson
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

I was wondering if you could maybe quantify a bit how much the Innerwear business is impacted next
year by C9, DKNY and then the door closures. And then also, you're thinking about the growth of
Champion sales in 2020 as we go throughout the year, both domestically and internationally. And the
impacts of the Asia distribution expansion.

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Sure. Let me look at -- let me start with the C9 portion of your question. It's in the rebased numbers that
we looked at on the basics or the innerwear side of things. It was approximately $42 million of sales that
was in Innerwear basics. We have recovered the vast majority of that, but it's a bit masked in the rebased
numbers because as we planned for 2020, we also assumed there would be the impact of door closures of
about $35 million to $40 million, so they offset in the numbers.

But I think you should take solace in knowing that we have planned conservatively on the Innerwear side.
And as we begin to hear about door closures in other places, we have those covered in our guidance as
we look toward 2020. So we feel we've appropriately planned the Innerwear business from the standpoint
of being conservative, yet -- and know the phasing of that business as we also see the revenue and
profitability ramp throughout the year. So we feel good about that business and where it's positioned and
appropriately planned from a conservative standpoint.

From the Asia?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Markland Scott Lewis
Chief Accounting Officer, Controller & Interim CFO

Champion, just kind of how the year maybe unfolds for growth.

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Yes, from the Champion business, first of all, let me just say, last year, Champion had another -- we
finished really well in the fourth quarter. Champion was up 22% in the fourth quarter again, and it was
22% domestically and 22% internationally. And just to give you a sense of how big that business has
become, it's about $460 million globally in the quarter and it finished up 40% for the year.

So as we look at to 2020, we expect to surpass the $2 billion mark. We expect to do another year of
double-digit growth for Champion. We are overlapping some very large comps in the first part of the year.
So we've planned a mid- to high single-digit growth rate for Champion in the first half of the year and a
double-digit growth in the second half of the year -- low double-digit growth in the second half of the year.

So we're continuing to be very bullish on Champion and its ability to continue to grow. We're seeing strong
POS, we saw strong POS through the holiday periods around the world as well. And we are well on our
way, obviously, to reach our $2 billion goal in 2020 2 years early. And we believe we can add the next $1
billion in the next 4 to 5 years.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Gerald, 2 questions. In FAQ, there's some commentary about finding a new C9 partner and something --
new revenue stream in the second half, but it sounds like it should be minimal. Just any more color on
that would be really helpful. It's interesting that you guys are able to get a partner for the brand.

And then secondarily, there was a big department store that talked about a 3-year store closing program.
Just curious if you could let us know how that impacts your multiyear view of Innerwear, how tied to those
125 doors you are. Just anything there over the next 3 years would be helpful as well.

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Sure. Let me start, Ike, with the C9 part of the question. C9 has continued to perform well right through
the balance of 2019, really, exceeded our expectations through the balance of 2019. And it's clear to us
that there's a strong consumer base out there that's very loyal to that brand. We are in the final stages of
discussions with a new partner, and we expect to launch that program, an initial program, in the second
half of this year.

Relatively small to start with. And as you noted, it is in our guidance at this point in time. But it has the
potential to ramp nicely over time as we get the program going. So we'll provide some more specifics
on that in the coming months, but we're very pleased to have the opportunity to keep that brand in the
market and satisfy those consumers.

From the standpoint of the department store information. The vast majority of the business we do in
Macy's is at -- on macys.com and in their largest stores. And that's where all of our, really, growth comes
from in that account. As noted in the announcement, the stores targeted for closures are a small part of
their total business. And while the closure list has not yet been fully communicated, we believe the doors
targeted for closure do not represent a material part of our business.

In regards to 2020, as I noted in my earlier comments, we had planned the possibility of additional door
closures in the market, and we feel that we have the initial 30 covered in our guidance. And as the list
develops, we'll continue to assess that. But we feel we've got it covered in our guidance for 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

I think, once again, it reinforces what we've been focused on for a while, is the consumer's choice of
where they shop and their shopping habits continue to evolve. And we've been focusing over the last few
years on diversifying our revenue base and where we sell, and particularly developing our consumer-direct
piece of the business, which is -- as we noted in our comments, was 25% of our business in the last year.
And so macys.com is part of that as well as pure plays and as well as our own site. So we'll continue to
diversify where we sell to meet the shifting needs of the consumer.

So we feel good about where we have Innerwear going and that will continue. And Innerwear is one of our
fastest-growing consumer-direct businesses.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel.

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Nice job with the cash flows and the balance sheet. So this gives you some newfound balance sheet
flexibility into 2020. Looking at the implied cash flow outlook for '20 well in excess of the dividend
obligation and the $200 million in planned repurchases, does the balance go to debt reduction? Or could
you see repurchases beyond that $200 million?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Jim, it's Gerald, and thanks for that. We have definitely focused on delevering, as you know, and we're
very proud to have achieved that goal, it gives us a lot of flexibility. And we are very disciplined in our
capital allocation approach. We have noted that our intent is to use the $200 million of excess cash to
repurchase shares. That will allow us to continue to delever. We'll assess as we work through the year, but
certainly getting solidly back in our range gives us significant amount of flexibility in exercising our full
capital allocation. So we'll work through the year, but we are very pleased to be back within our range.

Operator

Our next question comes from Heather Balsky with Bank of America.

Heather Nicole Balsky
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

First, with regards to your Champion guidance for next year. Can you just talk about the different
components in terms of Activewear and international and how you're thinking about the growth there?

And then also, in terms of your cash flow guidance, if you could just help us with a little more color. How
do we think about some of the moving pieces, especially working capital?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Sure. Let me take the first half of that and I'll let Scott take the second half of that. From the standpoint
of Champion, we expect to continue to see balanced growth really between international and the domestic
piece. It is growing nicely. Actually, the Innerwear piece of our Champion is growing at a very rapid rate as
well and is helping drive that total strong growth that we're seeing around the world. So we expect both
the Activewear and Innerwear elements of our Champion business to grow.

We -- as we've said before, we've been very successful in the men's business. We still have room to
grow as we develop a greater share in the women's business as well as the kids business, and outerwear
represents a new category for us as well. So we see multiple areas that we can continue to expand the
business as well as continue to grow, of course, where we have distribution today.

Scott?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Markland Scott Lewis
Chief Accounting Officer, Controller & Interim CFO

Excellent. I appreciate your question. We are very proud of the record level of cash flow that we had in
2019. The team did a fantastic job this year. We had a good improvement in our cash cycle days. We feel
this takes us to a new level from a -- and reinforces our ability to generate cash flows. Our operating cash
flows in '19, we accomplished that through strong GAAP net income and working capital management.

And as you think about the 2020 cash flow levels, our guidance is the $700 million to $800 million, you
can arrive at that in a couple of ways. And one way is looking at our 2020 GAAP net income, the midpoint
is around $585 million. If you add back our noncash items like depreciation and amortization and stock
compensation, which is typically around $180 million to $190 million, you land right in the midpoint within
that guidance range.

Another way of thinking about it is if you look our 2019 cash flow level of $803 million. Our 2020 GAAP
net income is at the midpoint, it's around $20 million lower than '19 as we talked about the program exits.
And just using the same working capital assumption that we had in '19, which is actually flat of that year.
We -- you arrive right within that guidance range again.

So we thought this was a prudent way of looking at cash flows in 2020. And we felt like, again, we're
in a really good position to drive strong cash flows in 2020 and beyond, and this is helping with strong
returns. And again, like Gerald mentioned earlier, this gives us opportunities to continue to delever for
share repurchases and really drive shareholder return.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tiffany Kanaga with Deutsche Bank.

Tiffany Ann Kanaga
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Would you please help us understand a bit better what drove the bra revenue increase in the fourth
quarter? And if you anticipate that carrying forward as part of flattish rebased full year guidance for
Innerwear despite retailer door closures? Or put another way, would you quantify what level of bra growth
is baked into your 2020 plans?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Sure. From the standpoint of what drove that growth, it was -- we certainly have been on a -- working on
our revitalization program for some time now within the intimates business. And one of our key elements
of our bra expansion was innovation, and we've seen both our Dream Wire and our EasyLight innovations
perform very well. And as you may recall, we paired that with both online, our digital support as well as TV
support in the case of the Bali EasyLight.

So we saw nice traction from the standpoint of those launches and we've seen it ramp. And we expect it
will continue to ramp, particularly as we get through the -- into the later quarters of the year. So we are
expecting actually growth out of our intimates business next year in the guidance that we gave.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

It seems like you took some price on the Innerwear side that helped margins in that segment. Can you
just maybe talk about how your retail partners have adjusted their pricing? What sort of sell-throughs that
they are seeing? Just basically, what's the consumer reception to the price increases?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

And also, I just wanted to make sure. On the international side, you mentioned some bad debt that
negatively hurt your profits this past quarter. Was that a onetime thing? Or do you expect any more of
that to continue in F '20?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Sure. From the pricing question, we implemented our pricing in Innerwear really last February, so
February of 2019. You may recall at the time, we were pricing because commodities had peaked ahead of
that pricing and we put that pricing in place. So it's been in place a long time. We've generally seen that
the pricing in the market has settled out around it and so forth.

What we're seeing now, though, is as the pricing continues to lap itself, the peak of the commodities is
past, and we're actually seeing margin improvement as the commodity costs begin to ramp down and the
pricing overlaps that. So we're seeing that now.

As we look to Innerwear in the second half of 2020, we get the added benefit of the supply chain
restructurings that we had executed in 2019 will work their way off the balance sheet and give us added
improvement in our operating margins and profit within Innerwear, in particular.

From the standpoint of the international bad debt, that was a bankruptcy in Australia. And we would
expect that to be an individual event, not something that's ongoing there.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Swartz with Morningstar.

David Swartz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Can you give us an update on the new distribution agreements for Champion in South Korea and China?
And also, do you think that the health crisis in China will affect store openings this year?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Sure. From the standpoint of the distribution agreements, we have 2 new partners, 1 in Korea and 1 in
China, as you noted. From the standpoint of their -- how they will flow, they are planned for later in the
year. So at this point in time, we do not see the current issue having an impact on that business. You may
recall that our Chinese commercial business is fairly small today, less than 1%.

From the standpoint of that overall issue, we're taking it very seriously. It's an evolving issue. We have
stopped our own travel of our employees, as well as we're watching very carefully from the standpoint of
our vendors. And we will keep that travel stopped until we see that the illness is stopped or ceased.

From the standpoint of our business, we don't see it having any meaningful impact on our business at this
time, and we certainly are working on contingency plans, either from a sourcing standpoint or a business
standpoint. But back to your original question, we feel good about those distributors, and they will have
more of a second half impact.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen.

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Gerald, you mentioned and called out Champion hitting your target earlier than you had anticipated, and
you mentioned $1 billion in incremental top line that you thought the brand can generate. Can you walk
us through how you're getting there and just the bridge between distribution growth in North America and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

international in kind of how we should think about that $1 billion in revenue opportunity that you're talking
to?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Sure. As we began to look at it from the standpoint of the next $1 billion, we see it as continued to be a
global expansion. And in many ways, some of the categories I touched on earlier are important elements
to that. The drive from just -- from simply being predominantly a men's brand to one that becomes across
genders and includes a kids business as well. It would obviously include an important ramping in markets
like Asia, where we think there's tremendous opportunity; further expansion in our Europe markets. And
within the U.S. market, for example, where we have pretty solid distribution, that's where you would
expect certainly us to build a bigger business across women and kids as well.

And then there are categories out there that we really don't play in, such as outerwear. And we also are in
the midst of partnering with a company on some initial shoe offerings as well. So we see lots of avenues to
grow, and we would see it sort of being consistent growth over time.

Operator

Our next question comes from Carla Casella with JPMorgan.

Carla Casella
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

You talked about both the shelf space gains and losses, and I think you gave us some nice clarity on the
intimates in Korea and China. But can you say the timing of -- was that the only major change in shelf
space this year? Or was there something else that was embedded in one of the other categories that I
missed?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

No, I think from the standpoint of shelf space, we're fairly stable from a shelf space. And when I speak to
you about that, in shelf space, I'm speaking more on the Innerwear side of things. Shelf space is -- it's
fairly stable. We do see the solidification of the basic space within the mass channel, as we referred to
earlier. But we feel good about our shelf space and our innovations behind it.

Of course, on the Activewear side and Champion in particular, we're continuing to drive distribution
expansion in the U.S. as well as globally. So we have a nice trend there as well.

Operator

Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to
T.C. Robillard for any closing remarks.

Thomas C. Robillard
Chief Investor Relations Officer

We'd like to thank everyone for attending our call today, and we look forward to speaking with you soon.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

