Hasbro, Inc. NasdaqGS:HAS
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 27, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.64

1.00

56.25

0.40

4.36

5.09

Revenue  (mm)

1174.49

1114.80

(5.08 %)

1122.41

6078.90

6484.91

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2021 12:45 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.23

1.61

1.14

0.64

0.02

1.88

1.27

1.00

SURPRISE

(91.30 %)

16.77 %

11.40 %

56.25 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Debbie Hancock
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

David James Beckel
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Devin MacArthur Brisco
BofA Securities, Research Division

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research
Division

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Ng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Shawn Michael Collins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephanie Marie Schiller
Wissink
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Tami Zakaria
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings. Welcome to Hasbro's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
Please note that this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this
time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Debbie Hancock
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian
and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance. Then we will take your questions. Our
earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website.

The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-
GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures which exclude these
non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release
and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to
earnings per diluted share.

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session
that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning
management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations
expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual
report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures.
We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or
circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The first quarter was
an excellent start to the year with growth in both sell-in and point-of-sale for our Consumer Products
segment, robust engagement from gamers driving double-digit growth in the Wizards of the Coast and
Digital Gaming segment, and we remain on track to deliver our full year expected revenue growth in
Entertainment. I want to recognize and thank the Hasbro employees around the world who continue to
work through a pandemic and were able to deliver such a high quality quarter with revenue momentum,
profit improvement and strong cash generation.

This quarter marked the first with our new reporting segment structure, which provides a clearer view of
the drivers of Hasbro revenues, profit, margin and cash generation. As we shared at our investor event
in February, our Brand Blueprint succeeds as we create value from our 3 businesses, Hasbro Consumer
Products, including toys and games; Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming; and Entertainment.

Each has a growth plan that drives that segment but also drives growth across Hasbro. Our teams and
expanding capabilities are enabling us to unlock the full potential of our brands and company. Deb will
speak to the quarterly segment performance in more detail shortly. It is clear our unique portfolio of
brands and capabilities is driving long-term, sustainable, profitable and cash-generative growth while
we invest to build bigger, better brands across a much bigger universe that includes toys and games but
also spans Digital Gaming and Entertainment revenues. With double-digit year-over-year growth in both
Consumer Products and Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming, these businesses are up nearly 20%
from the first quarter 2019 pre-COVID. Importantly, the quality of this growth is impressive as we have
added $120 million in operating profit dollars between the 2 segments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

We continue to see consumers choosing Hasbro brands as evidenced by the 9% point-of-sale growth
globally and nearly 20% point-of-sale increase in the U.S. This doesn't reflect most of MAGIC: THE
GATHERING or DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and doesn't yet reflect Hasbro's line of PEPPA PIG and PJ
MASKS toys and games. Hasbro Franchise Brands' revenue increased 24%, with gains in MAGIC: THE
GATHERING, PLAY-DOH, NERF, TRANSFORMERS and BABY ALIVE. NERF revenue increased in all regions
with high single-digit POS, led by the U.S. and Europe. Innovation for consumers of all ages is driving
this growth, including DinoSquad, which released in March, Elite 2.0 and our high-performance Ultra line,
which have now fully set around the world; continued strength in our licensed Fortnite business; and the
March launch of the Rival Curve Shot. We have more innovation coming with the NERF Hyper line and the
newly announced NERF Roblox for fans of the massively popular game.

TRANSFORMERS revenue growth was led by gains in the U.S. and Asia Pacific, and global point-of-sale
was up nearly 40%. Innovation and storytelling are essential to driving transformers, and the eOne team
is expanding the reach and relevance of the brand through world-class entertainment across platforms and
demographics. We delivered our latest War for Cybertron content in partnership with Netflix on December
30, supported by new products that drove first quarter's performance. War for Cybertron Chapter 3 will be
airing this summer and, in partnership with Paramount, the next feature in the theatrical TRANSFORMERS
franchise is slated for 2022.

TRANSFORMERS continued to be the top brand performer on Hasbro's Pulse in the first quarter, delivering
the much anticipated HasLab Unicron. The brand kept the momentum to start Q2. In partnership with
Robosen, during Hasbro Pulse Fan Fest earlier this month, we unveiled the $700 Auto-Converting Optimus
Prime Robot, which sold out in presale in less than 10 hours.

E-com revenues increased 70% in the quarter. COVID continues to shift consumer shopping behaviors,
accelerating the shift to digital for Hasbro. Our pure-play e-com retailers and our omnichannel retailers
have supported by their investments in technology and services like curbside pickup. For the quarter,
revenue in the total gaming category, including MAGIC and MONOPOLY, increased 7% as gaming continued
to be a focal point for players, consumers and retailers. Throughout last year, robust demand drove high
point of sale and revenue growth. In the Consumer Products segment, this surge in gaming demand
began around week 12 of last year. If we look at the U.S. this year, heading into that same week, our
games' point of sale was up more than 30%. Once we hit week 12, point-of-sale slowed. Despite the
tough comparison, underlying game demand is healthy and point of sale is more than 30% higher than
2019 pre-COVID levels. We have many new games both this spring and for the holiday and availability of
classic games to continue meeting the high levels of gaming demand.

Within Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS
both posted double-digit revenue increases. Fueling this growth is both tabletop and physical play as well
as the team's continued expansion in digital. MAGIC was up against an exceptionally good first quarter
shipment number last year. Based on release strength and timing, we continue to expect the second
quarter to be the biggest for MAGIC and Wizards this year. Arena revenue was also higher, including a late
first quarter release on mobile. DUNGEONS & DRAGONS' licensed Digital Gaming revenue also increased.
Dark Alliance is slated for release in June, and the game is receiving positive early buzz.

Partner Brand revenues grew 3% behind strong growth in Hasbro products for Star Wars as well as
continued strength in products for The Mandalorian as well as growth in Marvel, led by momentum in the
Spider-Man franchise across all consumer segments, and new products for Marvel Studios, The Falcon and
the Winter Soldier unveiled at quarter end that will be fully distributed in the second quarter.

Shifting to our Entertainment business, our eOne team has more than 200 projects in development across
TV, film and animation, featuring more than 30 Hasbro IPs. As we spoke to earlier this year, we had
theatrical revenues in the first quarter last year, but do not this year due to COVID-related closures. We're
also planning for television deliveries to be later this year versus last. We remain on track for our target to
reach 2019 TV and Film revenue levels this year.

With our partners at Paramount, the G.I. Joe Snake Eyes movie release is now set for July 23, and the
brand team continues to drive engagement and demand with fans through product and events, including
our Pulse initiatives. The eOne team is also shepherding the relaunch of MY LITTLE PONY with new content

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

across digital and broadcast networks with Pony Life and the release of the CG animated film on Netflix
this September. We are currently in preproduction for the DUNGEONS & DRAGONS Live Action feature
with a new release date of March 3, 2023, and an amazingly talented casting crew. During the quarter,
the team wrapped principal production on 2 films, All the Old Knives and Arthur the King and are currently
in post production on both. In scripted TV, Cruel Summer completed filming and premiered last week on
Freeform, and we continued deliveries of Season 3 of The Rookie. In unscripted, we have a robust slate of
shows in Canada, the U.S. and the U.K. underway with more than 40 active productions.

We announced yesterday an agreement to sell the eOne Music business for $385 million. We continue
to focus on the core strategic elements of our Brand Blueprint as a play and entertainment company.
While we plan to continue working with the music group, including music supervision and music rights
exploitation across several brands, music was not the primary driver of our acquisition of eOne. This
transaction will allow the team to continue investing to grow and unlock value for its many talented
artists and partners. I want to recognize the leadership of Chris Taylor, his dedicated team and the entire
organization. We thank them for their countless contributions and look forward to working with them
on various projects well into the future. We plan to use the net proceeds from the sale to accelerate
deleveraging and for general corporate purposes.

The first quarter's results are a good start toward achieving our target, double-digit revenue growth this
year. The team did an excellent job delivering profit growth, strong cash generation, paying our dividend
and reducing our debt profile. We have tremendous innovation and content coming this year, and we look
forward to sharing more details as the year progresses. I'll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. We began 2021 with a very good first quarter, which
demonstrates the strength of our portfolio, our focus on driving profitable revenue growth and progress
toward our commitment to strengthening our balance sheet as our goal remains to return to our stated
target of 2 to 2.5x debt-to-EBITDA. Revenue grew 1%, including a positive $18 million impact from
foreign exchange. Adjusted operating profit grew 15%. Adjusted EBITDA increased 24% and adjusted
earnings per share were $1.

Our continued focus on working capital was evident. We generated operating cash flow of $378 million
and ended the quarter with $1.43 billion in cash after paying off $300 million in debt, which was due in
May and paying our quarterly dividend. Receivables declined with improved collection and the quality of
receivables improved. DSO was 66 days versus 79 last year. Inventory was also down, decreasing 7%,
absent FX. We remain in a very healthy financial position as we invest to profitably grow.

As Brian mentioned, this is the first quarter we've reported under our new operating segments. Consumer
Products segment revenues grew 14% behind growth in Franchise Brands, Emerging Brands and Partner
Brands. Hasbro Gaming, excluding MAGIC and MONOPOLY, was down just slightly versus the difficult
comparison with last year's strong performance.

Revenue grew in each geographic region led by the U.S. and Europe, along with growth in Asia Pacific
and Latin America. Retail inventories declined in most markets, including the U.S. and Latin America,
and the quality of inventory is good. Licensed Consumer Products revenue also increased in the quarter
with strong demand for our brands. Foreign exchange had a favorable $9 million impact on the segment.
Operating profit for this segment increased $42 million on higher revenue, somewhat offset by increases
in royalties and advertising as well as higher freight costs. Profit was up throughout the segment with
North America, Europe and Latin America contributing the most to profit improvement.

Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming segment revenues gained 15% in the quarter. Both major
brands in this segment, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, contributed to growth.
Foreign exchange had a favorable $4 million impact. Operating profit grew with higher revenue, which
was partially offset by increased product development as previously capitalized digital game development
is now being expensed as well as higher advertising spend to support the mobile launch of Magic Arena

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

and the upcoming launch of Dark Alliance. Operating profit margin was essentially flat, but we expect the
expense cadence to impact future quarters more significantly.

Entertainment segment revenues declined 32%, primarily due to the TV and film business. Foreign
exchange had a favorable $5 million impact in the quarter. As Brian discussed, and we shared with you
earlier in the year, the comparison to last year when theaters were open was challenging. Given the nature
of entertainment delivery timing, we'll have revenue variances quarter-to-quarter, but our full year plan
remains to deliver double-digit growth in the segment, beginning with growth in the second quarter.
Operating profit declined on lower revenue. The lower program amortization and advertising contributed to
higher operating profit margin for the segment.

Our cash spend on content across scripted and unscripted live action, animated TV and film is planned
to be in the range of $675 million to $750 million for the full year. In the first quarter, we spent
approximately $147 million of that plan.

Looking at our overall Hasbro P&L, gross margin, including cost of sales and program amortization,
increased 90 basis points. This improvement resulted from a reduction in program amortization as a
percent of revenue, the favorable impact of growth in Wizards and fewer closeout sales. Cost of sales
increased both in dollars and as a percentage of revenue, including higher freight costs as we spoke to
earlier this year. Freight capacity continues to be very limited and more expensive across all markets. We
have been actively managing transportation to minimize the impact. This includes using more air freight at
a higher cost than our initial plan. In addition to higher freight costs, we, like most other companies, have
seen significant increases in resin, packaging material and metal prices. We are proactively mitigating such
cost pressures with our vendors, but the trends have accelerated in recent months. We have covered this
increase year-to-date but recently communicated to our customers price increases for Hasbro toy and
game products to help further mitigate the higher input costs.

Product development increased 60 basis points, reflecting ongoing digital gaming investments. Magic
Arena on mobile was the first of several games scheduled for release this year with additional games
slated for release in future periods. Advertising declines were driven by lower promotional spend in eOne
due to lack of theatrical releases this quarter. We increased advertising spending at Wizards in support
of digital gaming launches and increased advertising in the Consumer Products segment. SD&A included
higher freight and warehousing costs, along with higher stock compensation and phased bonus expense,
partially offset by declines from cost savings and integration initiatives.

During the second quarter, based on the value allocated to the eOne Music business at purchase, we
anticipate recording a noncash pretax loss of approximately $125 million to $135 million from the sale.
This amount includes expected transaction costs.

The first quarter underlying tax rate was 19.5%. And based on currently enacted tax law, we expect our
underlying tax rate for 2021 to be approximately 21% or slightly higher, excluding the amortization of the
eOne acquisition intangibles. Other income net was $30.1 million. This includes a $25.6 million gain or
$0.19 per share from a legal settlement realized in the first quarter of this year. Adjusting for that gain,
other income was slightly lower year-over-year.
We are very pleased with the quality of the first quarter and how it positions us to deliver our plan for the
year. The team has continued to navigate the ongoing impacts of the pandemic to deliver strong results
for the business while managing the health, safety and well-being of our employees. Our plans are in
place to continue innovating, continue telling compelling stories and continue creating the experiences that
bring people together to drive our business in 2021 and beyond. Brian and I are now happy to take your
questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Ng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. I just have 2. First, could you talk a little bit more about the TV deliveries that are happening
at eOne in the second half? Any sense of major shows that should be bigger contributors to revenue?
And then second, given the strong margin performance in the quarter, could you talk about your current
expectations for EBIT margins for the full year?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Mike, on the first question, we're really seeing an array of TV series that are in production for eOne
as well as a number of films. We talked about that on our prepared remarks. And we're beginning those
deliveries, including The Rookie, Cruel Summer, which just launched on Freeform, a couple of films and
increasing television deliveries throughout the year. In fact, by Q2, we expect to see the growth that we've
been talking about. And our expectation for the full year remains the same, which is the Entertainment
business should grow double digits in revenue and return on television and film revenues to the levels that
we saw back in 2019.

As we move beyond that, as we look at long-term plans, we clearly believe in the continued growth of
eOne's business over the longer term, and we're really seeing the Hasbro IP begin to take hold. In fact,
right now, we're already on preproduction with a planned launch of production in the next few months on
the D&D, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS film. We've got TRANSFORMERS both television and film, MY LITTLE
PONY. The feature animated CG film comes out in September on Netflix. POWER RANGERS, we have both
the TV series and film that we'll talk about going to a platform very shortly. We have some great creative
stewards on a brand like Risk that will be coming in a future period. So the Hasbro IPs are being actively
developed in the television and films well under production. We do continue to use COVID protocols right
now, and we believe those will dissipate as the situation continues to get better. But we feel very good
about the Entertainment business for 2021 and beyond.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

And as far as our EBIT margins, I mean, the first quarter is generally a smaller quarter. At this point, we
don't see anything that changes our full year outlook. Our demand has been strong, and we have positive
trends in Consumer Products and whether it's in Digital Gaming business, and Brian just talked about
Entertainment. So we're confident that, that segment can continue to deliver as well. And together, we
can -- it can all deliver double-digit revenue growth for us for the year. But as we said in February, we're
targeting operating margins in line with last year's adjusted level of around 15%.

Demand has been strong and that helped support it, but the impact of freight and input cost increases has
become more pronounced over the past several months, and we do have plans in place to help mitigate
those costs, including price increases for the second half of the year, and we're actively working with our
vendors, suppliers and customers. So for the full year, our plans continue to show that we should be in line
with operating margins around last year's adjusted level of 15%.

Operator

The next question is coming from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners.

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Wonder if you could talk a little bit about the video game business at the moment, particularly MAGIC:
THE GATHERING Arena mobile launch. Maybe you could talk -- give a little bit of color about how many
downloads occurred, maybe the global representation there and how much it's potentially expanding the
funnel of players?

And then secondly, it looks like the hot new consumer product out there is NFTs. And given that you have
a lot of collectible business, have you thought much about what might make sense in the NFT business?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Let me start by talking a bit about Wizards and Digital Gaming, and we'll begin with Magic Arena.
We have really seen an acceleration of Magic Arena in the first quarter. We went to the full mobile launch
just at the end of the quarter at March 25. It's available both on Android and iOS, and Arena is up 24%
versus a year ago, where we've now seen about 3.5 billion games played collectively since the beginning
and the launch. The average per hour use and gameplay for the week is now back to trending at 9 hours
per week.

As you know, we're launching a whole array of card sets that are simultaneously for MAGIC analog and
digital. And we really saw great success in the first quarter around Kaldheim. In fact, that launch, which
was early February was the biggest winter set of all time for MAGIC, and Time Spiral was also in the
quarter, and that was also very successful.

As we move forward now with Magic Arena up on both iOS and Android, we'll be entering second quarter,
in fact, just launching in April, on the 23rd, Strixhaven, which is a brand-new world for MAGIC: THE
GATHERING; the big new card release that will come in June, Modern Horizons, will really drive Q2's
business, and there's a lot of excitement around that. And then by July, we have another release coming
for the brand. So we're really seeing an acceleration of downloads. In fact, it's as good or even better
than the team had anticipated. People are really enjoying the play. It's translated very well to the mobile
format, and we'll continue to monitor and look at what appears to be an accelerating MAGIC business.

The NFT is a real opportunity for us. As you know, we have so many brands that really operate on multiple
demographic levels, whether it's TRANSFORMERS or the MAGIC and D&D brands, brands like G.I. Joe. And
we have a team that's leading our effort out of the West Coast. We have our arms around this and see
multiple opportunities on the NFT side, and you'll hear more about that as we move forward. But we are
actively developing our opportunity here, and we do see it as substantial.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies.

Stephanie Marie Schiller Wissink
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I just had a couple of housekeeping questions. Deb, this one is for you. I think you mentioned in your
remarks on Wizards that the expense cadence is going to impact future quarters more significantly. And I
think, Brian, you mentioned Q2 was going to be the biggest quarter. Just hoping -- wondering if you can
help us think up expenses and revenues in the Wizards business.

And then, Brian, on your comments on the Entertainment business growing back to that '19 level for the
year, can you help us think about the cadence by quarter? I just want to make sure that we're thinking
through puts and takes the pro rata kind of through the balance of the year. Or is there going to be some
higher and lower quarters as we think about Q2 versus Q3 and Q4?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Sure. So I'll start, and then I'll let Deb comment on your question. So as we look at eOne throughout the
year, we've said Q2, we expect to see growth, and we're seeing our deliveries really come in. I think Q3,
that will accelerate. And then Q4, we'll see how many additional deliveries come in Q4 or whether certain

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

episodes get delivered in the first quarter of 2022. But again, for the full year, we have a plan in place that
gets us double-digit revenue growth, very robust sales. The teams executed across multiple platforms and
productions. And increasingly, Hasbro IP comes into the mix. There's a number of unscripted shows for
Hasbro IP that I didn't mention but are also underway.

And so we feel very good about that business. We had said all along that in Q1 a year ago, we were still
receiving theatrical revenues, and it happened to be a very big theatrical quarter for us. And clearly, just
given the timing of closures, we would be up against those revenues this year. And we had mentioned that
in our Investor Day as well as our first quarter conference call. So again, the team is doing an excellent
job. They are really engaged in developing Hasbro IP and delivering a whole array of very entertaining
shows and upcoming movies for the marketplace.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

As far as the cadence of Wizards, you're right, Steph, it's the varying nature of the set releases really does
impact the shipments for year-over-year trends. And the releases -- the release cadence this year gives us
an expectation that the second quarter will be the biggest quarter of the year, it's our current expectation
anyway, of the year for Wizards. So Q1 of last year had some revenues pulled forward to avoid COVID
logistical issues, but they -- obviously, they comp very well because of the strength of releases. The
momentum is there and the spring set timing will be in Q2 of this year versus Q1 of last year.

So that, with some incremental game launches in the second quarter which don't have a comp on the
digital side, that's what kind of gives us the belief of the second quarter being higher than the other
quarters. And if we look back on that business, we can see it fluctuates from time to time. And the digital
revenue, as that ramps, will have depreciation that goes with that. So while Arena, we started to have --
Arena mobile, we started to have some expense in the first quarter, you'll see a bit more of that ramping
with those digital games being developed. And that's why we continue to believe that full year operating
profit margin for that segment is expected to be more in line with the 2019 levels for the full year of
38.7% versus the 46.4% that we had last year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Berenberg Capital.

David James Beckel
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

I have 2, if I could. First one, just on Arena or MAGIC in general, I guess. Really impressive growth,
obviously, from Arena in the quarter. I'm curious, do you have the data sets capable of giving you a
holistic picture of your player base? I'm curious more specifically if that growth is coming at the expense
of tabletop or if you're actually expanding the market base and whether or not you expect mobile to
further expand the market base. That's my first question.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Sure. So in fact, you're right. The Magic Arena had historically been expanding. It's accelerating in
that effort. In fact, analog tabletop has performed incredibly well. And let me remind you that the analog
and tabletop business is performing incredibly well while people can't get together locally in their local
favorite hobby shops or local gaming shops to play the game. In fact, about a year ago, if you looked at
the hobby shops, you would have seen about 40% of global hobby shops had some capability to fulfill for
either curbside pickup or some kind of e-com.

And today, that's well over 80%, and we've tried to help foster those capabilities and building card sets
and releases that would be enabling local hobby shops to really participate. But we do expect an additional
tailwind on the analog business when we're starting to see that as markets begin to reopen and people
can begin to get back together again. So that's obviously a major contributor to people being able to play
and also the opportunity to continue to share an individual gamer's passion with new gamers to the game.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

People get invited to come along and learn how to play MAGIC all the time. So yes, it's expansive. No,
there is no cannibalization. And in fact, Magic Arena is just allowing people to play at a distance who had
never been able to reconnect with friends or family before and not necessarily be in their neighborhood.
So all-in net positive.

David James Beckel
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

That's really helpful. And just a question on the Music deal. Can you -- more housekeeping in nature. Can
you give us the net proceed amount from that deal? I realize it was sold at a loss, so maybe there's a tax
benefit. And then also what the financial impact of the divestiture will be for the -- for like on a full year
basis?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So in fact, the business was not sold at a loss. We, in fact, sold the business on a multiple basis far
over what we had paid for it. So obviously, before we or as we were acquiring eOne, we assigned certain
values to certain elements of the business, music, television, film, other goodwill, and that was back in
late 2019. And so there's a book loss, just a true-up book loss that comes as a result of the proceeds that
we received from the acquisition. But we feel very good about the sale. And it was, on a multiple basis, far
ahead of what we paid for it. I don't know if you want to comment, Deb.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

As far as the impact on the full year, it's not expected to be material. As we said, we expect the deal to
close in the second quarter -- late in the second quarter, early in the third quarter. We would expect at
that point it would reduce revenues by approximately $60 million to $70 million and maybe $15 million to
$20 million in operating profit. So not material in the second half of 2021.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS.

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I was wondering if you could comment on POS. Q1 was pretty strong across the board, helped somewhat
by Easter. But do you have any color on what POS is doing into April, now that we're comping very sort of
tough comparisons from COVID boost last year? And then I have a quick follow-up.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Well, what we've seen is continued strength. Obviously, if you look at the games business, and
I described this a bit in the remarks, our games business up until week 12 was up 30%. And then,
obviously, we hit where COVID really accelerated a year ago, and so games finished the quarter at minus
5% in POS. However, underlying POS during this period is still up 30% versus the 2019 pre-COVID level.
So we're still seeing that robust gaming demand. Secondly, our toy business POS has been incredibly
strong through this period and double digits up for -- post Q1.

The other thing that's really important to note is that this is a period of time where we can actually supply
product whereas a year ago, the POS was being generated from inventories retailers had on hand as
our games factories in Massachusetts and Ireland had been closed for 8 weeks. So we now were able to
supply demand. We weren't able to supply a year ago. And similarly, supply chain disruptions had caused
us to be unable to supply product during Q2 last year. Despite good strong POS, it was really coming from
inventories on hand more than our ability to replenish. So we're seeing Q2 shape up quite well from a
demand perspective.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

And also early on, I'll comment from a shipments perspective. We are really seeing continued strength
around the product categories. Growth in our franchise brands has really been robust around the world. In
North America, Franchise Brands in Q1 grew 37%. We're really seeing our Partner Brands grow, our e-com
POS was up 34% in the first quarter with even higher numbers for several brands. Disney Princess was
incredibly strong with POS up more than 60% in the first quarter, and that's continuing as the team has
launched a whole array of new innovative products. So again, it's going to be a bit of a strange comparison
on POS in Q2 as compared to a year ago. But the ability to supply product against real demand is very
evident, and we're executing on that.

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

That's super helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. Have your expectations changed at all for what
volume under PEPPA and PJ you could sort of vertically integrate in the second half of the year?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

No. In fact, I would say we're as confident or even more confident. The teams have done an incredible
job of working with our global retailers and selling in an array of new really inventive product. Season 9 of
PEPPA is really proceeding. There's a whole lot of new content coming, and I don't want to give anything
away to the fans, but including a trip to the United States for the family and a lot of product around all of
that. And the play patterns are really -- it's just so cute and inventive. So no, we feel very good. PEPPA
and PJ both will have around 50 SKUs each this holiday. And then we'll continue to accelerate in 2022 as
we have new products coming in that year as well.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan.

Tami Zakaria
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So my first question is, do you still expect advertising expense to be 9% to 9.5% for the year, given the
first quarter was light? And how should we think about this line for the rest of the year?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Tami, I think we do still expect advertising to be right around that 8% to 9% of revenue level. It was light
in the first quarter, not because of Consumer Products and Wizards and Digital Gaming because we had
increased advertising in those particular segments. It really was because of Entertainment and not having
the theatrical launches that we had a year ago when we were out promoting those lines. So that's really
why you're seeing the impact. But for a full year basis, we still expect it to be in that 8% to 9% of revenue
range.

Tami Zakaria
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. 8% to 9%, got it. That's very helpful. And then along the same lines, I think your cost of sales,
excluding production cost amortization, saw about 220 basis points of deleverage in the first quarter. Do
you expect that trend to continue for the rest of the year? Or should it be lower given you have announced
price increases to your clients, consumers?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we did see that impact, you're correct, in the first quarter. And to date, we've been able to
mitigate and absorb the increases that you're seeing in freight there as well as the product costs, but they
have become more pronounced. But in addition to our efforts, we do have to increase prices, in fact, in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

the second half of the year to help mitigate those rising costs. So as of right now, with blending all of that
together, we do expect that we should be able to mitigate those increases at present.

Tami Zakaria
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. So the first quarter is really sort of the trough, that's the highest headwind you probably saw, and
it should get better throughout the rest of the year. Is that how we should be thinking about it?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

I think we're seeing continued pressures, but we have plans to mitigate with price increases in the second
half of the year.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel.

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Brian, as it relates to Consumer Products, do you have any insight into how retailers are planning the
holiday shopping season this year? It seemed to start much earlier last year. Are you anticipating a similar
shape this year? Or do we return to pre-COVID-19 behavior on the part of retailers? And then separately
for Deb, in the press release last night, you mentioned plans to accelerate deleveraging with the sale of
the Music business. Can you give a little more detail around that?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Sure. What we're seeing around the world, and we were -- it's really great to see the growth in every
region around the world for the Consumer Products business, including a real return to growth in Europe,
in Asia Pacific and Latin America in addition to very strong growth in demand in the U.S. As we look at our
retailers' plans, it's clear that these are categories that are important -- increasingly important to retail.
The growth and robust sales increases we're seeing across our business are really important again to the
consumer. So what we're going to see, we believe, is a number of very big promotional windows that will
occur in the summertime.

A few of our major retailers are already lining up around those kinds of plans, and then additional
opportunities and big promotional windows occurring at the beginning of Q4. So I would say it's multiple
at best for big promotional windows that will begin early but also continue and accelerate during Q4, so
the holiday period. And we're seeing that from several different categories of retailing and our major
retailers.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Right. As far as the net proceeds, as we said, we expect the deal to close late in the second quarter,
perhaps early in the third quarter. And we do anticipate using the proceeds to delever. As you recall, we
structured the debt at the eOne deal, so we could prepay several components of it with no penalties. And
our expectation is that we will -- you will see something likely around that time frame or shortly thereafter.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I have 2 questions. I promise to be quick. First, you mentioned that retail inventory is down in most
markets. Where was it up, and by how much and why? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Retail inventory is up a little bit with our Wizards business, and it's up a little bit in our games
business, but these are very, very small increases. I would say, overall, inventory is either kind of in line
with a year ago or slightly below. And it's just where we have increasing demand and sales.

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Got you. And just to clarify, last time you said that all 3 segments were expected to grow revenue,
adjusted operating income and adjusted EBITDA. Is that still the case?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

It is. In fact, performance in the first quarter makes us even more confident in our ability to execute a
very good year, and the team is performing at a very high level. So yes, we feel very confident about the
guidance that we had provided earlier this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research.

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

I just wanted to follow up on Brian's restocking comments. Are you comfortable with where retail
inventories are overall today? Or are you seeing POS constrained in any way as a result of channel
inventories?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

No. I think we're feeling pretty good about inventories. And in fact, I think it should continue to drive e-
com and omni sales, and we talked about it being up 70% in the quarter. That's just -- that will reflect a
bit of a mix shift in weak supply of inventory on the margin. And so you're just seeing us continue to hone
the inventories for the channel, continuing to use really good techniques in how we restock our -- using
flex warehouse space for our online and omni retailers and be as efficient as possible while still fulfilling
demand.

And in fact, we're lining up against the continued strong demand in Q2, a lot of new initiatives coming
throughout the year. In fact, we're really excited about the number of new initiatives we have coming for
the remainder of the year that run the gamut across a multitude of our brands. We talked about some of
the NERF new initiatives and new initiatives coming in action around a couple of new films, G.I. Joe, MY
LITTLE PONY. And so again, we're lining up those inventories for those major initiatives.

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

And then just on the games POS, is that 30% growth rate versus 2019 a good 2-year expectation as we
move through the year? Or is there something that could cause that to change?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. The team's really got an array of new games that are coming. We have really robust plans. In fact,
already year-to-date, we have the #1 new game in the marketplace according to NPD, which is the
Foosketball, and it's been really well received. We have a number of new games in MONOPOLY and several
new original games coming as well. So very strong plans for games for the year. Obviously, in Q2 and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

during this like 8-, 12-week period, we have a bit of a flip on POS. But as I said, the underlying demand
remains quite strong and plans for the year really look good.

Operator

Next question is from the line of Devin Brisco with Bank of America.

Devin MacArthur Brisco
BofA Securities, Research Division

Could you talk through the puts and takes for Partner Brands, given you're still able to grow revenue
despite tough comps in the quarter? Could that segment grow more in line with your core business for the
full year, just given increased Disney+ adoption and new series like The Falcon and the Winter Soldier?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Well, you're right. There's a lot of excitement and major initiatives coming from the partnership with
The Walt Disney Company. Clearly, Disney+ has an array of new content lined up. Falcon and the Winter
Soldier began to ship in end of Q1, but it's really a Q2 initiative. And we're seeing incredible growth in
the Star Wars business, incredible growth in POS. Disney Princess, I mentioned earlier, has really strong
shipments as well as more than 60% increase in POS.

And then Marvel, very strong around Spider-Man but also we'll launch product for a number of films this
year, including Black Widow and Chengxi. We'll have some product for Venom. And then Eternals, which
comes later in the year, is going to be a major initiative for us. So again -- and then the Spider-Man
movie that comes at the end of the year. So against those 3 major brands, we're certainly driving a lot of
innovation and product for both Disney+ initiatives as well as the film initiatives.

Devin MacArthur Brisco
BofA Securities, Research Division

That's helpful. And related to eOne, Sony recently just signed deals with Netflix and Disney, were $3 billion
combined, which is really unprecedented. And I know you recently signed output deals in the U.K. and
Ireland to Sky. But I was hoping to get your thoughts on that deal and the implications for eOne, just in
terms of how you're thinking about investment in that business and potential for more output deals in the
future.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, look, what's great about where we are is that eOne has historically been an organization that's
been very effective in building incredible content in a risk-mitigated way and selling to any number of
partners, great relationships across the board with the OTT platforms, from Netflix to Amazon to Apple
to others. We have shows on the air with all of these different outlets and then, of course, as well with
broadcasters, terrestrial and satellite around the world.

We continue to look at how we put Hasbro IP in the market. There's a very strong demand for world-
class IP, and Hasbro has an array of it. We're working, as I mentioned, on a number of brands, and we're
starting to see the traction around brands like MY LITTLE PONY, which we talked about is on Netflix in
September; TRANSFORMERS, new TV series going on another platforms; our film coming next year
in partnership with Paramount. And then Power Rangers, you'll hear more about it, but we've been
developing that, and we expect shortly to be able to talk about the brand, new content for the brand that
will go after a multitude of audiences that will be on a streaming platform.

So again, a very good position for the company, and we look at all of our opportunities. But you're right,
we've entered an era where there's unprecedented spending on content and an unprecedented desire for
great brands with great story, and eOne is expert at that.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Our final question comes from the line of Shawn Collins with Citigroup.

Shawn Michael Collins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

My question is on the sale of the eOne Music business. I'm just wondering, was this an alternative that
you had planned on before the eOne acquisition in the summer of 2019? You certainly got a healthy deal
multiple, 3.2x revenue. Or was this more of an opportunistic sale given a very healthy deal market? Any
color would be interesting.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Well, I'll comment and let Deb comment. Look, we -- from very early on, we received a lot of interest in
the business. As soon as it was announced, if you remember the headlines around all the different music
labels that eOne had as well, juxtapose to some of our brands, and it was really a lot of conversation
and a lot of interest. We ran a very robust process. We had a number of parties, more than 10 parties
interested in the business during the process. And ultimately, we think we found the right partnership.
The team is really well positioned with the buyer and this opportunity. We'll continue to work with them
on several brands for music supervision and some of our music for a number of years because they are so
good at what they do. And again, it was a really robust process. It wasn't that we were contemplating a
sale, but we certainly had the interest from the very beginning.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Right. And as Brian said, we just -- for us, it's about continuing to focus on really the core strategic
elements of the acquisition and how they fit into our Brand Blueprint to continue driving our company to
get results like the double-digit revenue growth that we expect for this year. So go forward, we think their
music business is a great team. They're in a great place. We look forward to working with them, and we
look forward to continue growing Hasbro as a great play and entertainment company.

Operator

Thank you. At this time, I'll turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.

Debbie Hancock
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our
website in approximately 2 hours. Management's prepared remarks will also be posted on our website
following this call. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank
you for your participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HASBRO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

