Hasbro, Inc. NasdaqGS:HAS
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 26, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.70

1.96

Revenue  (mm)

1969.19

1970.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2021 1:02 PM GMT

15.29

0.04

1.48

4.77

5.27

1831.30

6150.80

6630.43

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.14

0.64

0.47

1.70

1.27

1.00

1.05

1.96

11.40 %

56.25 %

123.40 %

15.29 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Chris Cocks
President

Darren Dennis Throop
CEO, President & Director

Debbie Hancock
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Eric C. Nyman
COO of Hasbro Consumer Products
& Chief Consumer Officer

Richard S. Stoddart
Interim CEO & Lead Independent
Director

ANALYSTS

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Michael Ng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alok Patel
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Stephanie Marie Schiller
Wissink
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research
Division

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. Welcome to the Hasbro Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions]

Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Debbie Hancock
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Rich Stoddart, Hasbro's Interim Chief Executive
Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer.

Today, we will begin with Rich and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance, then we
will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our
investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments
and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude
these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press
release and presentation.

Our discussion will be based on adjusted results, which exclude several items associated with the eOne
acquisition outlined in our release today. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS,
we are referring to earnings per diluted share.

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session
that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning
management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations
expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual
report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures.
We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or
circumstances occurring after the date of this call.

I would now like to introduce Rich Stoddart. Rich?

Richard S. Stoddart
Interim CEO & Lead Independent Director

Thank you, Debbie, and welcome to everyone joining us today. I'm Rich Stoddart, Interim CEO at Hasbro.
Before we officially begin the remarks on the call today, I want to take a moment to reflect on the passing
of our beloved leader and friend, Brian Goldner. I know many of you share in our sadness for his untimely
passing. Brian was not only an accomplished CEO, he was a true visionary who transformed an almost
100-year-old toy and game company into a leading global play and entertainment company, but his
impact can be felt well beyond Hasbro. He changed the game completely. He believed in the power
of a story, seeing the potential for omnichannel storytelling and content built on powerful brands. He
architected a compelling road map for Hasbro's growth in the Brand Blueprint strategy, and was so proud
of where it has taken Hasbro, but even more so in its power and future potential now with eOne as an
integrated part of the family.

I had the privilege to work together with Brian and the Hasbro team for the last 7 years, and serve on the
company Board, most recently as Lead Independent Director. During that time, the company transformed
its talent, its culture, its brands and its potential as it executed the Brand Blueprint. In my new role as
interim CEO, I will continue to work with a talented leadership team Brian put in place over the last 13

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

years, along with the powerful culture at Hasbro to supercharge the Blueprint and build on the company's
strong momentum.

Hasbro is performing at a high level and with a clear, well-understood strategy. To ensure our success
continues, I will be focused on 5 key priorities: supporting the amazing people at Hasbro; ensuring
they have what they need to succeed while advancing our purpose-driven culture; executing the Brand
Blueprint. This strategy is central to continuing Hasbro's transformation as a global play and entertainment
company. We are beginning to see the full Blueprint execution come to life with significant potential to
grow revenue and profit in the years ahead. Accelerating the growth of our Entertainment and Wizards of
the Coast businesses, where we have unique and distinct advantages in the market and a differentiated
business model relative to our competitors. Delivering the guidance established for the year while helping
the organization manage through supply chain challenges and continuing to drive strong cash generation
in the business to pay down debt and fund the dividend.

This should sound familiar to many of you as it is what the leadership team has been focused on as
well. It's fitting that the strong third quarter results reflect the power of the Blueprint with significant
growth in Entertainment as it returns to pre-pandemic levels, with another strong quarter in both tabletop
and Digital Gaming from Wizards of the Coast, and with only a small decline in our Consumer Products
business as we work to meet robust demand for Hasbro brands despite supply chain disruption.

The diversification of the business enabled us to deliver a very strong quarter with 11% revenue growth,
6% adjusted operating profit growth, 5% gains in adjusted EBITDA and earnings and to generate
significant cash. Deb will speak shortly in more detail to the third quarter performance.

A clear proof point of the Brand Blueprint strategy and the omnichannel storytelling opportunity for
our brands is in the success of the CGI animated feature, MY LITTLE PONY: A New Generation, which
debuted on Netflix September 24. In its first weekend, the movie reached #1 on Netflix in the kid's top
10 across 86 countries. It also reached the #1 spot for movies regardless of genre or target demo in 20
countries, including the U.K., Germany, Brazil and Mexico. The success of the film was made possible by
the collaboration and partnership of the talented brand teams at Hasbro with the teams at eOne, who
together created a beautiful engaging film for fans around the world to enjoy. The film's success is also
a testament to their agility to successfully market and launch a picture originally planned for theatrical
release on a streaming platform. The movie's success builds deeper connections with consumers, driving
incredible engagement on social media across Instagram and TikTok.

The brand's relaunch powered by an all-new main 5 cast of ponies drove revenue growth for the franchise
for the second straight quarter and the first positive quarter since the fourth quarter of 2017. Third
quarter point-of-sale momentum began to rebound as the merchandise tied to the brand introduction
and movie began to hit shelves. In the 4 weeks leading up to the movie, POS was up mid-single digits
globally, and the week following the movie resulted in global POS gains of more than 150%. This trend has
remained very strong in the weeks following.

The movie launch was further supported with a robust licensing program, including a dedicated MY LITTLE
PONY shop on Amazon and cross-category campaigns at several major global retailers. We've seen a
favorable response from retailers and consumers, and the entertainment plan is only beginning as we are
supporting the film with a robust content road map from eOne, including Netflix specials and new series as
well as digital content in the coming year.

Another significant milestone this quarter was the launch of Hasbro's PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS toy and
games lines in markets around the world. Brought into the Hasbro portfolio via the eOne acquisition,
these brands significantly strengthened Hasbro's presence in the preschool market. We developed deep
lines for each brand as well as expanding their licensed consumer products presence. Each of these
launches are off to strong starts and contributed to growth in the quarter. But they, among many other
brand campaigns, were limited in their upside in the short term due to the supply chain challenges global
companies are facing. In the third quarter, we had orders for approximately $100 million, which did not
shift by quarter end. The vast majority of this has already been delivered in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

These factors were more than offset by the contribution of our Entertainment business, which is up
substantially versus last year's third quarter, and up versus 2019, as well as the continuing momentum
in the Wizards of the Coast business. Through our differentiated strategy, they delivered the revenue and
profit growth for the quarter.

As we look to the fourth quarter and the holiday season, there is strong demand for Hasbro toys and
games. We are expertly managing the supply chain to ensure the shelves will be filled with Hasbro
products this holiday. As a result, we believe we will grow revenue in the fourth quarter through the
combination of our 3 business segments, and deliver full year double-digit revenue growth in the range
of 13% to 16%, along with adjusted operating profit margins in line with last year's adjusted rate of
approximately 15%.

Before turning the call to Deb, I want to touch briefly on the plan for naming a permanent CEO. Our Board
is and always has been actively engaged in succession planning for the CEO and other senior executive
roles. This work provides a strong foundation for the naming of a new long-term leader for Hasbro and
is well underway. Until that time, I am working closely with the outstanding group of talented individuals
making up our senior management team.

In addition to Deb, joining me today for the Q&A portion, we have Chris Cocks, President and COO
of Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming; Eric Nyman, Chief Consumer Officer and COO of Hasbro
Consumer Products; and Darren Throop, CEO of eOne.

Now I'll turn the call over to Deb. Deb?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Hasbro employees globally, I would like to thank Rich for stepping
up at this time for us, our Board, our shareholders and our company. The past couple of weeks have been
difficult for all of us at Hasbro. Brian is missed, but the impact he made is unmistakable. We heard from so
many of you remarking on Brian's leadership and your positive personal interactions with him. Thank you
for sharing these memories with us. .

Brian empowered me and the executive team to run Hasbro, and together we are, and will continue
doing that. Brian was proud of our third quarter results. They showcased the strength of Hasbro's
unique business model with growth in Entertainment and at Wizards in both tabletop and digital gaming.
Our results also show the strength of our global teams as they expertly manage through supply chain
disruptions, and position us for growth in the fourth quarter and for the year. Brian believed, as we do,
in investing to grow to unlock Hasbro's full potential and create value for our shareholders. Our priorities
remain the same, and we are executing against those priorities.

The quarter highlighted our focus on delevering our balance sheet as we repaid an additional $400 million
of debt, bringing our year-to-date total to $972.5 million of long-term debt retired. We also paid the
dividend, which has been maintained following the eOne acquisition and throughout the pandemic. At
quarter end, cash on hand was $1.2 billion, and we continue to make significant progress toward our goal
of returning to our target of 2 to 2.5x debt to EBITDA and maintaining our investment-grade rating.

For the quarter, revenue grew 11% versus last year and 6% versus pro forma 2019. MAGIC: THE
GATHERING, MY LITTLE PONY, PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS were among our largest revenue gaining
properties globally in the quarter, further supported by significant Entertainment deliveries. These
include MY LITTLE PONY: A New Generation for Netflix, Yellowjackets for showtime; Fear the Walking
Dead for international markets; Come from Away and Finch for Apple TV as well as The Rookie for ABC.
Entertainment segment revenues grew 76%, with gains in scripted and unscripted television, live action
and animated film, and animated content.

This performance has us well on the way to reach 2019 levels of Entertainment revenue for the full year,
excluding the music business over the second half of the year. The segment delivered adjusted operating
profit of $42.1 million or 12.9% operating profit margin, up from an adjusted loss of $3.6 million last year.
We're developing over 200 projects across film and TV, including content for over 30 Hasbro brands for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

the coming years. Year-to-date through September, we've invested approximately $526 million in content
development, and continue to anticipate a full year spend range of $675 million to $750 million.

For the fourth quarter, we have significant deliveries planned including Graymail, a new scripted program
for Netflix; additional episodes of The Rookie and Yellowjackets, and the films [ Clifford the Big Red Dog
and Mrs. Harris Goes to Paris.

Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming segment revenues increased 32%. Wizards had a great third
quarter, and we expect the business to deliver its goal of doubling from its 2018 revenue by the end of
2021, 2 years ahead of plan.

MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS led this growth, both in the quarter and over the
past few years, with gains in both tabletop and digital gaming revenues. It was the second largest quarter
in Wizards' history behind only Q2 of this year. Among the MAGIC releases in the quarter, our third quarter
premier set, Adventures in the Forgotten Realms, launched July 23, and became our first co-branded
premier set. Fans of both MAGIC and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS embrace the product, and it's on track to
be our best selling summer release of all time.

Importantly, our digital investments are driving revenue growth. MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena Mobile
continues to grow. It's a meaningful source of new players, and our leases were bolstered by their
engagement in the game.

Our licensed Digital Gaming business also delivered strong growth in the quarter. Operating profit in the
segment increased on the higher revenues. Investments in future game development and support of new
game launches as well as increased digital gaming depreciation reduced operating profit margin from last
year.

Consumer Products revenue declined 3%. There is strong demand for our brands, but we were unable
to fulfill approximately $100 million of product we had orders for during the quarter. Including these
missed shipments, revenue would have increased 5%. In September, we shipped the most volume ever
domestically in a single month. And through today, we've shipped the majority of what we didn't deliver
in the third quarter. This achievement is remarkable given it was accomplished in the middle of a global
pandemic, with unprecedented supply chain challenges across the globe.

As we shared last quarter, we took steps early to mitigate risk, including activating alternate ports in China
and the U.S., expanding our shipping capacity, working closely with customers to provide support where
we can, and prioritize supply based on inventory and customer needs, and, in certain instances, using air
freight to ensure delivery. The team has done an amazing job and continues to work nonstop.

Global point of sale declined mid-single digits. As we improve our in-stock levels and see the effects of a
significant increase in advertising spend and [ auto vile ] execution, we expect significant improvement.

Within Consumer Products, Hasbro Gaming revenues grew in the quarter, led by demand across our
gaming portfolio, and Emerging Brands revenue was up, fueled by our toy and game launches of PEPPA
PIG and PJ MASKS. In our franchise brands, Rich already spoke to the success of MY LITTLE PONY, and
how this positions us well in the relaunch of the brand. TRANSFORMERS' revenue increased in the quarter.
The final chapter of the War for Cybertron Trilogy launched July 29 on Netflix, driving continued demand
in our generation fan product. We also celebrated a new milestone for the TRANSFORMERS franchise when
Universal Studios, Beijing, opened TRANSFORMERS Metro base, the first-ever TRANSFORMERS themed
land. In partnership with Paramount production on TRANSFORMERS, Rise of The Beast continues for
theatrical release next summer.

Partner Brand revenue declined, but Hasbro products for the Marvel portfolio grew, including Marvel
Legends and the new preschool product line launch supporting Spidey and His Amazing Friends. We also
introduced new products to support Marvel Studios Disney+ Series, and the theatrical release of Marvel
Studios, Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings. Ghostbusters revenue increased with the primary
launch of the toy line in August for the feature film Ghostbusters: Afterlife from Sony Pictures coming to
theaters November 19.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Operating profit for the Consumer Products segment decreased $15.8 million, reflecting the lower revenue
and incremental expense for freight and related costs. Price increases to mitigate the higher expenses in
shipping and input costs went into effect in most markets in August, and will be fully implemented for the
fourth quarter.

Looking at our overall Hasbro P&L, gross margin, including cost of sales and program amortization
declined 130 basis points. This reflected essentially flat cost of sales dollars. Given favorable mix and
growth in Entertainment, cost of sales declined 340 basis points as a percent of revenue. The robust
Entertainment revenue growth drove an associated increase in program amortization of 470 basis points.
Product development increased $17 million led by incremental investments in future tabletop and digital
games at Wizards and our ongoing commitment to innovation across the business.

Advertising expense increased $26 million, including promotional activity and support of the MY LITTLE
PONY movie and advertising behind new Wizards game launches. We have aggressive advertising plans for
this holiday season, shifting more dollars this year into the fourth quarter to drive point of sale. We will,
however, closely match this expense with inventory availability.

Adjusted SG&A increased $35 million, and continues to reflect higher expenses as the business returns to
pre-COVID levels. This includes higher freight costs, incremental marketing and sales expense, increased
depreciation associated with capitalized digital games and increased compensation. Despite these higher
expenses, SG&A remained flat as a percentage of revenue. The adjusted underlying tax rate for the
quarter was 23.4% compared to 19.9% a year ago. The rate is mainly driven by a change in the mix of
income. We continue to expect the full year underlying rate to remain at approximately 21%.

Our balance sheet is strong. In addition to our cash position and lower debt, DSOs were 68 days, a
reduction of 5 days compared to Q3 2020, reflecting both higher revenue and good collections despite
shipping a large volume of product late in the quarter.

Inventory increased slightly year-over-year but declined absent FX. At quarter end, we have lessened
finished goods on hand than typical and significantly more in-transit inventory. In general, total transit
times have nearly doubled across all lanes. And on certain lanes, transit times are as much as 50 days
longer compared to pre-pandemic levels.

Our strong third quarter and year-to-date performance has us on track to meet our guidance for double-
digit revenue growth, which we now are expecting in the range of 13% to 16% for the full year and
maintaining an adjusted operating margin of approximately 15%.

We have orders to support the high end of the revenue growth range but there are supply chain factors
out of our control, which could impact our ability to fully achieve the upside.
I am incredibly proud of how the organization has come together this year. Despite many obstacles, our
results showcase the strength of our business, our strategy and our team. Our leadership team is now
happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And our first question is coming from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies.

Stephanie Marie Schiller Wissink
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I just want to start by saying for those of us on this side of the call. Brian's absence and his voice has
really felt today. So it was a privilege to know him, and our sympathies are with all of you and his family.

Rich, my question is for you. It's a question we're getting most from stakeholders right now, which is, can
you share a little bit more about the search in terms of characteristics, background? As you think about
the Blueprint, who is the type of individual that you're looking for to really guide the next few years of
growth for the company?

Richard S. Stoddart
Interim CEO & Lead Independent Director

Thanks, Steph. And I have to say how much we appreciate your sentiments. Brian didn't just touch
Hasbro. He touched a lot of people in the world. And -- so thank you for that.

So as I said in my remarks, the search for the permanent CEO is not something that is just beginning now.
The Board is and always has been thinking about succession as a matter, of course. It is a responsibility
of the Board to think through. And that work that they've been doing, I think, provides a very strong
foundation for the naming of a new long-term CEO, and that process is well underway.

I will say the commitment and belief in the Brand Blueprint as the strategy for Hasbro go forward is
greater than it's ever been. I think what you saw in this quarter is just the beginning of the potential of
the Blueprint to drive this company forward. I'll say -- use of Brian isn't, I guess right now to say this is
not a point of arrival for Hasbro -- or it's not a point of departure for Hasbro, it's a point of -- sorry, not a
point of arrival but a point of departure, right? This is the beginning of the Blueprint proving itself out in
the world. And so I think the characteristics of a leader are, a, a fantastic leader who believes in this team
and this company and this culture to take it forward, and b, someone who can continue to expand on the
blueprint and drive that vision forward.

Stephanie Marie Schiller Wissink
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Deb, could I put out a follow-up question for you on the guidance. I'm just getting a few e-mails this
morning on what's built into your operating margin target from a cost and pricing perspective in the fourth
quarter? Have you taken a similarly conservative approach as you did to the sales guidance?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Steph. I appreciate the question. No absolutely, as we said, we have orders on hand to meet
the top end of our guidance range for revenue, but we're feeling the cost pressures that the rest of the
industry is feeling. And we are also feeling the supply chain pressures that the rest of the world is facing
right now. It's funny, I went to buy something at the grocery store the other day and the shelf was empty.
And I'm like, okay, I'm not going to fell for another brand. I'll just go with that for now. But the important
thing is we've got everything in place, so there will be Hasbro toys and games on the shelves this holiday
season.

The team has put a lot of process in place, some of which includes air freight. Our air freight expense was
much higher in the third quarter than it typically is, and we do expect it to be higher in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

We don't intend to take additional price increases this year. So what we have built in is what -- is there to
cover our costs. So overall, we still are in firm belief that we can hit our guidance of double-digit revenue
growth at 13% to 16%. We have orders for the high end, but some things will be beyond our control. And
we believe that we can achieve operating profit levels in line with last year for the full year as well.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler from MKM Partners.

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

I wonder if we could talk a little bit about MAGIC: THE GATHERING, and curious if you'd be able to give
us maybe a little insight into sort of the balance of revenue between physical play and digital play. What's
been the impact on, let's say, daily average users now that mobile is -- has had time to ramp up a little
bit?

Richard S. Stoddart
Interim CEO & Lead Independent Director

Yes. Thanks for the question, Eric. So I know this is a question you've been poking at in the past. And I
want to reiterate what I think the team has been saying in the past, which is that these -- the mobile and
digital gaming and tabletop gaming are neither cannibalistic nor separate. They really are an ecosystem
that mutually supports it. So we are continuing to grow MAGIC Arena. The mobile platform is a critical
source of new users for MAGIC Arena. And at the same time, tabletop is increasing as well. And I think
what you're seeing is the power of that expanded omnichannel experience.

Maybe though, Chris, I'll just ask you if you want to comment any further on Eric's question?

Chris Cocks
President

Sure. Thanks, Rich. Hi, Eric. Yes, the MAGIC business had a very strong Q3, and has overall, had a very
strong 2021. By the end of Q3, in fact, MAGIC is already bigger this year than it was in all of 2020, which
was a record year for us. Arena is a major contributor to that. Mobile has been a terrific source of new
users for the brand, and we see a very healthy crossover between users who come on board digitally,
who migrate to tabletop, and likewise, tabletop players who want to play some more MAGIC and play,
both on mobile and PC. And so I think the combination of those factors plus the segmentation we've been
driving in our business has done an excellent job in terms of growing our overall user base, enhancing our
engagement with fans and driving our average revenue per user.

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

Great. And just as a follow-up. I know during the pandemic, a number of hobby stores were closed, e-
commerce was beneficial for selling physical sets. I'm curious now that hobby stores are fully reopened,
we're seeing more in-store tournaments, are you starting to see an oversized rebound with the physical
sets at all? .

Richard S. Stoddart
Interim CEO & Lead Independent Director

Chris, do you want to take that?

Chris Cocks
President

Great. Yes, sure. Yes, we were very impressed with our hobby channel partners and how they rallied
with the realities of the pandemic. Prior to April of 2020, only about 35% of our hobby stores offered any
kind of online solution or curbside solution. And over the last 18 months, we now have over 80% of them
offering their wares online, and as a [ trip side ] solution.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

And so our overall mix of business has actually stayed remarkably similar during the overall pandemic.
Hobby has grown. Our online and e-commerce partners have grown, and our mass partners have also
grown. And I think it's a testament to kind of like the strong foundation that is underlying both the MAGIC
business as well as the D&D business and our ability to partner with all those partners across different
channel mixes.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS.

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Please accept our heartfelt condolences. We were very saddened by Brian's passing. He will be very much
missed.

To follow up on earlier question, even top end of guidance for Q4 would imply perhaps less than 10%
operating profit margin. First, is my calculation correct? And I know there are some moving parts like
Prime Day comps and MAGIC card release sort of cadence. But could you perhaps spend a few minutes
going over kind of puts and takes? I know, Deb, you answered a good chunk of it already. But if you could
sort of size it for us, that would be great. And I have a quick follow-up.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Well, we talked a lot about the product that we have to deliver. And as a matter of fact, the $100
million that shifted from Q3 into Q4 we talked about, most of that's already been delivered. And in fact,
if you look at just our inventory, never mind retail inventory, 40% of our inventory balance at the end
of the quarter was in transit. So that's here now, and we can ship that. So we're very excited about
the opportunity. We have plenty of things on the water. We are going to continue to use air freight for
the quarter, and the team has done a terrific job, actually making sure that we will have full shelves of
products, Hasbro toys and games for the holiday season.

That being said, some of that costs a bit more. And we've also talked a bit about advertising. It's very
important that the consumer comes and takes away that product. So in an effort to make sure that the
POS is there that we're reaching the consumer will have higher advertising expense in the quarter as well.
So some of the puts and takes, some of the costs are going to be a bit higher which is why we said we
believe our overall gross margin will be more in line with 2019 -- pro forma 2019 than 2020 because of
the excellent deliveries that we expect on the Entertainment side, the good mix from our Wizards of the
Coast business, but also our Consumer Products business, which does have some pressures on the cost
side as well.

So all of those things brought together, which is the beauty of our portfolio, and our advanced business
strategy. We have 3 businesses that work together that are going to allow us to achieve that revenue
growth and operating profit margins that are in line with a year ago at about 15%. That being said, we
also believe in our medium-term guidance that there is no inherent reason why we can't have operating
profit margins over 16%. And we're well on our way to managing that. We're just dealing with some short-
term issues that the rest of the world are dealing with as well.

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Right. Right. Are you able to share what percentage of your volume you expect to go through direct
imports in Q4? If not, no problem.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

So overall, our direct import business, we do expect it will be around similar levels to a year ago. I will say
with the supply chain issues that the world is facing, our customers aren't immune to that as well. And

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

we've been working very closely with them to ensure they have the product they need on shelves at the
right time. As a matter of fact, partnering with them, if we can get containers and they can't, for example.
So overall, I think our direct import business may be down a tick from a year ago, but overall in line, not
significantly different. .

Operator

Next question is coming from the line of Jamie Katz of Morningstar.

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

And just want to echo the condolences that have already been sent to the team. But I'm hoping you
can comment on capital allocation, particularly the continued reduction of debt and the walk back to
investment grade. Is there an ability now to get back to that investment-grade target faster than originally
planned, that 3 to 4 years?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Jamie. Yes. So we're really proud that we're an investment-grade company, and we've maintained
our investment-grade status even after the acquisition of eOne. It's been very important to us, and we've
worked very closely with the rating agencies to make sure they know our plans and how we're stepping
along the way.

Our capital allocation priorities really are the same. First and foremost, we invest in our own business. You
see that in the growth in Entertainment this quarter. You see it in the growth in Wizards. You see it behind
all the wonderful innovation in our Consumer Products business. So we do believe in investing in ourselves
first. Beyond that, we are committed to getting back to the 2 to 2.5x debt-to-EBITDA. Right now, that is
the right place for us.

We believe that lets us keep investing for the future and continuing the growth trajectory that Hasbro
has been on. And then thirdly, we will return excess cash to our shareholders. We have had maintained
our dividend even after the acquisition of eOne. We maintained our dividend throughout the pandemic.
That's important to us and to our Board as well. So we continue to have our capital allocation strategy to
be consistent with the way it's been in the past. And we are proud to be an investment-grade company.

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

I'm sorry, I misspoke. I meant to say the leverage target rather than investment grade. And then are
there any idiosyncrasies we can be -- we should be aware of on the cadence of spend for programming
over the next few quarters that could help us think through how that cost metric might change?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

So from a spend standpoint, we still expect to be between the $600 million and $750 million for the full
year this year, probably a little bit closer to the high end, if you look at where we're sitting this year. And
as you know, that spend will translate to revenue in future years. So -- and some this year as well. We've
got great deliveries planned for the fourth quarter. And maybe, Darren, you could talk a little bit about
some of the deliveries and what we have planned for 2022?

Darren Dennis Throop
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Deb. Thanks. Yes, through the fourth quarter, as was mentioned, we've got more deliveries
coming for The Rookie Season 4. We've got Yellowjackets deliveries through this quarter. We've got the
second season of Moonshine delivery. We've got lots of children's animation product delivery, PEPPA

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Season 9. We've got Clifford the Big Red Dog coming to theaters in November. So we've got a lot of
activity delivering a lot of the programming that we've been producing throughout this year.

As we roll into 2022, we see strong cadence of continued production, both on returning series, but also
on new series. Obviously, since the acquisition, we've been really working hard on Hasbro content. I
think it was mentioned before in the call, there's over 30 brands in development, and there's multiple
entertainment streams being developed against those brands. Meaning in some regards, like for
TRANSFORMERS, for instance, we've got a feature film in production. We've also got animated content
coming and other programs planned for TRANSFORMERS, and you'll see that across the entire Hasbro
portfolio.

So a lot planned for the fourth quarter, but 2022 looks to be a very, very strong year coming as well. And
you'll see those deliveries, as Deb said, supporting that investment in content spend through 2021 and
2022.

Operator

Next question is from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research.

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Deb, I just wanted to follow up on your commentary about the medium-term operating margin getting
back to over 16%. When you look at a lot of what you've dealt with this year in terms of the input costs,
how are you viewing those as far as transitory versus structural? And what do you think that means for
pricing going forward? Could we need to price a little bit more over the next few years to offset that? How
does that all shake out for that margin trajectory going forward?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Fred, you're right. Everyone -- the whole world, I think, is seeing input costs going up right now. Trends
have been good lately. We've seen them coming down a bit in the last short period. However, the beauty
of our Consumer Products product line is -- a lot of that product line is new every single year. So we can
engineer our product to hit certain price points.

That being said, we do believe that there's going to be that group of cost inflation we've seen is going to
continue for a period of time. Looking at inflation, we're dealing in inflationary markets in most places.
And again, I'll go back to what I could find on the shelves at the grocery store was more expensive, right?
So it's a matter of, I think, the -- all industries are facing a bit of this right now. But we do have the
opportunity to reinvent our product line -- the majority of our product line every year, and therefore, we
can just take cost out of it as we do that.

We've been working very closely with our manufacturing partners to ensure they've got the right
components to make the product, and we'll have it. That's what's most important. And then we'll ensure
that it's made the right way and priced appropriately for the market as well.

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Makes sense. And then I guess specifically on the fourth quarter, if we think about the timing of when
those price increases hit in August, how should we be thinking about the consumer product margins
specifically in the fourth quarter?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

So for the fourth quarter, we continue to see escalating costs from when we put our price increases
in place. So you just think about the cost of air freight, and the cost of freight -- everyone has talked
about supply chain and the cost of shipping, right, and ocean channels, and what's in place for acquiring

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

additional transport cost to get product holiday, which we will have. But that does put just some near-term
pressure on some of the margins. Our -- the full impact of our price increases will take effect in the fourth
quarter. And overall, we still believe our total gross margin, which includes our program amortization,
which is representative of our deliveries as well on the Entertainment side as well as our Wizards of
the Coast business, which we've seen the digital side of that business grow. That's why our diversified
business model really lets us say, we think our gross margins will be in line with 2019. But more 2019
than 2020.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I'd like to express my team's condolences as well. Brian was the toy GOAT and my favorite sparring
partner, so he'll definitely be missed. Deb, I want to ask you about PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS, the in-
sourcing of those products. What did those contribute in terms of, say, net revenue gain and net operating
profit gain by bringing those in-house in a quarter?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Well, thank you, Gerrick, and thank you for your sentiments. We appreciate everyone's but you may have
been Brian's favorites sparring partner as well. So we all really appreciate your comments very much, all
of you. So thank you, and thank you for all the nice notes that you sent that meant the world to us and to
everyone here.

The PEPPA PIG -- and we're so excited about PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS. We started shipping products for
our line for PEPPA and PJ in the third quarter. Some of this supply challenges we had did impact those
lines, but they are here now, and on the way. From the quarter standpoint, we just started shipping in the
third quarter, so we expect to see a bigger impact in the fourth quarter. As we've said, we think that the
total impact for the year would be $75 million to $85 million, I think we said, and we're on track for that
for the impact for the full year.

And PEPPA and PJ together have operating profit margins very similar to our Franchise Brands. So you
think high teens, low 20s operating profit margins. So we're really excited about the brands, the lines. We
fully integrated our Consumer Products business now. We'll continue to have external licensing partners
through next year, and beyond that as well, because there are some lines that we won't take on ourselves
that we have great licensees that are doing that. So we've successfully integrated most of that business.
We'll continue seeing more of the business integrated in 2022, and we're really excited that PEPPA and PJ
are part of the Hasbro family.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Ng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

First, I'd also like to express my condolences on behalf of our team to Hasbro and Brian's family, and
friends for their loss.

I just have one question for Chris or Deb. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the
cadence of MAGIC: THE GATHERING card set releases for the rest of the year, and how that might impact
revenue growth? And then could you also just comment on the content and gaming outlook for 2022 for
Wizards of the Coast more broadly?

Richard S. Stoddart
Interim CEO & Lead Independent Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Chris, why don't you take that?

Chris Cocks
President

Sure thing. So in 2021, we expanded our number of major set releases from 6 in 2020 to 7 in 2021. Our
next big release will be in Q4, which is called Innistrad: Crimson Vow, vampire theme set. That's part
of the [ 2 for ] that we released, the first part Innistrad: Midnight Hunt in Q3. And we expect continued
growth in Q4. But as Deb mentioned in the upfront remarks, we think that will be moderated just based
on set timing releases and composition.

For 2022, we also expect to have 7 major releases comping 2021. Those set releases will vary slightly in
timing and composition. But based on the early fan reactions that we've received in Q3, we feel very good
about the quality of those sets, and how our fans are responding to them. And they include everything
from returning to old classics like Kamigawa and Dominaria and the Brothers' War to exploring new
themes, like a gangster theme set for the spring called the Streets of New Capenna and then continuing
to expand the number of formats and segments of consumers we're going after, including an expansion of
our Universes Beyond initiative, which is taking outside IP for MAGIC and bringing it into the MAGIC play
system like we did in Q3 with the D&D and MAGIC with Adventures in the Forgotten Realms, which was --
which set a record for us in terms of our summer releases. It was the biggest summer set release we've
ever had. So we feel good about the balance of the year, and we feel very good about the initial reactions
to our 2022 set release schedule.

Operator

Our next question is coming from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel.

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

And our condolences to Brian's family and the Hasbro team. So my question is on the sales guidance. With
the language for 13% to 16% growth this year, is there any more precision you can offer at the segment
level? And I guess more specifically, you were previously forecasting Consumer Products up mid-single
digits for the year. Is that something you see is still achievable?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

So overall, we do expect growth in all of our segments for the fourth quarter. That being said, there are
some things on the supply chain side that really are beyond our control. I mean we've all read about every
industry being impacted by ships floating outside of ports. That being said, we've increased a lot of ports.
And Eric, why don't you actually talk a little bit about what we have put in place to ensure that we'll be
able to get product on the shelves for this holiday?

Eric C. Nyman
COO of Hasbro Consumer Products & Chief Consumer Officer

Sure. We feel confident that there will be plenty of Hasbro toys and games here for the holidays. And
I think that's the headline we want to stress. We've already talked about the headwind of $100 million
shifting from Q3 to Q4. And I do want to highlight, as Deb mentioned, the majority of that has already
shipped to our customers around the world, which is really just highlighting that this is a phasing issue,
not an issue of lost orders or lost sales.

With regards to mitigation, we are proud of our teams. We took several steps to mitigate some of the
challenges that we saw happening earlier in the year. We activated new ports in both China and the U.S.
We've added multiple ocean carrier contracts to increase capacity around the world. We've expanded our
trucker capacity as well, which helps move products to warehouses all over the world. And we're ready for
Q4 with plans lined up to meet as much demand as possible to deliver peak shipments during the peak
season. So I feel we're ready to go, and we appreciate the question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Alok Patel with Berenberg.

Alok Patel
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

I was wondering if you guys can comment a little bit on some of the price increases that were supposed
to be in effect in Q3? How have they materialized versus expectations? And with POS up strong, is there
more room to pass on some of the cost to the consumers and the retailers?

Richard S. Stoddart
Interim CEO & Lead Independent Director

Yes. So the first thing I'd say is just to remember, right, retailers set the pricing. But we did -- those price
increases went into effect in August. And so we're really seeing the full impact of that pricing in Q4. So
Deb, I don't know if you have anything to add to that?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I agree, Rich. I think you hit it on the head. The retailer actually sets the price to the consumer, we
don't. So we won't be taking further price increases in 2021. That would be very disruptive to our retail
partners as well as if you think about the cost of running a company to implement something like that at
this point is very difficult, right? So we want our retailers to have predictability for their season as well.
However, they set the ultimate price to the consumer, and there'll be plenty of Hasbro toys and games for
the consumer to buy this holiday season.

Operator

Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call over
to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.

Debbie Hancock
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our
website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our
website following this call. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for
your participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HASBRO, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

