Hess Corporation NYSE:HES
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 28, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.19

0.24

Revenue  (mm)

1519.87

1598.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2021 2:55 PM GMT

26.32

5.14

0.47

2.08

4.17

1572.08

6537.20

7495.25

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.67)

(0.66)

0.36

0.19

(0.71)

(0.58)

0.82

0.24

NM

NM

127.78 %

26.32 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration &
Production

Jay R. Wilson
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Robert Alan Brackett
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Ryan M. Todd
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Adam Deckelbaum
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Noel Augustus Parks
Tuohy Brothers Investment
Research, Inc.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Paul Benedict Sankey
Sankey Research LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Hess Corporation Conference
Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this
conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please
proceed.

Jay R. Wilson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter
earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website,
www.hess.com.

Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties
that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks
include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC.

Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation
of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP
financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website.

On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and
John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. In case there are any audio issues, we will be posting transcripts of
each speaker's prepared remarks on www.hess.com following the presentation.

I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jay. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. Today, I
will review our continued progress in executing our strategy and our long-standing commitment to
sustainability. Greg Hill will then discuss our operations, and John Rielly will cover our financial results.

Our strategy is to grow our resource base, have a low cost of supply and sustain cash flow growth.
Executing this strategy has positioned our company to deliver industry-leading cash flow growth over the
next decade and has made our portfolio increasingly resilient in a low oil price environment. Our strategy
aligns with the world's growing need for affordable, reliable and cleaner energy that is necessary for
human prosperity and global economic development. We recognize that climate change is the greatest
scientific challenge of the 21st century and support the aim of the Paris Agreement and a global ambition
to achieve net 0 emissions by 2050. The world faces a dual challenge of needing 20% more energy by
2040 and reaching net 0 carbon emissions by 2050.

In the International Energy Agency's rigorous sustainable development scenario, which assumes that all
pledges of the Paris Agreement are met, oil and gas will be 46% of the energy mix in 2040 compared
with approximately 53% today. In the IEA's newest net 0 scenario, oil and gas will still be 29% of the
energy mix in 2040. In either scenario, oil and gas will be needed for decades to come and will require
significantly more global investment over the next 10 years on an annual basis than the $300 billion spent
last year. The key for our company is to have a low cost of supply by investing only in high-return, low-
cost opportunities; the best rocks for the best returns.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

We have built a differentiated and focused portfolio that is balanced between short-cycle and long-cycle
assets. Guyana is our growth engine and the Bakken, Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia are our cash
engines. Guyana is positioned to become a significant cash engine in the coming years as multiple phases
of low-cost oil developments come online, which we expect will drive our portfolio breakeven Brent oil
price below $40 per barrel by the middle of the decade.

Based on the most recent third-party estimates, our cash flow is estimated to grow at a compound annual
growth rate of 42% between 2020 and 2023, which is 75% above our peers and puts us in the top 5% of
the S&P 500, with a line of sight for up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources in Guyana. This
industry-leading cash flow growth rate is expected to continue through the end of the decade. Investors
want durability and growth in cash flow. We have both.

We are pleased to announce today that in July, we paid down $500 million of our $1 billion term loan
maturing in March 2023. Depending upon market conditions, we plan to repay the remaining $500 million
in 2022. This debt reduction, combined with the start-up of Liza Phase 2 early next year, is expected to
drive our debt to EBITDAX ratio under 2 next year. Once this debt is paid off and our portfolio generates
increasing free cash flow, we plan to return the majority to our shareholders, first, through dividend
increases and then opportunistic share repurchases.

In addition, we announced this morning that Hess Midstream will buy back $750 million of its Class B
units from its sponsors, Hess Corporation and Global Infrastructure Partners to be completed in the
third quarter. We expect to receive approximately $375 million in proceeds, and our ownership in Hess
Midstream on a consolidated basis will be approximately 45% compared with 46% prior to the transaction.

On April 30, we completed the sale of our Little Knife and Murphy Creek nonstrategic acreage interest in
the Bakken for a total consideration of $312 million, effective March 1, 2021. This acreage, most of which
we were not planning to drill before 2026, was located in the southernmost portion of our Bakken position
and was not connected to Hess Midstream infrastructure. The midstream transaction and the sale of the
Little Knife and Murphy Creek acreage bring material value forward and further strengthen our cash and
liquidity position.

The Bakken remains a core part of our portfolio and our largest operated asset. We have a large inventory
of future drilling locations that generate attractive financial returns at $50 per barrel WTI. In February,
when WTI oil prices moved above $50 per barrel, we added a second rig. Given the continued strength
in oil prices, we are now planning to add a third rig in the Bakken in September, which is expected to
strengthen free cash flow generation in the years ahead.

Key to our long-term strategy is Guyana, with its low cost of supply and industry-leading financial returns.
We have an active exploration and appraisal program this year on the Stabroek Block, where Hess has
a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator. We see the potential for at least 6 FPSOs on the block
by 2027, and up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources on the block. And we continue to see
multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining.

Earlier today, we announced a significant new oil discovery at Whiptail. The Whiptail #1 well encountered
246 feet of net pay. And the Whiptail #2 well, which is located 3 miles northeast of Whiptail-1 encountered
167 feet of net pay in high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoirs. Drilling continues at both wells to test
deeper targets. The Whiptail discovery could form the basis for our future oil development in the southeast
area of the Stabroek Block and will add to the previous recoverable resource estimate of approximately 9
billion barrels of oil equivalent.

In June, we also announced a discovery at the Longtail-3 well, which encountered approximately 230
feet of net pay, including newly identified high-quality hydrocarbon-bearing reservoirs below the original
Longtail-1 discovery intervals. In addition, the successful Mako-2 well, together with the Uaru-2 well,
which encountered approximately 120 feet of high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoir will potentially
underpin a fifth oil development in the area east of the Liza complex.

In terms of Guyana developments, the Liza Unity FPSO with a gross capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per
day, is expected to sail from Singapore to Guyana in late August, and the Liza-2 development is on track

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

to achieve first oil in early 2022. Our third oil development on the Stabroek Block at the Payara Field is
expected to achieve first oil in 2024, also with a gross capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day.

Engineering work for our fourth development on the Stabroek Block at Yellowtail is underway with
preliminary plans for our gross capacity in the range of 220,000 to 250,000 barrels of oil per day and
anticipated start-up in 2025, pending government approvals and project sanctioning. Our 3 sanctioned
oil developments have a breakeven Brent oil price of between $25 and $35 per barrel. And according to
a recent data from Wood Mackenzie, our Guyana developments are the highest margin, lowest carbon
intensity oil and gas assets globally.

Last week, we announced publication of our 24th Annual Sustainability Report, which details our
environmental, social and governance, or ESG strategy and performance. In 2020, we significantly
surpassed our 5-year emission reduction targets, reducing Scope 1 and 2 operated greenhouse gas
emissions intensity by 46% and flaring intensity by 59% compared to 2014 levels.

Our 5-year operated emission reduction targets for 2025, which are detailed in the sustainability report,
exceed the 22% reduction in carbon intensity by 2030 in the International Energy Agency's sustainable
development scenario, which is consistent with the Paris Agreement's ambition to hold the rise in global
average temperature to well below 2 degrees centigrade. We are also contributing to groundbreaking
research being done by the Salk Institute to develop plants with larger root systems that are capable of
absorbing and storing potentially billions of tons of carbon per year from the atmosphere.

We continue to be recognized as an industry leader for the quality of our ESG performance and disclosure.
In May, Hess was named to the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list for the 14th consecutive year based upon
an independent assessment by ISS-ESG. And we were the only oil and gas company to earn a place on
the 2021 list.

In summary, oil and gas are going to be needed for decades to come. By continuing to successfully
execute our strategy and achieve strong operational performance, our company is uniquely positioned
to deliver industry-leading cash flow growth over the next decade. As our term loan is paid off and our
portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, the majority will be returned to our shareholders, first,
through dividend and increases and then opportunistic share repurchases.

I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill for an operational update.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Thanks, John. In the second quarter, we continued to deliver strong operational performance.
Companywide net production averaged 307,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, above
our guidance of 290,000 to 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, driven by good performance across
the portfolio.

In the third quarter, we expect companywide net production to average approximately 265,000 barrels of
oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which reflects the Tioga gas plant turnaround in the Bakken and
planned maintenance in the Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia. For full year 2021, we now forecast net
production to average approximately 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, compared
to our previous forecast of between 290,000 and 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. So we're now
forecasting to be at the top of the range.

Turning to the Bakken. Second quarter net production averaged 159,000 barrels of oil equivalent per
day. This was above our guidance of approximately 155,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, primarily
reflecting increased gas capture, which has allowed us to drive flaring to under 5%, well below the state's
9% limit.

For the third quarter, we expect Bakken net production to average approximately 145,000 barrels of oil
equivalent per day, which reflects the planned 45-day maintenance turnaround and expansion tie-in at
the Tioga gas plant. For the full year 2021, we maintain our Bakken net production forecast of 155,000 to
160,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

In the second quarter, we drilled 17 wells and brought 9 new wells online. In the third quarter, we expect
to drill approximately 15 wells and to bring approximately 20 new wells online. And for the full year 2021,
we now expect to drill approximately 65 wells and to bring approximately 50 new wells online.

In terms of drilling and completion costs, although we have experienced some cost inflation, we are
confident that we can offset the increases through technology and lean manufacturing efficiency gains and
are therefore maintaining our full year average forecast of $5.8 million per well in 2021.

We've been operating 2 rigs since February, but given the improvement in oil prices and our robust
inventory of high-return drilling locations, we plan to add a third rig in September. Moving to a 3-rig
program will allow us to grow cash flow and production, better optimize our in-basin infrastructure and
drive further reductions in our unit cash costs.

Now moving to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, second quarter net production averaged
52,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to our guidance of approximately 50,000 barrels of oil
equivalent per day. In the third quarter, we forecast Gulf of Mexico net production to average between
35,000 and 40,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance downtime as well as
some hurricane contingency. For the full year 2021, our forecast for Gulf of Mexico net production remains
approximately 45,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.

In Southeast Asia, net production in the second quarter was 66,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day,
above our guidance of approximately 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Third quarter net production
is forecast to average between 50,000 and 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned
maintenance at North Malay Basin and the JDA as well as Phase 3 installation work at North Malay Basin.
Full year 2021 net production is forecast to average approximately 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per
day.

Now turning to Guyana. In the second quarter, gross production from Liza Phase 1 averaged 101,000
barrels of oil per day or 26,000 barrels of oil per day net to Hess. The repaired flash gas compression
system has been installed on the Liza Destiny FPSO and is under test. The operator is evaluating the
test data to optimize performance and is safely managing production in the range of 120,000 to 125,000
barrels of oil per day. Replacement of the flash gas compression system with a modified design and
production optimization work are planned for the fourth quarter, which will result in higher production
capacity and reliability.

Net production from Liza Phase 1 is forecast to average approximately 30,000 barrels of oil per day in the
third quarter and for the full year 2021. The Liza Phase 2 development will utilize the 220,000 barrels of
oil per day Unity FPSO, which is scheduled to sail away from Singapore at the end of August and first oil
remains on track for early 2022.

Turning to our third development, Payara. The Prosperity FPSO hull is complete and will enter the Keppel
yard in Singapore following sail away of the Liza Unity. Topsides fabrication has commenced at Dyna-
Mac and development drilling began in June. The overall project is approximately 45% completed. The
Prosperity will have a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day and is on track to achieve
first oil in 2024.

As for our fourth development at Yellowtail, the joint venture anticipates submitting the plan of
development to the government of Guyana in the fourth quarter with first oil targeted for 2025, pending
government approvals and project sanctioning.

During the second quarter, the Mako-2 appraisal well on the Stabroek Block confirmed the quality,
thickness and aerial extent of the reservoir. When integrated with the previously announced discovery
at Uaru-2, the data supports a potential fifth development in the area east of the Liza Complex. As John
mentioned, this morning, we announced a discovery at Whiptail, located approximately 4 miles southeast
of Uaru-1. Drilling continues at both wells to test deeper targets.

In terms of other drilling activity in the second half of 2021, after Whiptail-2, the Noble Don Taylor will
drill the Pinktail-1 exploration well, which is located 5 miles southeast of Yellowtail-1, followed by the
Tripletail-2 appraisal well located 5 miles south of Tripletail-1. The Noble Tom Madden will spud the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Cataback-1 exploration well located 4.5 miles southeast of the Turbot-1 discovery in early August. Then
in the fourth quarter, we will drill our first dedicated test of the deep potential at the Fangtooth prospect
located 9 miles northwest of Liza-1.

In the third quarter, the Noble Sam Croft will drill the Turbot-2 appraisal well, then transition to
development drilling operations for the remainder of the year. The Stena Carron will conduct a series of
appraisal drill stem tests at Uaru-1, then Mako-2 and then Longtail-2.

In closing, we continue to deliver strong operational performance across our portfolio. Our offshore assets
are generating strong free cash flow, the Bakken is on a capital-efficient growth trajectory, and Guyana
keeps getting bigger and better, all of which positions us to deliver industry-leading returns, material cash
flow generation and significant shareholder value.

I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2021 to the first
quarter of 2021. Adjusted net income was $74 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to net
income of $252 million in the first quarter of 2021.

Turning to E&P. E&P adjusted net income was $122 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to
net income of $308 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted
E&P results between the second quarter and first quarter of 2021 were as follows: Lower sales volumes
reduced earnings by $126 million, higher cash costs reduced earnings by $48 million, higher exploration
expenses reduced earnings by $10 million, all other items reduced earnings by $2 million for an overall
decrease in second quarter earnings of $186 million.

Second quarter sales volumes were lower, primarily due to Guyana having two 1 million-barrel liftings of
oil compared with three 1 million-barrel liftings in the first quarter, and first quarter sales volumes included
nonrecurring sales of 2 VLCC cargos totaling 4.2 million barrels of Bakken crude oil, which contributed
approximately $70 million of net income. In the second quarter, our E&P sales volumes were underlifted
compared with production by approximately 785,000 barrels, which reduced our after-tax results by
approximately $18 million.

Cash costs for the second quarter came in at the lower end of guidance and reflect higher planned
maintenance and workover activity in the first quarter. In June, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court approved the
bankruptcy plan for Fieldwood Energy, which includes transferring abandonment obligations of Fieldwood
to predecessors entitled of certain of its assets who are jointly and severally liable for the obligations. As
a result of the bankruptcy, Hess as one of the predecessors entitled in 7 shallow-water West Delta 79/86
leases held by Fieldwood is responsible for the abandonment of the facilities on the leases.

Second quarter E&P results include an after-tax charge of $147 million, representing the estimated gross
abandonment obligation for West Delta 79/86 without taking into account potential recoveries from other
previous owners. Within the next 9 months, we expect to receive an order from the regulator requiring us
along with other predecessors entitled to decommission the facilities. The timing of these decommissioning
activities will be discussed and agreed upon with the regulator, and we anticipate the cost will be incurred
over the next several years.

Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $76 million in the second quarter of
2021 compared to $75 million in the prior quarter. Midstream EBITDA, before noncontrolling interest,
amounted to $229 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to $225 million in the previous quarter.

Now turning to our financial position. At quarter end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents
were $2.42 billion, which includes receipt of net proceeds of $297 million from the sale of our Little Knife
and Murphy Creek acreage in the Bakken. Total liquidity was $6.1 billion, including available committed
credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $6.6 billion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Our fully undrawn $3.5 billion revolving credit facility is committed through May 2024, and we have no
material near-term debt maturities aside from the $1 billion term loan which matures in March 2023. In
July, we repaid $500 million of the term loan. Earlier today, Hess Midstream announced an agreement to
repurchase approximately 31 million Class B units of Hess Midstream held by GIP and us for approximately
$750 million. We expect to receive net proceeds of approximately $375 million from the sale in the third
quarter. In addition, we expect to receive proceeds in the third quarter from the sale of our interest in
Denmark for a total consideration of $150 million with an effective date of January 1, 2021.

In the second quarter of 2021, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital
was $659 million compared with $815 million in the first quarter, primarily due to lower sales volumes. In
the second quarter, net cash provided by operating activities after changes in working capital was $785
million compared with $591 million in the first quarter. Changes in operating assets and liabilities during
the second quarter of 2021 increased cash flow from operating activities by $126 million, primarily driven
by an increase in payables that we expect to reverse in the third quarter.

Now turning to guidance. First, for E&P. Our E&P cash costs were $11.63 per barrel of oil equivalent,
including Libya, and $12.16 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya, in the second quarter of 2021. We
project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $13 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent for
the third quarter, which reflects the impact of lower production volumes resulting from the Tioga gas plant
turnaround. Full year cash cost guidance of $11 to $12 per barrel of oil equivalent remains unchanged.

DD&A expense was $11.55 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya, and $12.13 per barrel of oil
equivalent, excluding Libya, in the second quarter. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the
range of $12 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and full year guidance of $12 to $13
per barrel of oil equivalent remains unchanged. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs,
excluding Libya, to be in the range of $25 to $27 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and $23
to $25 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2021.

Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $40 million to $45
million in the third quarter and full year guidance is expected to be in the range of $160 million to $170
million, which is down from previous guidance of $170 million to $180 million.

The midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $265 million to $275 million for the third quarter
and full year guidance is projected to be in the range of $1.080 billion to $1.100 billion, which is down
from the previous guidance of $1.090 billion to $1.115 billion. E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya,
is expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million for the third quarter and full year guidance
is expected to be in the range of $125 million to $135 million, which is updated from the previous
guidance of $105 million to $115 million, reflecting higher commodity prices. We expect noncash option
premium amortization will be approximately $65 million for the third quarter and full year guidance of
approximately $245 million remains unchanged.

During the third quarter, we expect to sell three 1 million-barrel cargoes of oil from Guyana. Our E&P
capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $575 million in the third quarter.
Full year guidance, which now includes increasing drilling rigs in the Bakken to 3 from 2 in September,
remains unchanged from prior guidance at approximately $1.9 billion.

Turning to Midstream. We anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in
the range of $50 million to $60 million for the third quarter and full year guidance is projected to be in the
range of $275 million to $285 million, which is down from the previous guidance of $280 million to $290
million.

Turning to corporate. Corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35
million for the third quarter and full year guidance of $130 million to $140 million remains unchanged.
Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $95 million to $100 million for the third quarter and
approximately $380 million for the full year which is at the lower end of our previous guidance of $380
million to $390 million, reflecting the $500 million reduction in the term loan.
This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the
operator.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.

Ryan M. Todd
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Maybe starting off on Whiptail. Congratulations on the great results of both Whiptail 1 and 2. How do
you think -- maybe it's a little early to say, but how do you think about ultimate potential resource size,
reservoir and oil quality? And how it maybe stacks up against other future resources to be developed and
where it could land in the queue?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes. Great question, Ryan, and thank you. Look, Whiptail drilling activities are still underway. We're going
to be drilling in both wells to some deeper targets. Whiptail adds to our queue of high-value potential
oil developments in Guyana, Uaru and Mako, as Greg talked about, have the potential to be our fifth
FPSO. Whiptail has the potential to be another oil development. And since evaluations work is still
going underway, it's a little premature to talk about resource size. But definitely, what we're seeing is a
foundation for potentially another oil development with Whiptail.

And then to remind everybody, we still have a very active exploration and appraisal program on
the Stabroek Block the remainder of this year, which should provide even more definition for future
development investment opportunities. So the queue of high-value potential oil developments is growing,
and we're going to optimize it as we continue to get more data and well results to further get clarity on
what the queue will be.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

And Ryan, the quality of the reservoirs in Whiptail are outstanding.

Ryan M. Todd
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

All right, John and Greg. Maybe a follow-up on CapEx. Prior year guidance for 2021 Bakken CapEx is $450
million. Is that still the same with the addition of the third rig in September? Or was the possibility of a
third rig already built in there? And you've been running low on CapEx, obviously, in the first half of the
year, but activity is accelerating in the second half. Is there a potential for maybe downward pressure on
CapEx on a full year basis? Or is the kind of the trend upward in the second half likely to -- or I guess,
have things trended in line with where you would have expected?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

John?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So from the Bakken standpoint, no, we did not have the third rig in our initial guidance of the $450
million for the year. So that third rig is adding to the Bakken capital, so will go up from that $450 million.
But like you've been saying, we have been running under for the first half and where it is primarily right
now, we're underspending in Guyana, so that pretty much the add from September to December for the 1
rig in the Bakken is being offset by a little lower spend in Guyana.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

As for the $1.9 billion, we do, as you said, expect to ramp up. It's normal for us in the Bakken, when
you get into the summer season, building infrastructure pads, things like that. So we do get a pickup on
capital there. Same thing for our work in Southeast Asia, is more ramping up. Greg had mentioned the
Phase 3 installation that's going on. So I do expect to be spending right around that $1.9 billion, and we'll
get that pick up. But again, we have been a little bit lower, and that's why we can add that Bakken rig and
stay at $1.9 billion.

Operator

Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

My first question is on Liza Phase 2. I know the design is a 220 kbd, but I was wondering if the Hess-
Exxon consortium is applying some of the learnings from the Liza Phase 1 debottlenecking project on this
ship. And where could initial predictive capacity be, as well as I wanted to get your time line to maybe first
oil if the boat is sailing from Singapore at the end of August.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Thanks, Arun. Greg?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Yes. Sure, Arun. So we are on track for first oil in early 2022. So no change to that first oil date that we
talked about before. In regards to debottlenecking, look, my experience with these FPSOs is, yes, there
will be some additional capacity that can be rung out of the vessel. The sequence is important, though. So
the first thing you do is you get it out there, spin it up, run it at full operating conditions, then and only
then after you get that dynamic data can you understand where your potential pinch points or bottlenecks
are. And so that's why typically these optimization projects don't come until, I'll say, the first year of
operation. But I think 15% to 20% is not atypical. It will vary boat by boat depending on the dynamic
conditions, but I would think that you could get some additional upside from Phase II and Phase III and
beyond.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. My follow-up is for John Hess. John, I wanted to see if you could help us think about the order of
operations here regarding additional cash return to shareholders. And maybe outline paying off the term
loan, maybe the timing of step 2 if the strip holds and when we could see Hess and the Board kind of
move on the dividend.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes. Look, once we pay the $500 million off, which we're intending to do next year from the term loan,
thereafter, as a function of oil price and we get visibility on free cash flow generation, the next priority is
going to be returning the majority of that free cash flow to our shareholders. And the first priority in that
will be to increase our base dividend. So this is something we've talked about with our Board. We're very
watchful about it, but we got to take it a step at a time. But that will be the sequence of events; pay the
other $500 million off, we're estimating to do that next year depending upon market conditions. And then
once after that, once we start to have visibility on free cash flow and the market conditions for oil and the
financial markets are supportive, the next step will be strengthening our base dividend.

Operator

Your next question comes from David Deckelbaum with Cowen.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

David Adam Deckelbaum
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to just touch on the Bakken again. With the addition of the third rig, could you perhaps
revisit guidance for where an exit rate should be at the end of this year? And then should we be thinking
about the addition of a fourth rig? I just wanted that in the context of what the current in-house view is of
the truly optimized program there in terms of activity.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

John, you want to take the exit rate? And then, Greg, any color you'd like to provide as well?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So from the Bakken exit rate standpoint, the addition of the third rig when we're starting in
September really is not going to add any wells in for production this year. And what we had said in the
prior quarter was that we were exiting somewhere at the 170,000 to 175,000 type level as we ended the
year. Now what we are seeing is higher propane prices than we saw back in April, so -- which we like,
right, that the -- what we see from the NGL price is actually to increase our cash flow in the third quarter
maybe $35 million to $40 million based on these higher propane prices. But with those higher propane
prices, if you remember, that means we get less volumes under our percentage of proceeds contracts or
our POP contracts. So right now, based on what we're seeing on the propane prices, I'd say the exit rate
overall will be in the 165,000 to 170,000 range. I think, Greg, I'll hand it over to you for the fourth rig.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Yes. So I think just 1 -- couple of more comments on the third rig. So with that third rig, we'll drill 10
more wells. So that's why we increased our drilling well count from 55 to 65. And then we'll also bring 5
more wells online with that third rig. So that's why we raised the wells online count from 45 to 50. But as
John said, those wells come on right at the end of the year. So the impact of that will be seen in 2022's
volumes.

The fourth rig, as we've always talked about, the primary role of the Bakken in our portfolio is to be a
cash engine. So that's its #1 role. So any decision to add any rigs in the Bakken is going to be driven by
returns and corporate cash flow needs. Now having said that, assuming oil prices stay high into next year,
then we'd consider adding a fourth rig at the end of next year. Why is it at the end? Because you build all
your locations in the summertime. And then by doing so, that would allow us to take Bakken production
up to around 200,000 barrels a day. And that level really optimizes our in-basin infrastructure.

But again, that's going to be a function of oil price, a function of corporate cash flow needs, how much
cash do we need the Bakken to deliver for the corporation. That's going to be the primary driver of
whether or not we add that fourth rig or not. I will say, the fourth rig would be the last rig. So the highest
we would go is 4 rigs, and we could maintain that 200,000 barrels a day with 4 rigs for nearly a decade
given the extensive inventory of high-return wells that we have.

David Adam Deckelbaum
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

You seem well prepared for that question. Appreciate the color. My follow-up is just going quickly on Libya.
You've seen, obviously, the end of the force majeure, you've seen production kind of pick up there. I know
you guys guide ex Libya. But can you kind of revisit the productive capacity of that asset and your view
kind of the rest of the year? And then just broadly speaking, where that sits in your portfolio?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Yes. Libya, obviously, it generates some cash for us. It has been running at fairly stable levels, and we
would estimate those levels would continue at the current rate. And it really is a function of political
security, stability in the country, which has increased. And so we would intend that Libya would continue at
the pace of cash generation that it's at now in the future.

Operator

Your next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just one question to follow up on just from the comments earlier about well cost staying flat in the
Bakken. But as you step back and look at cost inflation, almost anywhere, I know you're relatively silent in
the Gulf of Mexico today, but there will be expectations for next year. And then as we think about building
the FPSOs or any sort of, I guess, supply chain issues that may be affecting anything as we think about
the next, like FPSO -- FPSO 2 and FPSO 3 as we think about the timing in Guyana.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes, Greg, why don't you please handle it, the cost inflation question that he's asking, one, maybe we
covered the onshore focusing on the Bakken and to the offshore?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Yes, sure. So let's talk about the onshore first because it's the easiest. Yes, as I said in my opening
remarks, we are seeing some minor inflation in the Bakken. At the first half of the year, it was all tubulars.
However, recall we prebought all of our tubulars for the program this year. So we're covered on that.
Commodity-based chemicals, obviously, have gone up. But it really doesn't matter because we're able
to cover that through technology and lean manufacturing gains. And that's why we held our well cost
forecast for the year still at $5.8 million, even though we're feeling some single-digit kind of levels of
inflation.

Now if I turn to the offshore, yes, industry is seeing cost increases there as well. Day rates on deepwater
rigs are up modestly. They're nowhere near what they were in the halcyon days of, say, 5 years ago.
But remember, almost all of our offshore investment is in Guyana. And we operate under EPC contracts
there, so that largely insulates us from cost increases after the contract is signed. And then I've got to
say ExxonMobil is doing an extraordinary job of utilizing this "design one, build many" strategy to deliver
a large amount of efficiencies from that project. So certainly, now and in the very near term, I wouldn't
expect any cost issues there. And of course, because of PSC, if your costs do creep up, that's all covered
under cost recovery.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And then congratulations on the discovery certainly that had been announced today and
recently. I was just curious, some of the other exploration opportunities you have out there as we think
about other blocks inside of Guyana, but also over in Suriname. Any updates there?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Well, the majority of our drilling is going to be on the Stabroek Block. And I think Greg gave pretty good
road map for what our drilling the rest of the year is going to be. It's going to be a comment of exploration
and appraisal. I think, Greg, the only other thing to talk about is Suriname, probably Block 42 because we
do have some drilling plan there next year.

Gregory P. Hill

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

COO & President of Exploration & Production

Yes, we do. So planning is underway on Block 42 for a second exploration well in the first half of 2022.
Obviously, the Apache wells are encouraging for our acreage there that's adjacent to 42, and we see the
acreage as a potential play extension also from the Stabroek Block. So we're the ones that have access to
not only the Stabroek data, but also the data in Suriname. So we can couple those 2 together and really
understand how the geology lays out there, and that's what makes us excited about Block 42.

We also have an interest in Block 59, as you know, just outboard at 42. ExxonMobil has completed a 2D
seismic survey on the block there. The data has been analyzed and assessed, and so the joint venture
is now planning a very targeted 3D survey over some interesting prospects we see on that as well. But
drilling there would not begin to occur until probably '23 at the earliest.

Operator

Your next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

John, you guys are going to generate a fair amount of the free cash and you're going to pay down the
term debt next year. But longer term, do you have a net debt target, how much debt you really want to be
sitting on your balance sheet at all?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Paul. So our target and what I always say it's a maximum target is a 2x debt-to-EBITDAX target.
So as you said, when we pay off this term loan next year and we have Phase 2 coming online, we're going
to drive under that 2x. So there's -- and what I expect here because I think as we mentioned earlier, we
really don't have any material near-term debt maturity. So what we'll do is we'll pay off that term loan, we
have small amounts in 2024, and it's not until 2027 that we have our next big maturity. So we'll just pay
off the small maturities as we have, and we'll continue to let our EBITDAX grow. Basically, you're going
to get Phase 2, then Payara, then Yellowtail, then Uaru-2. So we're going to have significant growth in
EBITDA and our balance sheet is just going to get stronger and stronger from that standpoint.

So what I would say is we'd hold that absolute debt level flat and decrease it for the maturities that come
about. And then as John mentioned, we're going to start driving significant free cash flow generation.
And once that term loan is paid off, we'll start with dividend increases, and then we'll move on to the
opportunistic share repurchases.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

John, some of your peers that when they're talking about, say, 2x EBITDA or that 1x or less than 1x, they
also identify or that with the parameter that what -- under what commodity price they are using, not
necessarily using the current price. So do you guys just look at what is at the current price to your EBITDA
or you also target at a lower price, the maximum 2x?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

No, we look at even lower prices. What I would say is that target is there for us no matter what the
commodity price is. And look, we always say this, as the additional FPSOs come on, as John said, these
very low-cost developments come on, our margins and our cash flow just continues to improve. So even
at lower commodity prices, when we start getting Payara, Yellowtail, Uaru, Mako online, we're going to
have significant free cash flow and the balance sheet is going to be very strong. So our target doesn't
vary based on commodity prices. And we'd like to say that with these FPSOs coming on, we can win in any
commodity price environment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

And John -- I think John Hess has said that the first priority of the excess free cash after the term loan
payoff is increasing the dividend. Is there any kind of parameters you can share in terms of you will set
the dividend longer term based on, say, 10% of a certain cash flow from operation based on certain oil
price or any kind of parameters that you can share or metrics you can share, so we can have some better
understanding of what is the trajectory?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. What we've been saying right now -- and look, we'll give guidance as we get into this free cash
flow generation is that we want to have a dividend that's better than the S&P 500, right, yield? And why?
Because obviously, the oil and gas business is a little riskier and more volatile due to commodity prices.
So we want to set that at a level that gives us a better yield. And we're going to be in a position, again,
as I mentioned with these FPSOs coming on that we can set that, have a better yield and withstand lower
commodity prices. So we'll test it at lower commodity prices. But again, due to the uniqueness of the
Guyana cash flows that will be coming in, we can do that. So that's the initial guidance I would look at is
that we're going to have our yield better than that S&P 500.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Final question. I think this is for Greg. Greg, when we look at your full year production guidance, which
implied the second half of about 280,000 and you say the third quarter is about 265,000. So that means
that the fourth quarter is about 300,000. Is that a bit conservative that -- on that number?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Well, first of all, Paul, it's still early in the year. So we've got a lot of activity going on. We've got Tioga
turnaround, maintenance in the Gulf of Mexico, maintenance in Southeast Asia, and also some shutdowns
for Phase 3 in North Malay Basin, plus we did dial in a fair amount of hurricane contingency this year
in the Gulf just based upon last year's experience, but also what the weather forecasters are saying
this year. So we'll be able to update that on the quarterly call next time. I hope you're right. I hope it is
conservative. But again, we have a fair amount of contingency in there for the work that we are doing and
the hurricanes that are anticipated in the Gulf. So let's just see how it plays out.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Maybe let me ask it in this way, Greg. In the fourth quarter, do you have any meaningful turnaround or
maintenance shutdown activities?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

We do have some in the fourth quarter, yes, and some of those are in Southeast Asia, and we also
have a turnaround in Baldpate in the Gulf of Mexico during the fourth quarter as well. But the hurricane
contingency really rolls through both quarters, so.

Operator

Your next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

I'll just speak to 2 questions, if that's okay. But let me see if I can get them both in. Greg, I'm going to
try have another go at Whiptail. I seem to recall in our prior conversations that you had built up quite a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

picture of how large this prospect could be. Now you've got 2 of the biggest sands, 3 miles apart. Am I out
of turns saying that this could be more than 1 development phase on Whiptail?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Go ahead, Greg.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

No, I -- look, I think it's early days to be saying that, Doug. One of the reasons we drilled the wells
concurrently is because we did have good seismic response, as you intimated, on Whiptail. We were well
calibrated with that because, of course, it was a sandwich between Yellowtail and Uaru. And so by drilling
both of these wells concurrently, obviously, we accelerated the evaluation and appraisal of this highly
prospective area. We've got more appraisal work to do and some deepening to do in and around these
areas. But we're very pleased with the results, but I think it's just too early to speculate on. Is this big
enough stand-alone by itself or what? So just give us some time to evaluate our well results.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes, Doug. Great question. We're still drilling, still evaluating the results, but certainly, we're very
encouraged that this could underpin on its own future oil development. The foundation is there. More
work needs to be done to get that definition, but it certainly has the potential to provide a foundation for
future oil development. And you also got to remember on Yellowtail as we got more evaluation work in,
that obviously turned out to be a much bigger resource, which is why the ship for Yellowtail is being sized
between 220,000 and 250,000 barrels a day, which is bigger than the 2 ships that proceeded at 220,000
barrels a day. So let's get more drilling, let's get more evaluation, but obviously, initial results are very
encouraging.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Greg, maybe I will do a part 1a before I go on to John. Just when you think about these hub sizes, what
are you thinking about the plateau levels of production nowadays? Are we thinking about one on top of the
other or early phases declining? How are you thinking about that given the scale of the resource you have
right now? Just so we can calibrate everybody, results and expectations over time.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

No. Again, Doug, you and I have talked about this before. I think these hubs -- all hubs, frankly, will have
a long plateau and longer than would be typical in a deepwater environment, and that's simply because of
the resource density of how much is in the Guyana Basin in and around these existing hubs. So not only
is there additional tieback opportunity in the Campanian, i.e., is Liza class reservoirs, but as we go deeper
in the Santonian, let's say that works out as a technical commercial success, then you could see where
you could tie back Santonian into some existing Campanian hubs. So if you step back and look at all the
prospectivity in the Campanian, all the prospectivity in the Santonian, it's pretty easy to see that these
hubs will be full for a long time.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

My follow-up, hopefully, is a quick one. John Rielly, I don't want to press too much on this debt issue, but
2 things, EBITDA is a different number at $50 million than it is at $70 million. So I just wonder if I could
ask you what your thinking is on the absolute level of debt that you want to get to because if Guyana is
self-funding from next year, which I believe it is with Phase 2, the potential to generate a ton of free cash
flow is obviously there, and I'm -- given you're unhedged on the upside. So just give us an idea of where
you want the absolute balance sheet to be, and I'll leave it there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Really, as John has said it earlier, once we pay off the $500 million on the term loan, we have the debt at
the level we want it to be. As I said, there's a small maturity out in 2024 and no really big maturities out
until 2027. So the debt is at that level, and we wouldn't be looking to reduce it any further at that point.
And again, as we add the EBITDA from each FPSO, we will quickly drive under 2x, and then quite frankly,
go below 1 as we continue to add these FPSOs.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Right. And Guyana is self-funding next year?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Guyana is -- so once Phase 2 comes on, Guyana is self-funding.

Operator

Your next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I'll be quick here. But 2 related questions. The first, for you, John, which is, you always have a great
perspective on the oil macro and there's a lot of uncertainty as we go into 2022. Less so maybe on the
demand side, although we can debate that, but more on supply in terms of OPEC behavior and as barrels
come back into the market, will the market get oversupplied or will inventory stay in deficit? So I'd love
your perspective, especially given that you spend a lot of time with market participants there.

And then the related question is just on Hess' hedging strategy for 2022. Is it -- does it make sense to
cost average in to the forward curve here? Or would you like to stay more open to participate in potential
upside? So 2 related questions.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Thanks for the questions. The oil market is definitely rebalancing. It's 3 factors: demand, supply,
inventories. We think demand is running right now at about 98 million barrels a day. Remember, pre-
COVID, globally, it was running 100 million barrels a day. I think demand is well supported with people
getting back to work, mobility data in the United States. Certainly, jet fuel is almost at pre-COVID levels
of demand. Obviously, international travel is still down. Gasoline in the United States demand as well as
gas oil demand is back at pre-COVID levels. So demand is pretty strong. I think the financial stimulus
programs of the U.S. government and other governments across the world as well as accommodative
monetary policies with the central banks are really turbocharging the consumer, turbocharging the
economy and supporting oil demand. So we see demand growth continuing into next year. We think we
will get by the end of the year, about 100 million barrels a day of global oil demand. We see that being
stronger going into next year.

So I think that's a key part that you have to get grounded in to answer your question, what's the demand
assumption and where -- we take it over that demand is going to continue to be strong going into next
year through the year. Supply, you look at shale. Shale is no longer the swing supplier. It's gone from a
business that's focused on production growth to one that's focused on return of capital, financial discipline,
appropriately so. So if you can grow a little bit, but generally free cash according to the oil environment,
that's what the investor discipline wants. That's what the company discipline wants.

So we see the rig count, maybe it gets up to 500 in the United States, but shale will not be growing at the
level that it was growing at the last 5 years for what it's going to be growing in the next 3 or 4 years. I

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

think U.S. production in the range of crude for, let's say, 11 million barrels a day, it's going to be hard to
get into pre-COVID levels of 13 million barrels a day, probably for the next 3 or 4 years. So shale will play
a role, but it's going to have a back seat in terms of being the swing supplier. The swing supplier going
forward and really the Federal Reserve of oil prices is going to be OPEC led by -- or OPEC+ led by Saudi
Arabia, Russia and the other members.

And I think they've been very disciplined, very wise and being very tempered about bringing their spare
capacity back. They just made, I think, a very historic agreement that says we'll bring on 400,000 barrels
a day month by month. We'll look at it if something happens in the variant, something happens with
Iran coming on, we may curtail that. But basically, that 5.8 million barrels a day of excess capacity will
be whittled down 400,000 a day each month as it goes out. They'll meet every month to check on that.
But basically, that will be sort of that cushion that you need to keep supply up with demand. But in that
scenario, the market is in deficit. So that should keep prices well supported.

And the other key point is I'd say, we're at pre-COVID inventory levels now where the glut of 1.2 billion
barrels of oil excess supply a year ago April now has been whittled down to where the market is really
back in balance at pre-COVID level. So looking forward, the macro, I think, is very supportive, demand
growing faster than supply, inventory of pre-COVID levels and the oil price should be well supported in
that environment.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And can you just tie that back into -- and that might be a question for John Rielly tie it into the hedging
strategy.

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Right. So Neil, our strategy is going to continue to be to use put options, right? We want to get the full
insurance on the downside and leave the upside for investors. So obviously, we've been watching the
market and the front has been performing very well and you know it is a bit backward dated as you go
into 2022. And so with the put options, we typically put them on September to December, towards the end
of the year. Time value gets the cost fee options a little bit lower. We'll see where volatility is as we move,
getting closer to 2022. Now you should expect us to put on a significant hedge position, again, like we
had this year, and you should expect to see it as we move into the fourth quarter, us begin to add those
hedges.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

To be clear, it will be a put-based strategy.

Operator

Your next question comes from Paul Sankey with Sankey Research.

Paul Benedict Sankey
Sankey Research LLC

A lot of my questions have been answered around the balance sheet. But I was just wondering if we could
get a sense for the potential for acceleration on any of the moving parts here. The first would be, would
debt pay down potentially be accelerated even faster than what you've talked about the term loan? If not,
would we potentially see faster cash return to shareholders, so a quicker decision to raise the dividend? Is
that a potential? Or I guess the alternative would be that you just increase cash on the balance sheet?

And then operationally, I guess, it's a little bit longer term, but could the pace of Guyana development be
accelerated, do you think? Or is it a fairly set and predictable path here? And what I'm really wondering
is, as you mentioned, the ExxonMobil buy one -- build one -- "design one, build many" strategy, I wonder
if that has the potential to accelerate if we look forward 2 to 3 to 5 to 7 years. And finally, whether or not

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

you would increase spending in a very strong story that you have here, in the Bakken or the deepwater
Gulf of Mexico or anywhere else, if that was another potential outlet for the success you're enjoying?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes. Paul, good to hear your voice. Look, we've laid out our plan. We're going to be very disciplined
about executing the plan. There are always, always potential to accelerate. It's a function of market
conditions, obviously. But I think the key thing is we do want to keep a strong cash position as a cushion
for downturns in the oil market. It certainly served us well last year, and it's serving us well this year.
Obviously, very different markets between last year and this year.

And in terms of what our assumptions are going forward, we want to keep that strong cash position. And
with current prices where they are, we think it's prudent to go into next year with a strong cash position
so we can fund the high-value projects that we have in Guyana, in the Bakken and obviously, in our
other 2 asset areas. So I think it's good planning assumption to assume that it will be -- given market
conditions, we would pay that $500 million off next year. Always have the flexibility to move it forward.
But we want to keep the strong cash position, and we just think that's a financial prudent strategy.

In terms of Guyana, Exxon is doing, as Greg said, a great job, managing a world-class project, both in
terms of cost and in terms of timing. And this idea of "design one, build many" and pretty much getting
in a cadence of one of these major FPSOs being built one a year, come on one a year, that cadence is
probably as aggressive as any ever done in the industry. And ExxonMobil often talks about leakage.
Leakage meaning capital inefficiency. This pace of bringing on 1 ship a year is probably as accelerated as
you want to get, and it's a pretty darn good one.

Paul Benedict Sankey
Sankey Research LLC

Got it. And then the potential for greater spending, more growth? Is that -- would it be -- I assume you'd
be more focused on cash return ultimately because the…

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes. We're going to stay very financially disciplined. John talks about adding a third rig, and then Greg will
talk potentially a fourth rig. Those can certainly be folded in. And actually, that increases our free cash
flow generation in the years ahead. So it actually strengthens our free cash flow even though in the year
of the investment, you go up a notch. But the Bakken is becoming a major free cash flow generator and
on its way, let's say, to 200,000 barrels a day equivalent and plateauing. So there'll be, obviously, increase
with rigs. John talks about it in the range of about $200 million per rig. And then you have the different
developments that we have. But we're going to stay very focused on keeping a tight string on our capital
investments, so we can grow the free cash flow wedge and really compound that free cash flow wedge
over the next 5 to 6 years.

Paul Benedict Sankey
Sankey Research LLC

Brilliant. Could you -- can I just ask a color question on the Midstream? What was the strategic -- could
you add any strategic color about the moves you made in the Midstream? And I'll leave it there.

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. Just at a high-level strategic standpoint, the Midstream continues to add differentiated value to
our E&P assets. So it allows us to maintain operational and marketing control. It provides the takeaway
optionality to multiple high-value markets. And also, it's driving our ability to increase our gas capture and
drive down our greenhouse gas intensity. So just starting, Paul, at the high level, both GIP and us remain
committed to the long-term value.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

And so with this transaction, like pro forma for the transaction, Hess Midstream maintains a strong credit
position. It's at 3x debt-to-EBITDA. And then it has continuing free cash flow after distributions as it
moves forward. So that debt-to-EBITDA will come back down from 3. So it's going to have sustained
low leverage and ample balance sheet capacity. So they really did this to optimize its capital structure.
And then with this ample balance sheet capacity, it can support future growth or incremental return to
shareholders, including Hess. And that can be this type of buyback or increased distribution.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

So in another way of saying it, Hess Midstream becomes a free cash flow engine for Hess as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.

Robert Alan Brackett
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I had a question about Fangtooth. If I heard Greg right, he said it was 9 miles northwest of Liza-1. If I
look at a seismic section that the operator ExxonMobil had in their Investor Day, they show a very large
deep seismic signature that seems to correspond to where you're drilling Fangtooth. Am I over reading
that? Or is this a fairly large structure that you're going to drill?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Greg, go ahead.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Yes, it is a very large structure that will be dedicated to the deeper stratigraphy, call it, lower Campanian
and Santonian. So that will be our first stand-alone well targeting those deeper intervals. Bob, as you
know, the rest have all been deep tails, but this will be a stand-alone. And yes, it is a very large structure.

Operator

Your next question comes from Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers.

Noel Augustus Parks
Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.

Just to sort of continue on from that last question. Could you just sort of maybe walk us through where
things stand as far as main targets in Guyana versus deeper potential targets? Sort of -- so just kind of
what you pretty much have established beyond the primary targets and sort of what's still to come.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes. Go ahead, Greg.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Sure. You bet. So when I talk about deeper plays, I'm really talking about the bottom of the Campanian,
the lower Campanian and then down into the Santonian. And as I said before, these have the potential
to be a very large addition to the recoverable resource base in Guyana. And if successful, as I mentioned
previously, they could be exploited through a combination of tiebacks to existing hubs and/or stand-alone
developments, if they're big enough. So we've had 8 penetrations to date in the deeper plays. And then if
you couple that with the success in Suriname, which is we understand the better part over there, again,
don't have the data, but this is just what we're hearing from others in the industry, appears to be kind of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

the lower Campanian-Santonian interval as well. So there's been a number of penetrations. So that's why
we're encouraged.

Now we've got a lot more drilling to do to fully understand the potential of this play. So in the second half,
we've got several more deep targets that are planned. Three will be what I call deepening. So there'll be
deep tails on Campanian targets, 2 of which John mentioned in his script, which are Whiptail. So both
Whiptail-1 and Whiptail-2 will be deepened down into the Santonian. The next one after that is Cataback
and then also Pinktail will have a deep tail on it as well. And then as I just discussed with Mr. Brackett,
there will be a deep stand-alone called Fangtooth. So just on the Stabroek Block, by the end of the year,
we'll have 13 total penetrations in the deeper stratigraphy. So we'll begin to now understand better how
it's all put together, where we think the hydrocarbons are, et cetera, et cetera. So keep watching this
space, evolving story, but -- very exciting, but again, we need more drilling to figure out where and what
we have.

Noel Augustus Parks
Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.

Great. And just to sort of extend in the other dimension. I seem to remember that the report you had last
quarter, 3 months ago, had some implications for aerial extent. And in this -- in the wells on the horizon,
second half of the year, are there any of those that will be particularly informative about the sort of the
aerial extent of the deeper zones?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Well, yes, it's a mosaic. It's a picture that we're trying to put together. So yes, I mean, we mentioned
Fangtooth, for example, being a very large structure -- stratigraphic feature, I should say. Obviously, if
that -- if the results of that are very positive, then we will probably want to follow up with an appraisal
well or a second well in that given that the structure is quite large, right? But some of these tails will also
inform the size of some of these as well because, of course, you're going after seismic features that you
see on seismic that are of various sizes. Some are big and some are smaller. So by definition, we'll get a
better understanding of that.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

And Greg, that's a great perspective on some of the exploration potential, some of the appraisal potential,
but you also might point out that we have a pretty active testing program between now and the end of the
year to address the aerial extent and productivity of potential developments, you might talk about that.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Absolutely. So remember, we'll be doing drill stem tests at Uaru, at Mako and then also Longtail before the
end of the year. So that will give us really key data to understand the size of those reservoirs in particular,
so.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

And ultimately, that helps us define the value of our -- and upgrade the value of our development queue
for projects going forward. So a very active program for the rest of the year, new targets, appraising
current targets and also testing them so we can upgrade the development queue of future oil projects.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

And I would anticipate on those lines that eventually we'll do a DST at Whiptail as well.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect. Have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

HESS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

