Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 

NYSE:HPE
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, September 02, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.42

0.47

11.90

0.49

1.89

1.96

Revenue  (mm)

6931.59

6897.00

(0.50 %)

7337.57

27798.34

28358.75

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-01-2021 3:46 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.34

0.42

0.42

0.42

0.37

0.52

0.46

0.47

8.82 %

23.81 %

9.52 %

11.90 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations &
Director

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Aaron Christopher Rakers
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kyle P. McNealy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Shek Ming Ho
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Earnings
Conference Call. My name is Matt, and I'll be your conference moderator for today's call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Andrew Simanek, Vice
President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Good afternoon. Andy Simanek, Head of Investor Relations for Hewlett Packard Enterprise. I'd like to
welcome you to our fiscal 2021 third quarter earnings conference call with Antonio Neri, HPE's President
and Chief Executive Officer; and Tarek Robbiati, HPE's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Before handing the call over to Antonio, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay of the
webcast will be made available shortly after the call for approximately 1 year.

We posted the press release and the slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our HPE
Investor Relations web page at investors.hpe.com. As always, elements of this presentation are forward-
looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. For more
detailed information, please see the disclaimers on the earnings materials relating to forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.

For a discussion of some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to HPE's filings with
the SEC, including its most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. HPE assumes no obligation and does not
intend to update any such forward-looking statements.

We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information
available at this time and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported in HPE's quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2021.

Also, for financial information that has been expressed on a non-GAAP basis, we have provided
reconciliations to the comparable GAAP information on our website. Please refer to the tables and
slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our website for details. Throughout this
conference call, all revenue growth rates, unless noted otherwise, are presented on a year-over-year basis
and adjusted to exclude the impact of currency.

Finally, we will be referencing the slides in our earnings presentation throughout our prepared remarks. As
mentioned, the earnings presentation can be found posted to our website and is also embedded within the
webcast player for this earnings call.

With that, let me turn it over to Antonio.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Andy. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining our call today. I am amazed by the
resilience of our customers, partners and team members. And I'm incredibly proud of the way Hewlett
Packard Enterprise continues to serve the needs of our global communities during such an unusual and
evolving circumstances.

We delivered a very impressive third quarter at HPE with strong orders growth, expanded margins and
record free cash flow. Overall, I am pleased to see how our differentiated portfolio is resonating with the
market and our edge-to-cloud strategy is driving improved momentum across our businesses. Based on

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

the strength of our Q3 performance and our confidence about our momentum in the market, we are again
raising our fiscal year 2021 EPS and free cash flow outlook, and we are also resuming stock repurchases.

Revenue in Q3 was $6.9 billion, in line with our outlook and normal sequential seasonality. Our Q3 orders
were up strong double digits year-over-year, and our year-to-date order volume has increased 11%,
showing the strength of our edge-to-cloud offerings. We significantly expanded our non-GAAP gross and
operating margins, driving our year-to-date non-GAAP operating profit and earnings per share, up 28%
and 27% year-over-year, respectively.

We generated record year-to-date free cash flow of $1.5 billion, up $1.1 billion year-over-year, putting
us well ahead of the original outlook we announced last October. I am particularly pleased that we
were able to deliver these results while mitigating against industry-wide supply constraints by taking
proactive inventory measures working closely with our suppliers and deploy our best-in-class engineering
capabilities to establish specific response plans.

The impact of the pandemic continue to accelerate the shift we predicted years ago to an edge-centric,
cloud-enabled and data-driven world. Now more than ever, there is a greater need for secure connectivity,
faster insights from data and a cloud experience everywhere. We expect these trends to continue. Digital
transformation is no longer a priority but a strategic imperative. To help our customers transform their
businesses and be future ready today, we have been focused on doubling down in key areas that are
resonating strongly in the market.

We had a record number of orders in both our Intelligent Edge business and High Performance Compute
& Mission Critical Solutions business. Due to strong demand and execution, these growth businesses now
make up nearly 25% of our total company revenue.

Our Intelligent Edge business accelerated its momentum again in Q3, with 23% year-over-year revenue
growth, driven by a record number of new orders. Strong customer demand for secure connectivity
has generated a backlog 5x greater than at the close of Q3 last year, as customers increasingly look for
solutions to collect, connect, analyze and act on data at the edge.

We are leaning into this demand and continue to invest and innovate at the edge. In June, we announced
new AI ops, IoT and security features for our Aruba Edge Services Platform, or ESP, designed to streamline
network operations, maximize IT efficiency and more easily extend the network from the edge to the
cloud.

our Aruba ESP continues to gain traction with customers in different verticals. In the third quarter,
customers including Save A Lot, Monument Health and Circa Resort & Casino, all standardized their
networks on Aruba ESP. In our High Performance Compute & Mission Critical Solutions business, revenue
was up 9% year-over-year, driven by a record number of new orders. We also generated a record order
book, which now exceeds $2.5 billion.

The exponential growth in data, along with AI and big data analytics, are all driving an increased need
for High Performance Computing & Mission Critical capabilities in enterprises of all sizes. To meet this
demand, we bolstered our artificial intelligence capabilities with the acquisition of Determined AI, a start-
up that delivers a puzzle software stack that to train AI models faster at any scale using its open source
machine learning platform.

We also continued to see an increasing number of customers accessing our high performance computer
solutions as-a-Service through HPE GreenLake. With our HPE GreenLake Cloud Services for HPC,
customers gained powerful specialized computing and AI capabilities with a sustainable cloud experience.

For example, in Q3, HPE was awarded a $2 billion contract to be realized over a 10-year period with the
National Security Agency to deliver high performance computing solutions through the HP GreenLake
platform. The service will help the National Security Agency efficiently process data and unlock new
insights in sustainable new ways. Our core businesses generated robust year-over-year orders growth as
well as strong profitability and free cash flow in the quarter. Year-to-date, Compute and Storage orders are
up mid-single digits, with Q3 operating margins of 11.2% and 15.1%, respectively.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

We continue to offer more of our core capabilities as-a-Service. In Q3, we introduced unified compute
operations as-a-Service through our HP GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform. This new cloud-based
management service simplifies provisioning and automates the management of compute infrastructure
wherever it resides.

Our Storage business is transforming into a cloud-native software defined data services business through
organic innovation and targeted acquisitions. In May, we introduced our new cloud data services available
through HPE GreenLake as well as a new HPE Alletra cloud native data infrastructure. And just this week,
we closed the acquisition of Zerto, an industry leader in cloud data management and protection and run
some way of data recovery services, which will be soon available as-a-Service through HPE GreenLake.

This acquisition immediately positions HPE GreenLake in the high-growth data protection market with
a proven scale solution. HPE was the first to market 4 years ago in delivering and as-a-Service cloud
experience on-premises in a colocation or at the edge with HPE GreenLake. Today, our HPE GreenLake
edge-to-cloud platform has more than 1,100 customers. Our annualized revenue run rate this quarter was
$705 million, up 33% year-over-year, driven by strong as-a-Service orders growth, up 46% year-over-
year.

Organizations across sectors, including retail, health care, financial services and public sector, are turning
to HPE GreenLake. For instance, we helped Liberty Mutual shift from a traditional CapEx IT spend to a new
pay-as-you-go model, creating a cloud experience on-premises to provide transparency into consumption
while improving their speed in adapting to capacity demands.

They standardized critical workloads on HPE Synergy delivered through HPE GreenLake, resulting in a
reduced data center footprint and significant cost savings, including a monthly unit rate well below public
cloud alternatives.

We also see in the power of the full HPE edge-to-cloud portfolio as customers are turning to HPE for
integrated solutions that combine secure connectivity, data insight capabilities and cloud experiences.

Woolworths Group Australia and New Zealand's largest retailer, selected HPE GreenLake to power its new
Wpay payment platform. They needed a solution that combine a powerful mission-critical architecture with
ability to scale and also provide a better cost efficiency back to Wpay and its merchant partners. Delivered
through HPE GreenLake, their solution leverages our full edge-to-cloud portfolio, including HPE Aruba, HPE
NonStop, HPE Primera and HPE Synergy. HPE Pointnext Services also provided expertise to us over the
company's digital transformation.

I believe this is a great example of the power of our HPE edge-to-cloud portfolio. To extend our leadership
position in cloud services and further accelerate our pivot as-a-Service, we are relentlessly innovating.
We made several compelling announcements at HPE Discover in June. I am particularly excited about
our new HPE GreenLake Lighthouse offering, a secure cloud native stack built with HPE Ezmeral software
to autonomously optimize different workloads across hybrid estate, reducing time to deployment and
operating costs.

We also introduced Project Aurora to secure the enterprise, embedded in our HPE GreenLake edge-to-
cloud platform. Project Aurora automatically and continuously verifies and attests the integrity of the
hardware, freeware operating systems, platforms and workloads, while also detecting advanced threats.

And finally, demonstrating our continued commitment to acquiring assets that complement our own
capabilities, we acquired data platform developer Ampool. Ampool will accelerate HPE Ezmeral analytics
run time to deliver high-performance analytics for engineers and business analysts.

I am proud of HPE's performance in Q3 and year-to-date and the significant progress we have made in
becoming the edge-to-cloud company. The momentum we have in the market compel us to move even
further and faster, and our ability to transform with increasing speed is imperative. This transformation
is my #1 priority. At this pivotal moment, our purpose to advance the way people in the work has never
been more important. Our vision to become the edge-to-cloud company is proving its tremendous
relevance and our portfolio is winning in the marketplace.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Fueled by our purpose, vision and portfolio, we have the opportunity to build a more digitally enabled
inclusive world. We have a mandate to imagine new digital transformation strategies that support our own
ESG goals and those of our customers, leading to better business outcomes and societal impact. We will
never waver from our commitment to being a force for good and a strategic partner for our customers.

We will continue to bring bold new innovation to our customers, and we will continue to create value for
our shareholders. And I'm grateful for the incredible team, and I'm confident in and excited about the
future.

I hope you will join us for our virtual Security Analyst Meeting on October 28 to hear more about our
position in the market, our priorities and our outlook for the year ahead.

I will now turn it over to Tarek.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you very much, Antonio. I'll start with a summary of our financial results for the third quarter
of fiscal year 2021. As usual, I'll be referencing the slides from our earnings presentation to guide you
through our performance in the quarter. Antonio discussed the key highlights on Slides 1 and 2. So now let
me discuss our Q3 performance, starting with Slide 3.

I'm pleased to report that we are experiencing very strong demand across all of our businesses. Q3 was
marked by accelerating order growth, strong gross and operating margin expansion and robust cash flow
generation. Building on the strength from the last quarter, we delivered Q3 revenues of $6.9 billion, up
3% from the prior quarter and in line with normal sequential seasonality, also in line with our outlook that
factored in some of the expected supply chain constraints we flagged.

We're working to ensure disruption is minimal by taking proactive measures and coordinating with
our world-class suppliers to establish tailored recovery plans. I am particularly proud of our non-GAAP
gross margin that hit another record level of 34.7%, up 40 basis points sequentially and up 420 basis
points from the prior year period. This is driven by our deliberate actions to shift towards higher-margin
software-rich offerings, strong pricing discipline and cost takeout.

As previously indicated, we continue to invest in high-growth, margin-rich areas of our portfolio, both
in R&D and go-to-market, particularly in Aruba Software and as-a-Service, which increased our non-
GAAP operating expenses in the quarter. We also booked 2 onetime charging totally $28 million for a legal
settlement and bad debt associated with likely fraud involving a channel partner in APJ.

Even with these investments and onetime charges, our non-GAAP operating margin was 9.8%, up 190
basis points from the prior year, which translates to a 25% year-over-year increase in operating profit. We
continue to be focused on driving further efficiencies in the business. Within other income and expense,
we benefited from stronger operational performance in H3C and strong gains related to increased
valuations in our Pathfinder venture portfolio.

As a result, we now expect other income and expense for fiscal year '21 to be an income of approximately
$50 million. With strong execution across the business and despite 2 unanticipated onetime charges, we
ended the quarter with non-GAAP EPS of $0.47, up 31% from the prior year and above the higher end of
our outlook range for Q3.

Q3 cash flow from operations was $1.1 billion, and free cash flow was $526 million. This puts us at a
record $1.5 billion of year-to-date free cash flow, up $1.1 billion from the prior year, driven primarily
by an increase in operating profit. Finally, the strength of our business has positioned us to contribute
substantial capital to our shareholders. We paid $157 million of dividends in the quarter and are declaring
a Q4 dividend today of $0.12 per share payable in October.

We are also announcing today the resumption of share buybacks as a result of greater free cash flow
generation and visibility. I'll come back to capital allocation more broadly when we discuss the outlook.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Now let's turn to our segment highlights on Slide 4. Our growth businesses, which now represent nearly
25% of our total company revenue, are executing strongly and experiencing record order levels. In the
Intelligent Edge, we accelerated our top line momentum with record levels of orders and 23% year-over-
year revenue growth. Switching was up over 20% year-over-year, whereas wireless LAN experienced more
acute supply constraints and was up mid-single digits. Additionally, the Edge-as-a-Service offerings were
up triple digits year-over-year, which reflects enabling software platforms as well as Network-as-a-Service.

We also continue to see strong operating margins at 15.8% in Q3, up 540 basis points year-over-year,
which included a $17 million onetime legal settlement that impacted margins by 2 points. Silver Peak
continues to perform strongly and contributed 7 points to the Intelligent Edge growth. In addition, we
started generating meaningful revenue synergies by cross-selling the Aruba portfolio, which reinforces the
merits of the Silver Peak deal.

In HPC & MCS, demand strengthened even further with a record order level. Revenue grew 9% year-
over-year as we continue to achieve more customer acceptance milestones and deliver on more than $2.5
billion of awarded contracts, including the contract that Antonio mentioned with the NSA worth $2 billion
over 10 years. We remain on track to deliver on our full year and 3-year revenue growth CAGR target of
8% to 12%.

In Compute, revenue grew 4% quarter-over-quarter, reflecting normal sequential seasonality despite
previously anticipated supply chain tightness. Operating margins of 11.2%, were up 190 basis points from
the prior year, due to disciplined pricing and the rightsizing of the cost structure in this segment. Within
Storage, revenue grew 1% year-over-year and 3% quarter-over-quarter, ahead of normal sequential
seasonality, driven by strong growth in software-defined offerings.

Nimble grew 10% year-over-year, with ongoing strong dHCI momentum, growing double digits year-
over-year. All-Flash Arrays grew by over 30% year-over-year, led by Primera. The mix shift towards more
software-rich platforms helped drive Storage operating margins to 15.1%, up 10 basis points year-over-
year, offset by continued investments in our cloud data services.

With respect to Pointnext operational services, including Nimble services, revenue grew for the third
consecutive quarter year-over-year as reported with both order and revenue growth expected for fiscal
year '21. Within HPE Financial Services, revenue was flat year-over-year and sequentially. While our bad
debt loss ratio did increase slightly to 94 basis points this quarter, it was entirely due to a onetime $11
million reserve charge related to the already mentioned likely fraud in APJ by a channel partner.

Absent this one-off event, our bad debt loss ratio would have improved to just 61 basis points aligned to
pre-pandemic levels. More importantly, we continue to see improved cash collections above pre-pandemic
levels. Our operating margin was 11.1%, up 300 basis points from the prior year. And our return on equity
at 18.3%, is well above the 15% plus target set at SAM.

Slide 5 highlights the key metrics of our growing as-a-Service business. We have made significant
progress since our Analyst Day last October by adding over 200 new enterprise GreenLake customers to
over 1,100 today and increasing our TCV by over $1 billion to a current lifetime TCV of well over $5 billion.

For Q3 specifically, our ARR was $705 million, which was up 33% year-over-year as reported, and total
as-a-Service orders were up 46% year-over-year. It is also important to note that the mix of our ARR is
becoming more and more software-rich as we build out our GreenLake Cloud Platform, which is improving
our margin profile. We look forward to providing more disclosure around our software and services mix at
our Analyst Day later this fall, which I believe reinforces the significant value add of GreenLake. Overall,
based on strong customer demand and recent wins, I am very happy with how this business is executing
and progressing towards achieving our ARR growth target of 30% to 40% CAGR from FY '20 to FY '23.

Slide 6 highlights our revenue and EPS performance to date where you can clearly see the strong rebound
from last year and sustained momentum for the last 3 quarters. The demand environment continues to
strengthen. And with the operational execution of our cost optimization and resource allocation program,
we have increased non-GAAP EPS in Q3 by 31% year-over-year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Turning to Slide 7. We delivered another record non-GAAP gross margin rate in Q3 of 34.7% of revenues,
which was up 40 basis points sequentially and up 420 basis points from the prior year. This was driven
by strong pricing discipline and a positive mix shift towards high-margin software-rich businesses
like the Intelligent Edge and next-generation storage offerings. We have also benefited from our new
segmentation we implemented beginning of fiscal year 2020, that gives us much better visibility into each
business unit and enables the better resource allocation and discipline to drive operating leverage.

Moving to Slide 8. You can also see we have expanded non-GAAP operating profit margin substantially
from pandemic lows to 9.8%, which is up 190 basis points from the prior year period. We are driving
further productivity benefits and delivering the expected savings from our cost optimization plan, while
simultaneously increasing our investment levels in R&D and field selling costs, which are critical to fuel our
long-term innovation engine and revenue growth targets.

As mentioned previously, Q3 operating expenses also included onetime charges not included in our
guidance, totaling $28 million for a legal settlement and the likely [ forgery ] involving a partner. Excluding
these one-off charges, our operating margin would have been 10.2%.

Turning to Slide 9. We generated a record year-to-date levels of cash flow with $2.9 billion of cash flow
from operations and $1.5 billion of free cash flow, which is up $1.1 billion year-over-year. This was
primarily driven by increased operating profit. I would like also to underscore that this year, our free cash
flow seasonality will be different than in prior years. We expect increased Financial Services volume that
include more than $150 million in Q4 financing for a very large deal that is predominantly GreenLake and
will benefit our ARR margins for years to come.

We also have further restructuring payments and growing working capital needs as we continue to buffer
our inventory levels in the light of the disruption in the global IT supply chain. Now moving on to Slide 10,
let me remind everyone about the strength of our diversified balance sheet. As of July 31, the operating
company net cash balance turned positive due to our strong free cash flow. Furthermore, we made
additional progress during the quarter, securitizing over $750 million of financial services-related debt
through the ABS market.

The refinancing of higher cost unsecured debt with ABS financing allows us to boost access to financing
market at a cheaper cost of debt capital as well as diversify and segregate our balance sheet between
our operating company and our Financial Services business. Bottom line, our improved free cash flow
outlook and cash position ensure we have ample liquidity to run our operations, continuing to invest in our
business to drive growth and return capital to shareholders.

Now turning to our outlook on Slide 11. I'm very pleased to announce that we are once again raising
our full year guidance to reflect the continued momentum in the demand environment and our strong
execution. This will be the fourth guidance increase since SAM in October 2020. We now expect to deliver
fiscal year '21 non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share between $1.88 and $1.96. With respect to
supply chain, as indicated last quarter, industry-wide tightening somewhat constrained our supply as
expected. We continue to take proactive inventory measures where possible. And you can see our efforts
in inventory balances that increased $1.3 billion year-to-date that also reflects the strengthening demand
environment and a substantial order book we have across the business.

We expect the challenged supply chain conditions to persist until at least the middle of calendar year
2022 and have factored these into our revenues, costs and cash flow outlook. From a top line perspective,
although we remain prudent given the challenged supply chain environment, we are very pleased with
the accelerating Q3 order momentum across all segments of the business. More specifically for Q4 '21, we
expect revenue to be above our normal sequential seasonality from Q3 and are comfortable with current
consensus levels.

For Q4 '21, we expect GAAP diluted net EPS of $0.14 to $0.22 and non-GAAP diluted net EPS of $0.44
to $0.52. Additionally, given our record levels of free cash flow year-to-date and confidence in our raised
outlook, I'm very pleased to announce that we are also raising fiscal year '21 free cash flow guidance to
$1.5 billion to $1.7 billion, that is a $600 million increase at the midpoint from our original SAM guidance
with the top end of this free cash flow guidance range at the peak levels attained in fiscal year '19.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

As you recall, at the end of the first half of fiscal year 2020, we suspended our share buybacks to preserve
liquidity in the context of the global pandemic disruption. Although we continue to operate in a challenged
supply environment, our order momentum and improved cash flow generation visibility give us confidence
to reinstate our share repurchase program. We are targeting up to $250 million of share repurchases in Q4
of fiscal year '21, and we'll update investors on our capital management policy for fiscal year '22 at SAM in
October.

As a reminder, we always follow a disciplined, return-based capital allocation framework to maximize
long-term shareholder value. Our #1 priority remains delivering sustainable profitable growth through
both organic and inorganic M&A investments while remaining committed to paying dividends to our
shareholders. In addition, we will consider opportunistic share buybacks when we see a favorable return
for doing so.

So overall, and to conclude, I am very proud of the progress we have made year-to-date in fiscal
year '21. It's clear that our edge-to-cloud strategy is resonating with customers and driving improved
momentum across all of our businesses. Our growth businesses in the Intelligent Edge and HPC/MCS
have accelerated top line performance with record levels of orders. Our core business of Compute and
Storage is demonstrating momentum with robust orders and improved margins and our as-a-Service ARR
is accelerating.

All of this translates to improving revenue momentum, strong profitability growth and record levels of free
cash flow. We look forward to closing out our fiscal year much leaner, better resourced and positioned to
capitalize on the strong demand environment. Lastly, as Antonio mentioned, we look forward to having
you join us for our virtual Securities Analyst Meeting in late October, where we will provide an update on
our strategy, business insights and financial outlook.
Now with that, let's open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess the question is really around the free cash flow generation. I think you're implying, based on the
[ rate ] free cash flow guide, that we'll do around $100 million or so of free cash flow in Q4. That, I think,
would be one of the softest [indiscernible] you've seen. So maybe just quantify some of the dynamics that
are at play that's driving that part. You have talked about a few of them, but just quantify the headwind
there?

And then secondly, the focus has always been getting to this $2 billion free cash flow number longer term.
Maybe touch on what are the key levers to get to this $2 billion number? And how much of that is self-
help versus revenue driven?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Thank you, Amit, for the question. So yes, our free cash flow for Q4 is north of $100 million is
actually implied in our guidance is about $150 million in Q4. And this figure reflects a different seasonal
profile that we have had this year in terms of our revenue and expense profile, but also a couple of very
important dynamics that I would like to underscore.

First of all, we have to continue to make investments in our inventory level to withstand the supply chain
constraints that we flagged for several quarters now. Second, in Q4 of fiscal year '21, in my script, I
described a very, very large GreenLake deal that will impact free cash flow in Q4, but that will generate
substantial ARR revenue in subsequent quarters. This is a deal in several hundred millions of dollars
that we have not announced yet, but it is already something that we're financing, and this is affecting
therefore, free cash flow already as of Q4 of fiscal year '21.

Thirdly, we are still peaking on restructuring costs in fiscal year '21, and we feel very positive about our
cost optimization and resource allocation program, which will wind down at the end of fiscal year '22. And
so this is a nice segue to tell you about our guidance towards fiscal year '22 and the $2 billion target that
we have. We continue to expect revenue growth in fiscal year '22 with the momentum that carries out of
fiscal year '21.

And also, the restructuring cost program winding down will be a key determinant of our generation of free
cash flow in fiscal year '22. So hopefully, I gave you color there. Antonio, you want to add something?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

No. The only thing I would say, Amit, is that, listen, Tarek made this comment in his remarks is the fact of
the matter on the high end, on the top end of that guidance, we give you $1.7 billion is almost the same
number we achieved in 2020 -- 2019. And therefore, in many ways, we are almost a year ahead of our
commitment. Because if you recall, we said we're going to return to normalized free cash flow in 2022.
And the reality, even when you finance this large deal that the venture we're going to communicate has
nothing to do with NSA deal. We are already almost at the same number. So that's why we are so pleased
on the momentum that we have, but it's a momentum based on the order growth and all the actions
we have taken and the deliberate shift in our portfolio to higher margins. And that's what you see in our
numbers in Q3, right? It's a record-breaking gross margin of 34.7%.

Operator

The next question will come from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to see if you could discuss what you've done and what you plan to do in regards to price
increases? And help us understand how this affects your sales growth and margins?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks, Simon, for the question. I will start, and then I will let Tarek comment. Listen, we take
pricing actions all the time. In fact, we probably are the first to take pricing action in our industry, I
will say. We continue to assess what is the right strategy by segment and making sure that we take
those actions where appropriate. And the fact of the matter is that we have increased pricing even
[indiscernible] that's a fact. And we do that in the context of, obviously, supply availability, [ still in ]
demand in the right portfolio and obviously inflationary costs associated with some of the commodities.

At the same time, remember, there is also new innovation, I guess, built in our products, which have
structural impact in the sense that where you look at our infrastructure, right? New technologies drive 2/3
of the pricing in many ways in the [indiscernible]. But we could take closer actions all the time, Simon,
and we will continue to do so. And that's part of the reason also why we see record breaking margins, but
in addition to the fact that we are still in demand in the right place and driving the mix shift that we talked
before. So Tarek, I know you want to get more specific probably.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Antonio, and thank you, Simon, for the question. We have in this context where you have a
constrained supply environment to be very careful around managing pricing, right? And we have taken
action that is translating in this record level of gross margin at 34.7%. Some of our competitors didn't
take that action, and it's down to them and up to them. But we feel that the current environment is calling
for a [ decent ] approach to pricing, and we see an encouraged balanced pricing behavior across the
market.

So more specifically, with respect to our units and AUPs in Compute, I'm sure someone will ask the
question, AUP was up mid- to high single digits quarter-on-quarter, reflecting pass-through of commodity
cost and richer configurations, as always, configurations that are richer play a big role in the AUP, but
also pricing in this case. And units were flat quarter-over-quarter, given some expected supply chain
constraints.

So we feel pretty good about performance in Compute in that regard. It's still a business that we have
to manage very, very carefully on a day-to-day basis because of the supply environment being volatile
forces us to do so, but we still see scope for continuous gross margin improvement across the board and
in compute as well.

Operator

The next question will come from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.

Aaron Christopher Rakers
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'm going to ask for one clarification real quick. Just how would you define normal seasonality in fiscal
4Q? And then kind of the longer-term question would be Tarek, you've done a phenomenal job of driving
gross margin leverage in the company. I'd just love to hear your thoughts on as you think about the
mix of business going forward, where do you think ultimately gross margin can actually go? What's the
normalized gross margin in your mind given the mix that HPE is driving?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

So let me pick up the first question on the normalized seasonality, typically, what you observe in terms of
sequential quarter-over-quarter growth, I would say it's somewhere in the low single digits around the 1%
to 2% range between Q3 and Q4. So Q4 and Q3 growth is about that level. Like I said in my script, I'm
comfortable with the current consensus on revenue for Q4, and we feel pretty good about this. The order
book is very, very solid.

Antonio underscored this across the board, our order book is super solid. Now the question is, how much
of that can be really accelerate in terms of conversion in Q4. And it's every day is another day. So we're
working through that. And this obviously has an impact on gross margins, right? Because the more
you wait for fulfilling an order, the more you can have an adverse impact on gross margins. But we feel
fairly comfortable with us managing this dynamic and particularly leveraging or pulling the levers across
the board that we have, such as our revenue mix, I want to highlight to you the continuous growth in
Aruba, this level of growth in Aruba on our Intelligent Edge business of 23% comes with very high-calorie
revenue, and we feel very, very comfortable and pleased with that trend.

Also, our growth in Storage, which comes with very high-calorie gross margin revenue is pleasing at 3%.
We took share from some of our main competitors. And this gives you an idea that we have a few strings
in our bow, so to speak, to actually continue to drive gross margins to better levels.

Operator

Our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

You sound very bullish on order momentum. And it seems like you can't capitalize on the full strong
demand, given some of the supply chain impacts. Is there any way to quantify the magnitude of sort of
what is this revenue impact perhaps in the quarter? And what you're expecting for maybe the next few
quarters? And how confident are you that these orders won't be canceled or lost to other vendors?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Well, we are very confident in the sense that we have taken proactive actions. We continue to take
proactive actions. You can imagine a person involved with some of these conversations with suppliers.
But if you look at our order buffering -- sorry, inventory buffering we took, right. Our inventory is up $1.3
billion. And at the same time, right, we have, I think, one of the best-in-class engineering team that they
can swap things as we go along the way.

That said, as I look at this order book, there is so much potential upside here. It's all about the daily
conversion. And so far, once -- we have not seen any cancellations. Just to be clear, when people ask me,
hey, this is perishable? No. I can tell you, the answer is definitely no. I think it's because also customers
realize it's not just a supply constraint, but a need to provision more compute and data insight capabilities.

And then as I said earlier, even despite the fact that our Intelligent Edge business exited with a 5x backlog
on that unique segment of the market, we still delivered 23% in constant currency, 27% growth. And
that's why Tarek said, we expect revenue to continue to grow and in particular, '22. And then to the
question that was asked earlier about margin, the margin strengthening over time because of the mix
shift. And that Aruba is very important to us. But fundamentally, I think our edge-to-cloud vision and
strategy is absolutely resonated in the market because customers need 3 things.

They need secure connectivity in this cyber world, they need a cloud experience everywhere, and then
they need data insights yesterday in my view. And then we need to be able to consume it as-a-Service in
an elastic way. We have all the 4 ingredients, and that's why we are going to accelerate further and faster
this strategy because it's working.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

And Wamsi, if I can add to Antonio's comments, in my mind, there is no point crying over a spilled milk.
If we could have converted more, we would have converted more, but it doesn't really matter. The order
momentum and the order book remains strong and what we didn't convert in Q3 would convert in Q4 and
subsequent quarters. To specifically give you an idea of where we would have ended in Q3, we probably
would have ended above seasonal trends that we see between Q2 and Q3 by a low single-digit percentage
number. But the momentum is very strong in Q4 and also for '22. That's the interesting bit.

In the environment that we're operating in, the demand is very solid. And the supply constraints, we don't
see them ending before the first half of calendar year '22. So we just have to navigate this as the capacity
of all our manufacturing partners is not back to pre-pandemic levels, and that will still take a good 2 to 3
quarters.

Operator

Our next question will come from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.

Shek Ming Ho
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And congrats on solid progress on the ARR side and the cash flow. My question is on the HPC segment.
You suggested the full year HPC revenue will grow within the target range of 8% to 12%. Is that on a
revenue basis or order basis? And it is revenue it would imply fiscal Q4 will see at least 50% growth. Am I
doing the math correctly? And so what's driving such growth? I understand revenues could be quite lumpy
in this business.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Let me start and Tarek is welcome to. Listen, as you said, right, this business is lumpy because of the
time it takes to book the order to build the ship and they install it and then most importantly, customer
accept the order, meaning the workload that was intended to run on is active, is in production. And we
normally see this trend accelerate in the back half of the year because of the way the acceptances work.

So we absolutely expect a significant uptick here. And that's why we are very confident in our ability to
deliver for the year 2021, the 8% to 12% growth that we committed since the beginning, actually 2021.
And we have a number of deals that are all now running the, what we call, the testing cycles and fairly
confident about the customer acceptances, which would allow us to recognize revenue.

This has nothing to do with supply availability in many ways because, obviously, those systems, in many
ways, has already shipped and they are already deployed. It's just getting through the cycle for the
customer to get the performance that they need. And there is quite a bit of tuning that gets done when
the systems are deployed.

But to Tarek's point, the demand is unbelievably strong. Put aside the $2 billion award that we got
yesterday -- we announced yesterday, we continue to win multiple -- multimillion-dollar deals in many
aspects, and you can see some of those, as we announced throughout the quarter. And that's the power of
the portfolio we have in high-performance computing and specifically, tool for these AI and deep learning
capabilities.

And by the way, we have $2.5 billion of awarded business, which I don't consider backlog is business that
will be delivered over the next 12 to 18 months, particularly the large extra scale systems, which are an
amazing feat of technology, I will say.

Operator

The next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

I was wondering if you can quantify how the shift to GreenLake and recurring revenue and as-a-Service
is impacting revenue? If there's any way to sort of quantify where you would have been if you hadn't sort
of made the shift at this point? And I'm also curious, with regard to GreenLake, how are your customer
conversations going? I'm not sure how many quarters ago, you said we're shifting everything to at least
have an option from a script -- subscription standpoint. So I'm just wondering if it's still kind of a push to
customers? Or is there more of a pull from them as they look at alternatives to cloud?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Shannon. I mean we are incredibly bullish about this business. I think we have a competitive
advantage, and the competitive advantage come from many aspects. One is the software. Software that
makes this consumption model -- through consumption model unlike some of the other ones that we're
trying to catch up, which is more a financial engineering in many ways, understand everybody is getting
into the space. but we have years of leadership here.

And the conversation goes as simple as this. I want the cloud experience on-prem and at the edge,
and we can bring that through GreenLake because it is a true cloud experience that you can consume
elastically on a per unit measure that we can measure all the way to core levels and be able to automate
the whole experience through our software stack, which obviously [ HPE Ezmeral ] now is becoming a very
important component of that.

And that's why Tarek made the comment earlier, as we go through the SAM end of October, we're going
to give a little better disclosure of that because the software content of the ARR continues to increase.
Aruba by definition, Shannon, is already all software, right? And he said that a 3 -- triple-digit growth is
happening in that business because you are subscribing to get connectivity. And our platform is a cloud
platform at scale because we manage now more than 1.5 million devices.

But it's not a pool, I will say. When customers are becoming way more sophisticated about the hybrid
estate, where they should host the data and whether you should run the [indiscernible], they realize
that the vast majority are still on-premise and many of them will stay on-premise. It's just economics
and physics. And we can deliver some experience on-prem and still give them a hybrid experience by
managing the workloads and datasets outside their 4 walls. And GreenLake is absolutely resonating.
And that's why you see us catering everything to GreenLake, whether it's connectivity, whether it's data
services, whether it is elastic computing and more workload optimized services as we go along.

And that's why I said earlier, this is all about acceleration on that. And between now and March, you're
going to see a massive acceleration and that's why it's my #1 priority. And by the way, as revenue is
accretive from a gross margin perspective. So Tarek, do you want to talk about that?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, absolutely. So Shannon, what I would say is if you refer back to Slide 5 of our investor presentation,
we showed you the stack of revenue that composes our ARR, right? So our GreenLake revenue is across
all segments, so Compute, HPC/MCS, Storage, Aruba and also HPE FS, as you can infer from that slide.
And the more we drive GreenLake by way of software, the more accretive it is to the overall gross margin
of the company, that's a key lever to drive gross margin moving forward.

We're driving gross margin across every single stream lane through the revenue mix and across also
that revenue mix horizontally by way of pivoting the company to become an as-a-Service. So far, what I
could tell you is that the GreenLake gross margin is substantially higher than the average gross margin
of the company that we posted today. And we look forward, Antonio and I to update you and every other
member of the analyst community at our virtual SAM event in October, highlighting to you where we see
the ARR growing and its mix by segment moving forward.

And in composition, how much of it is software and how much of it comes from other types of revenue
streams, such as Pointnext OS, which are very important to the profitability of the company.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Operator

Our next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Speaking of GreenLake, the $2 billion NSA contract is a great success story for that business. Should we
assume that the $2 billion of revenue is recognized ratably over the 10-year contract? Or will there still be
lumpiness like you've seen in HPC historically? And then also, when does that start to impact the financial
model? And then I have a follow-up.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think it will be definitely recognized over time. There will be periods will be a little bit more lumpy
because of the infrastructure, but start recognizing here in 2022 immediately. In fact, we're expecting
here the first order happening now and start shipping soon. But obviously, the one thing you need to
understand about this deal is not just about selling infrastructure and consumer as-a-Service through HPE
GreenLake is a true as-a-Service model and managing it at the same time. So we are operating the whole
environment. which is a bit different than it used to be in the past.

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Thanks, Katy. I know you had a follow-up, we'll catch you after the call.

Operator

Our next question will come from Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Our next question will come from Kyle McNealy
with Jefferies.

Kyle P. McNealy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Congrats on the strong results in Intelligent Edge. But I'm curious on where you think we can go from
here. It's been growing at faster than what the market has typically grown at in the past. We realized that
WiFi 6 adoption curve is helping that. But how sustainable do you think this 20% plus growth rate is that
we're seeing now? And should we expect some deceleration in there? Or is there potential for continued
momentum or acceleration with WiFi 6 upgrades?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Listen, I expect this business to continue to grow double digits, right? And we are very confident with
that forecast and honestly maintaining or improve it even the level of profitability because as Tarek made
earlier -- made the comment earlier, right? This quarter was impacted by a settlement on a legal matter
that has been going on for a decade. And so I'm pleased that, that finally it has completed, which was $17
million that we booked for this and has nothing to do with Aruba. It just happened way before Aruba for
that matter.

And so the reason why I'm confident is because we have a unique value proposition. The value proposition
of Aruba is a mobile-first, cloud-first, which is based on 3 layers. One is the unification of the network for
whatever type of connectivity you need, which is WiFi to your point WiFi 6 has now been adopted. And we
are, I think, the largest vendor shipping WiFi access points.

Second is, obviously, LAN. Third is WAN, and that's why this acquisition of Silver Peak has been incredible
well received by our customers and very timely because it's integrated now in the same control play. And
going forward, we're going to integrate more solutions like 5G and edge computing. And that's why this
edge-to-cloud platform is so essential. But the Aruba Edge Platform is what allows us to deliver the entire
edge-to-cloud platform because now that the platform also serves as the back end to deliver [ IS ] for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

customers on-prem and at the edge for compute and storage too, including data services or workload
optimized solutions. So super pleased. And remember what I said, we executed 3 2021 with a 5x backlog
on our normal run rate seen in Aruba and the bookings were very, very strong, super strong.

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Great. Thanks, Kyle, for the question. And I think that takes us about time, so that will be our final
question. Antonio, why don't I turn it over to you for any final remarks that you have?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So again, thank you for making the time today. Again, we are very pleased with our Q3 results, which
again was marked by the order strong momentum in line revenue expectations, but most importantly, a
strong improvement in gross and operating margin and record year-to-date orders and free cash flow. And
that gives us the confidence to, once again, for the fourth time in the year to raise EPS and free cash flow
and enter 2022 with good visibility about what we think is going to happen.

I'm particularly bullish about the IT spend cycle. People ask me, what do you think the Delta virus is going
to do? It's going to do nothing on demand I can tell you that now. It may have some impact on supply
availability, but nothing on demand. Let me be clear about that. And the reason why is because customers
need to digitize their business. They need to create a more IT resilient environment.

And honestly, they need to attract inside from the data at the pace we've never seen before. And our
edge-to-cloud platform strategy is resonating. So thank you for making the time to be with us today, and I
hope to catch up at the end of October on Security Analyst Meeting.

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Perfect. Thank you. Operator, I think we can go ahead and close out the call.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our call for today. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

