Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 

NYSE:HPE
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 21, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.29

0.22

(24.14 %)

0.27

1.35

1.55

Revenue  (mm)

6282.32

6009.00

(4.35 %)

6210.71

26000.69

26507.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-20-2020 12:46 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

0.40

0.46

0.44

0.29

0.45

0.49

0.44

0.22

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12.50 %

6.52 %

0.00 %

(24.14 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sonalee Parekh
Senior VP of Corporate
Development & Investor Relations
and Advisor to the CFO

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jacob Michael Wilhelm
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jyhhaw Liu
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kanghui Ong
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Earnings
Conference Call. My name is Eiley, and I'll be your conference moderator for today's call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Sonalee Parekh, Senior
Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please proceed.

Sonalee Parekh
Senior VP of Corporate Development & Investor Relations and Advisor to the CFO

Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. This is Sonalee Parekh, SVP of Corporate Development and
Investor Relations for Hewlett Packard Enterprise. I would like to welcome you to our fiscal 2020 second
quarter earnings conference call with Antonio Neri, HPE's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tarek
Robbiati, HPE's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Before handing the call over to Antonio, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay of the
webcast will be made available shortly after the call for approximately 1 year. We posted the press release
and the slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our HPE Investor Relations web page
at investors.hpe.com.

As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world
and our businesses as we see them today. For more detailed information, please see the disclaimers
on the earnings materials relating to forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. For a discussion of some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to HPE's
filings with the SEC, including its most recent Form 10-K. HPE assumes no obligation and does not intend
to update any such forward-looking statements.

We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information
available at this time and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported in HPE's quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2020. Also, for financial information that
has been expressed on a non-GAAP basis, we have provided reconciliations to the comparable GAAP
information on our website. Please refer to the tables and slide presentation accompanying today's
earnings release on our website for details. Throughout this conference call, all revenue growth rates,
unless noted otherwise, are presented on a year-over-year basis and adjusted to exclude the impact of
currency.

Finally, please note that after Antonio provides his high-level remarks, Tarek will be referencing the slides
and our earnings presentation throughout his prepared remarks. As mentioned, the earnings presentation
can be found posted to our website and is also embedded within the webcast player for this earnings call.

With that, let me turn it over to Antonio.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Sonalee. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is safe and
healthy.

[Technical Difficulty]

Operator

Pardon me. Ladies and gentlemen, we seem to be experiencing some technical difficulties. Antonio, your
line may be on mute?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes, thank you. Sorry, I had a problem with my phone. So thanks, Sonalee. Good afternoon, everyone.
Thank you for joining us today and I hope everyone is safe and healthy. Our fiscal Q2 results represent a
full quarter of operating during the coronavirus-19 (sic) [ COVID-19 ] crisis. This pandemic is unlike any
other crisis we faced, and it has brought significant economic disruption. Businesses and communities
are struggling. Supply chain productivity continues to be significantly constrained, and the demand
environment is uneven. The market for capabilities like remote connectivity and virtual desktop solutions
is stronger than precrisis in certain segments, and we are well positioned in those areas. But overall,
customers are understandably cautious given so much uncertainty.

These dynamics had a significant impact on our financial performance this quarter given the economic
lockdowns since February. Our overall Q2 revenue declined by 15% to $6 billion, which led to a 42%
decline in our non-GAAP operating profit. This was a tough quarter by every measure, and I am, of course,
disappointed in the results, but I do not view our Q2 performance as a reflection of our capabilities nor of
the opportunity ahead of us.

Through this unsettling time, I have been really proud of our response that is aligned to our purpose
to advance the way people live and work. We consider it a responsibility to help the world navigate this
pandemic. We have prioritized protecting the health and safety of our team members and supporting our
customers and partners as we weather this storm together.

At the outset, we moved quickly to mobilize crisis management teams around the world. We took decisive
steps to ensure our team members' safety and well-being. We closed all of our sites and rapidly moved
team members to work from home except for those who are performing mission-critical roles. We
expanded team members' benefits to cover coronavirus-19 testing and treatment, enhanced mental health
support and provided tools and resources to keep people connected and productive.

We also responded with important initiatives to address key needs created by the pandemic. We
made substantial donations through HPE's foundation and designated $2 billion in financing through
HPE Financial Services to our customers and partners with financial hardships. Our Aruba networking
capabilities have been deployed in drive-up and virtual health care clinics and in schools that are
facilitating distance learning. And our high-performance computing solutions are helping scientists and
leading research institutions speed up drug discovery with complex modeling, simulation, AI and machine
learning capabilities.

We joined forces with the U.S. government and other high-tech companies to form the White House High
Performance Computing Consortium, giving coronavirus-19 researchers access to HPC resources. HPE also
signed the Open COVID pledge, granting free access to all of our patented technologies for the purpose of
diagnosing, preventing and treating the virus.

We have also adapted to deliver much needed capabilities and experiences to aid our customers'
transformations as they navigate this difficult time. Through an improved sales coverage model aligned
to market segments, our Intelligent Edge business continued to outperform the market while expanding
operating margins and demonstrated 12% year-over-year growth in North America. In addition, we
gained traction in our HPE GreenLake business. We continue to see acceleration in this very profitable
strategic business and are seeing larger deals come in, underscoring a growing interest in our as-a-service
offerings. In fact, our annualized revenue run rate, or ARR, increased 17% to $520 million.

While these are healthy signs of the needs our customers will continue to have coming out of the crisis,
there continue to be significant supply constraints and delays in customer acceptance. This has impacted
our ability to make deliveries to our customers.

Across our portfolio, we exited Q2 with more than $1.5 billion in backlog in Compute, Storage, HPC &
Mission-Critical Systems as well Aruba, which represents 2x the historical backlog. Our team is doing
everything we can to deliver on these customer orders.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Tarek will take you through our Q2 results in more detail. But before he does that, I want to take the time
to align actions we will take to address the near-term uncertainty and ensure HPE is well positioned to
emerge stronger, more agile and digitally enabled for a post coronavirus-19 world.

While the world has started to envision what a recovery might look like, we need to be prepared for
different scenarios. We know there is no going back to what used to be. There is only preparing for and
building what comes next. We need to adapt in order to keep our strategic momentum even as the world
has changed dramatically. We are taking a deliberate set of actions to protect our financial foundation,
become a more agile organization and align our resources to critical core businesses in areas of growth
that accelerate our HPE Cloud platform as a service strategy. We continue to analyze financial forecasts
and customer trends to better understand when and how global economies will recover.

In the meantime, we are taking some immediate steps to reduce operating expenses that will protect our
financial profile. Effective July 1, we will implement a short-term pay reduction for all team members,
where it is legally permitted, through October 31, 2020. My executive team and I will take the highest
percentage reduction. Beyond us, the amount of reduction will vary by level. For team members who
live in countries where pay reductions cannot be mandatory due to local laws and regulations, we are
implementing unpaid leaves. In addition, we have implemented cost containment measures across the
company, restricted external hiring through the end of our fiscal year and put salary increases on hold.
Additionally, our Board of Directors have voluntary decided to forgo a percentage of its cash compensation
for the remainder of the fiscal year 2020 to demonstrate its commitment to Hewlett Packard Enterprise
as we focus on preserving liquidity and improve our position to deliver for our customers now and in the
future.

In addition to those short-term measures, today, we are announcing a cost optimization and prioritization
plan. This plan will help us focus our investments and realign our workforce to areas of growth that will
accelerate our strategy. Some of the measures in the plan include continuing to streamline our product
portfolio, implementing new digital customer engagement models and optimizing our workplace size
strategy and experiences. HPE expects the plan will be implemented through fiscal year 2022. And as
a result of the changes to the company's workforce, real estate model and further business process
improvements, we estimate gross savings of at least $1 billion and annualized net run rate savings of at
least $800 million by fiscal year '22 year-end. In order to achieve this level of cost savings, HPE estimates
cash funding payments between $1 billion to $1.3 billion over the next 3 years. Tarek will provide further
details in his remarks.

While we take the steps to secure our financial foundation and strengthen our operations, we have
simplified our operating model and have aligned them to the financial segmentation we introduced early
this year. Each of HPE's businesses is critical to our go-forward success. Each carries out an important
part of the mission. And as our customers demand new and different products and services from us, we
must deliver. I am personally committed to delivering to help each of our businesses leverage its existing
strengths and evolve. Each of our business groups now report directly to me.

As part of the new organizational model, we created a GreenLake cloud services group to accelerate our
as-a-service capabilities. We also added a new software team that will architect our software strategy and
portfolio that power our as-a-service platform. This new structure will provide further accountability and
improve our execution and transformation.

As the world emerges from the global pandemic, business continuity will depend on solutions that
advance IT resiliency, empower remote workforces securely, extend connectivity, reinvigorate customer
engagement and enable business model evolution. These realities mean that the digital transformation will
be more critical than ever. This is why we must accelerate our strategy to deliver everything as-a-service,
edge to cloud.

We see the growth in the cloud, on- and off-premises and increasingly at the edge where we are uniquely
positioned. The edge customers need persistent connectivity to bridge the digital and physical worlds. HPE
Aruba Central is at the core of our edge strategy. It is the only cloud-native, simple-to-use and secure
platform that unifies network management for wired, wireless and WAN networks and soon, 5G and edge
computing. In Q2, the number of unique customers using Aruba Central increased to 65,000.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Customers will also continue to need capabilities that harness the power of their data wherever it lives:
at the edge, across public and private clouds, in colocations or in the traditional data center. We continue
to believe the cloud is an experience, not a destination. And as-a-service business models will extend the
cloud experience everywhere for all apps and data.

Earlier this month, we announced the general availability of HPE GreenLake Central, our advanced cloud-
native platform that provides customers with a consistent cloud experience for all their applications and
data through underlying operations consoles that runs, manages and optimizes their entire hybrid cloud
estate. And in Q2, we made HPE Container Platform generally available. Our new cloud-native, software-
defined stack is built using technologies from HPE's acquisition of BlueData, Storage and MapR and
deliver greater flexibility and lower cost for Kubernetes deployments of cloud-native and noncloud-native
applications with persistent storage connectivity.

Next month at our first-ever Discover virtual experience, we will showcase how HPE will help organizations
ensure seamless business continuity through new technology capabilities, greater business intelligence
and enhanced financial flexibility. Joined by thousands of customers and partners, we will discuss how we
should think differently about transformation in the future, and we'll introduce new innovation to bring
agility to customers' apps and data everywhere.

There is a great promise in what we can accomplish when we increase the speed of innovation and
continue to bring to market differentiated capabilities from edge to cloud. Our customers, partners
and communities need what HPE can provide. Our ability to execute our strategic pivot to offering our
entire portfolio as a service by 2022 while we continue to rearchitect and strengthen our core businesses
is critical. As we drive increased performance in our core businesses, we will be able to further align
resources to new growth segments that will accelerate our strategy and pave the way to sustainable,
profitable growth.

One of our core beliefs at HPE is the power of "Yes, we can," and I'm confident in our ability to execute
because I believe we have the right strategy, the right leadership team and the right mindset to adapt and
deliver in bold, new ways. We are focused and we are making the necessary trade-offs so we can continue
to invest in the future. We are undertaking it with a sense of urgency and conviction in our strategy.

With that, let me turn it to Tarek to review the quarter's results. Tarek?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you very much, Antonio. Hope you can all hear me and are all safe and well. I'll start with a
summary of our financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2020. As I have done before, I'll be
referencing the slides from our earnings presentation to highlight our performance in the quarter. Also
please note, since last quarter, we are now reporting results according to our new segmentation.

Antonio discussed some of the key highlights of this quarter on Slide 1. Now let me discuss our financial
performance, starting Slide 2. Our Q2 results were heavily impacted by the global COVID-19 crisis. As
Antonio mentioned, our Q2 represented a full quarter of operating under COVID-19. Our revenues of
$6 billion were down 15% year-over-year, primarily driven by supply chain disruption, which resulted
in significantly higher levels of backlog, particularly in Compute, HPC & MCS and Storage. We also saw
uneven demand with customers pushing out business activity as they navigated through the current
economic crisis and lockdown.

At the edge, the market for capabilities like remote cloud connectivity and virtual desktop solutions was
stronger than precrisis in certain segments, and we're well positioned in those areas, offsetting the decline
in campus switching that resulted from lower business activity. Despite the challenging backdrop, we
managed to maintain relatively stable non-GAAP gross margins, which were down by 20 basis points year-
over-year.

Our non-GAAP operating profit, however, was down 42% year-over-year to 6.1% in operating margin
terms, and our non-GAAP EPS of $0.22 was down 48% year-over-year. Our GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.64,
primarily due to an $865 million noncash goodwill impairment charge associated with legacy goodwill

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

allocated to the HPC & MCS business segment, which impacted GAAP net EPS by $0.67. This impairment
was not driven by the Cray business, which continues to perform consistent with our expectations.

Cash flow from operations this quarter was $100 million impacted by reduced profitability and inventory
buildup. Free cash flow was negative $402 million compared to a positive $402 million for the prior year
period, which was impacted by higher financing volumes. Taking all the previous into account, we're taking
decisive and prudent actions to manage our costs and expenses, further improve our liquidity and focus on
opportunities to emerge stronger in the post-COVID-19 world.

Turning to Slide 3. Antonio outlined for you some of the near-term cost takeout measures we're
implementing, including reductions in pay across our workforce, unpaid leave in places where pay
reductions are not legally permitted and hiring restrictions. He also mentioned the actions we're
committing to today to further strengthen our financial profile in the medium and long term and accelerate
our strategy.

Today, we are announcing a cost optimization and prioritization plan to reflect the current revenue
environment and to position ourselves as a more resilient company ready to address the needs of our
customers in a post-COVID-19 world. We remain confident that we have the right strategy and are taking
the right actions to secure our financial foundation and support our path to sustainable, profitable growth.

More specifically, our plan is designed to rightsize our cost structure to the new normal; to allocate
resources in alignment with our new segmentation and growth areas; to drive increased efficiencies
through investment in digitalization and automation; and finally, to accelerate our pivot to as-a-service
to drive long-term sustainable profitable growth. Overall, these new cost efficiencies will be captured
from simplifying and evolving our product portfolio strategy and go-to-market, cost savings from supply
chain optimization, increased penetration of remote customer support, new initiatives to leverage digital
marketing and consolidating our real estate footprint.

In terms of a time line, we expect that the plan will be implemented through fiscal year 2022 and estimate
that it will deliver annualized net run rate savings of at least $800 million by fiscal year '22 end. Having
said that, we expect to achieve the majority of the savings by the end of fiscal year '21. In order to
achieve this level of cost savings, we estimate cumulative cash funding payments of between $1 billion to
$1.3 billion over the next 3 years.

We'll now move to Slide 4 that shows our performance in the quarter in accordance with our new
segmentation. Let me hit a few key points. In the Intelligent Edge segment, we declined 2%. However,
we saw over 12% year-over-year growth in North America, showing that the changes we made to our
North America sales leadership and go-to-market segmentation are paying off, even in the midst of
a challenging business environment. While campus switching declined single digits due to increased
emphasis on working from home, we grew the wireless LAN product business 7% year-over-year due
to high demand for our remote access solutions and Wi-Fi 6 Certified (sic) [ Wi-Fi CERTIFIED 6 ] access
points with 35% year-over-year growth in North America. Furthermore, we expanded gross margins and
also grew operating margins by 570 basis points year-over-year to 11%. The bottom line is that we gained
share in both campus switching and wireless LAN markets while significantly improving profit margins.

In Compute, revenue declined 19% this quarter driven by lower conversion rates, even as order backlog
grew to 2x our average historical backlog, and lower unit growth which was negative double digits this
quarter. Our ability to fulfill orders was impacted by component shortages, with supply chain logistics
further disrupting our ability to fulfill demand due to the coronavirus pandemic. As the supply chain
constraints alleviate, we expect to execute against our high backlog.

In High Performance Compute & Mission-Critical Systems, revenue declined 18%, primarily as a result
of delayed installation and customer acceptance on account of COVID-19. Similar to Compute, this
resulted in an elevated backlog, but we expect to see a stronger uptick in revenues in the second half of
the year as we execute against the order book. Our HPC business has been actively involved in COVID-
related research activity and is providing COVID-19 researchers worldwide with access to the world's
most powerful HPC resources to advance the pace of scientific discovery in the fight to stop the virus.
Furthermore, we announced the 2023 delivery of the world's fastest exascale supercomputer, El Capitan,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

for the United States Department of Energy at a record-breaking speed of 2 exaflops, 10x faster than
today's most powerful supercomputer. Most importantly, the Cray integration remains on track to deliver
the FY '20 revenue targets and triple-digit run rate synergies by fiscal year '21.

Within Storage, we declined 16% year-over-year due to higher backlog similar to Compute but had
notable strength in big data, showing a growth of 61% year-over-year. Nimble services revenues grew
20% year-over-year with services intensity at record highs as customers add high-margin, value-added
services.

For Operational Services, which is included across Compute, HPC & MCS and Storage, revenue declined by
less than 1% year-over-year while orders were down 5% year-over-year driven by the drop in Compute
units. On the positive side, our services intensity, which is the ratio of attach revenue per hardware unit
sold, continued to be strong with double-digit growth in Storage and HPC & MCS services driven by Cray.
This demonstrates that the underlying profitability of the units we sell and the attach rates continues to be
robust.

In Advisory & Professional Services, revenue was down 8%, but we significantly improved operating
margins by 6.2 points year-over-year due to our reentry in select countries, combined with an increase in
remote delivery of projects from 65% to 90%, which helped to control costs and drive an improvement
in chargeability levels of staff. Within HPE Financial Services, financing volume grew 10% year-over-
year despite the impact of COVID-19, and our net portfolio of assets was up 4% this quarter with longer
contract terms supporting GreenLake. We maintained a solid return on equity of approximately 15% again
this quarter.

Our bad debt loss ratio this quarter was 0.5%, which is best-in-class in this industry. We'll obviously
continue to closely monitor the impairment losses as liquidity constraints could affect some of our
customers' ability to pay in upcoming quarters. We will tighten our underwriting guidelines as necessary
to ensure we can manage through this crisis, and any impairment losses remain within our level of
confidence.

Our Communications & Media Solutions business that is included in our Corporate Investments segment
is a strategically important business to us, providing software and services capabilities to telco service
providers. CMS is showing improved momentum. We saw strong double-digit software order growth, with
EMEA growing 45% and Japan growing 70% this quarter.

Revenue gained momentum, growing 2% sequentially. We also expanded operating margins by 170 basis
points year-over-year this quarter. We also recorded our first 5G core win with a Tier 1 carrier in the
United States. The strategic win validates our 5G strategy with multi-vendor integration and true cloud-
native telco network solutions.

Slide 5 shows our growing ARR profile I introduced at our Securities Analyst Meeting in October 2019. I'm
pleased to report that our Q2 '20 ARR came in at $520 million, representing 17% year-over-year growth
and in line with our expectations. Our HPE Aruba Central SaaS platform continued to grow revenue triple
digits year-over-year this quarter. As we progress towards building our go-to-market as a service motion
and remain focused on offering a full suite of differentiated solutions that can be consumed as a service,
we are reiterating our ARR growth guidance of 30% to 40% compounded annual growth rate from FY '19
to FY '22.

Slide 6 highlights our EPS performance to date. Non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share was $0.22 in
Q2, with headwinds from reduced operating leverage, suspension of our share buybacks and a lower
but expected contribution from OI&E. Consistent with our guidance at SAM, we expect OI&E to be
approximately negative $100 million for fiscal year '20.

Turning to gross margin on Slide 7. We delivered non-GAAP gross margin of 32% in Q2 of fiscal year
'20, which was down 20% -- which was down, excuse me, 20 basis points year-over-year. Commodity
costs were a tailwind to gross margin this quarter even as the supply-demand balance turned into a more
inflationary commodities environment at the start of the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Moving to Slide 8. Non-GAAP operating margin was 6.1% in Q2 of fiscal year '20, and non-GAAP operating
income was down 42% year-over-year. This clearly demonstrates the imperative to rightsize our business
to reflect the new revenue profile we are facing as a result of the COVID-19 impact.

Turning to Slide 9. Our cash flow from operations was $100 million impacted by reduced profitability from
the Compute and Storage businesses, which were heavily impacted this quarter, and higher than normal
working capital. Free cash flow was a use of $402 million for the quarter driven by year-over-year growth,
which was impacted by financing volumes. Higher-than-normal backlog and resulting inventory buildup
triggered a reduction in our cash conversion cycle from minus 17 days in the prior quarter to minus 5 days
this quarter. We expect our cash conversion cycle to improve through the rest of the year as we execute
against the backlog and supply chain constraints alleviate, both of which help us reduce our high inventory
levels.

Now moving on to Slide 10. I want to spend a moment on the strength of our balance sheet and
investment-grade credit rating, which is a competitive advantage in this environment. As of our April 30
quarter end, we had approximately $5.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, having successfully raised
$2.25 billion in senior notes in April 2020 at a low cost of capital. We also have an undrawn revolving
credit facility of $4.75 billion at our disposal. So in total, we have approximately $10 billion of liquidity.
We remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating, which was reaffirmed by the rating
agencies in April 2020. Bottom line, we have a strong cash position and ample credit available during
these uncertain times to support and invest in our business.

Let me recap for you our key takeaways for this quarter on Slide 11. But before I do that, it's worth
spending a couple of minutes on capital allocation. In Q2, we returned $305 million to shareholders in the
form of share repurchases and dividends. We repurchased $151 million in shares and paid a cash dividend
of $154 million. In April 2020, we took the decision to suspend share buybacks in the light of the current
environment where liquidity is of paramount importance. Subsequently, in April, we announced a regular
dividend payment for Q3 '20 payable in July.

Finally, let me summarize the key takeaway for you this quarter. Our fiscal Q2 results represent a full
quarter of operating under the COVID-19 crisis, and were heavily impacted by the crisis both on the
demand and supply side. As a result, we have enacted short-term actions and long-term cost optimization
and prioritization plans to reflect the current revenue environment and to position ourselves as a more
resilient company in a post-COVID world.

Our robust balance sheet with approximately $10 billion of liquidity and investment-grade credit rating
gives us flexibility not only to weather the current storm but to continue to invest in key growth initiatives.
We remain confident that we have the right strategy and are taking the right actions to secure our
financial foundation and support our path to sustainable, profitable growth.

Now turning to outlook. Since the crisis began, we've been stress testing our model and running
scenarios based on various assumptions, just like everybody else does. Given the level of uncertainty
around the duration of the crisis and the rate and the shape of the recovery, there's a wide range of
possible outcomes for the year. We have taken prudent and decisive steps, with the latest being our
cost optimization and prioritization plan, so that we are prepared for the different outcomes. Due to the
uncertainty, and consistent with our April 6, 2020 8-K filing where we withdrew our fiscal year '20 financial
guidance, we will not be providing any Q3 or fiscal year '20 guidance.

Now with that, let me hand over to Antonio and open it up for questions. Antonio?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director
So thank you, Tarek, and I know Eiley is going to moderate this. So Eiley, why don't we get started?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

The color on backlog is helpful, but I wonder whether you could also give some color on how orders
trended through the fiscal second quarter and what you've seen from an order perspective in the month of
May. And then just related to that, you specifically said that the HPC business and conversion rates would
tick up in the second half, but you stopped short of giving a similar time line for Compute and Storage. So
just any color as to when you think orders will begin to convert in those 2 segments as well.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Katy, and thanks for the question. So the order intake, or what I referred as the order linearity, was
fairly steady I have to say. We normally plan a quarter in 13 weeks. The first week is the previous backlog
from the previous quarter -- the backlog from the previous quarter and then 12 weeks, right? And we
plan the linearity early on. And I will say we hit or exceeded our order linearity intake every week of the
quarter. And so this really came down to our ability to convert the order book into revenue.

And in the case of HPC, High Performance Compute, let me remind everyone that in order for us to
convert that order into revenue, we have to build it, obviously. We have to ship it. But we have to install it,
and we have to turn it on. And once the customer accepts that installation, which, in many cases, is fairly
large installations, you're talking about a number of clusters, that's when only we can recognize revenue.
And so the impact on HPC was twofold: was not been able to go to customer sites because customers
were locked down like we are and not be able to install and deliver and turn it on; and obviously, the same
challenge we had in Compute and Storage with supply chain constraints in capacity because of the social
distancing; and obviously, in the components level that we saw, obviously, a major disruption. And as a
reminder, we ship pretty much 3 servers every minute. And so when the supply chain stops, it's pretty
significant.

So in terms of going forward, our priority 1, 2 and 3 continues to be clear the backlog. And that's how
I think about it. Throughout Q2, we made progress in the recovery. I will say China is pretty much back
to normal. But obviously, they are cleaning the backlog themselves because they had to first recover the
labor. And then obviously, they depend also on sub-suppliers for the components. Think about cables,
connectors, transistors, you name it. And so for us, the majority of backlog right now is in the bucket.

And then in the regional factories, for the vast majority, all are performing at capacity except 1 or 2 where
the rules and the regulations or the shelter-in-place are demanding that there is a stringent process on
social distancing, which obviously impact the capacity in the factory lines. But the factories are all up
and running. So I am optimistic about the weeks to come. So I take this a week at a time. Obviously, we
continue to focus on the order intake. I cannot comment in May because I think you asked the question on
May because we are in Q3 right now. But in Q2, the order linearity was fairly steady. And we expect not
just HPC but Compute and Storage to continue to make progress, and that's why Q3 will be different than
Q2.

Operator

Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Antonio, you commented on rightsizing the cost structure to a new normal. A few years ago, HPE Next was
supposed to be the last restructuring program. And I know no one could have anticipated COVID-19. But
is it your view that you will not get back to pre-COVID levels because of secular end-market challenges?
Or is there a different interpretation to that?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks, Wamsi, a great question. So since mentioned HPE Next, let me start with that. I mean I was
the architect of HPE Next. In the 2017 year, as you know, we launched it in the fall of 2017. I will say,
HPE Next was a great success story because it allows us to rearchitect the company in the key areas in
terms of simplification of processes, streamlining our go-to-market model. Remember, we went from a
worldwide geo to country to more a geo model where we remove layers. And honestly, it allows us to
reinvest back in innovation, and that's where I announced the investment of $4 billion at the edge, and
now we start seeing the results of that with great numbers despite the challenges. So that was a success.
And remember, we committed to deliver $800 million in net savings and which we did and we did ahead of
schedule.

Now to your point, this is a crisis unlike anyone we have faced. And I will say, 2017, I said, listen, we
don't envision another cost optimization plan. But this is a cost optimization driven by the pandemic.
But honestly, I see an opportunity to go faster in our pivot to our strategy, which is to offer everything
as a service. It is very unfortunate that we have this pandemic, which is causing tremendous economic
disruption and, obviously, a huge impact to communities. But from the business perspective, we are
more convicted than ever in our strategy. And we see it, the demand for pervasive ubiquity connectivity.
That's why the access points are very strong for us: all cloud -- the cloud experience deployed everywhere
from the edge-to-cloud and the ability to consume it as a service, and this is where we see tremendous
momentum with HPE GreenLake.

So for me it is rightsize our cost structure to the new normal. And we don't know exactly what the new
normal is at this point in time because we don't know what the recovery looks like. It's about allocating
resources for the areas of growth we see in the future and also increase efficiency because we learn a lot.
Remember, in Q1, I talked about it. We learned quite a lot and we extended the HPE Next, which is now
part of this cost optimization and prioritization plan and digitized everything.

I believe this will cause incredible structural impacts in the way people are going to work. And my
expectation is at least 50% of our employees will never come back to an office. And the office will look
completely different, which means our offices will be more center of innovation and collaboration, not
where you come to do your regular work every day. And that requires resizing our real estate footprint.
But even as you resize the footprint, that also require new experiences and, therefore, investment
associated with that. But when you bring it all together, and they need to reskill and upskill and allocate
resources in the right place, I believe we have an opportunity to accelerate that strategy and drive to that
long-term sustainable profitable growth.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. The negative operating leverage on compute was quite significant in the quarter. How much of that
would you say was a supply-driven issue versus demand-driven issue? And how do you think investors
should think about the trajectory of that given that you also have the significant cost actions starting to
kick in?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Definitely, it was supply chain-driven, although demand continued to be uneven, as we discussed
before, particularly in Compute. I would say you have to look at it this way, the shortfall on the revenue
is pretty much all supply chain-driven because I made the comment early on that our linearity in the
order intake was pretty steady. But in that order linearity, you have to look at the customer segments.
Obviously, when you sell to, I call it cloud companies which are more software companies that deliver
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

their value through the cloud, those will continue to be steady. If you think about enterprise, I will say,
those were pretty steady. SMB, obviously, was the biggest challenge in the transactional business because,
fundamentally, that segment of the market was significantly disruptive.

As I think about the future, right, obviously, we already were under a macro situation. But let's remind
ourselves that the Compute platform go through an innovation cycle themselves even though it's
commoditized. And as I think about the Gen10, you remember the Gen10, we actually told everyone
that we said that 2/3 of the structural change was permanent because of the ability to attach richer
configuration. As we go to what we call Gen10.5 and Gen11, which is happening in the next 18 months,
you're going to see more on that. You're going to see, again, the same cycle where the density of these
products, the amount of memory and storage you can put inside this compute platform, will continue to
increase. And that's good for us because obviously, it drives AUP. But right now, our focus is really around
clear the backlog, both on the Compute side and on the HPC side, both finish installation and obviously
clear the backlog there as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I have 2 questions as well. First, it sounds like you're saying there was really de minimis impact from
coronavirus on demand, and this was largely supply-driven. And if you had the supply and you kept
backlog at normal levels, you would have done $700 million more in revenue in Q2. And it sounds like if
production's up and running, if you're able to bring down your backlog to normal levels, that should boost
Q3 revenues $700 million relative to normal seasonality. So am I thinking about that correctly? And how
much progress do you think you can make on bringing your backlog down to normal levels over the course
of Q3? And then I have a follow-up.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks, Toni. Hope all is well. Yes, I think you're thinking in the right parameters. The only thing
I will say is that, definitely, the vast majority was supply chain. And as I said in my earlier comment in
the previous question, there was some demand, obviously, but particularly in SMB and some elements of
the mid-market where enterprise was a little more steady. And we saw uptake in demand, for example,
that consumes Compute, for example, in solutions like VDI, which was in high demand; or even big data
storage which, in the end, Toni, is a Compute platform with a lot of hard disk attached to it or SSDs
attached to it.

So in that context, you're asking absolutely the right question, and this is what I'm maniacally focused
with the team and which, as I said, my priority 1, 2 and 3 is clear the backlog. And as I said earlier, we
focused the quarter in 13 weeks where we enter the backlog, which was the $1.5 billion on May 1, and
where we're going to exit on July 31 as the new orders come in because, fundamentally, we expect the
orders to come in, and we have a linearity plan associated with that recovery. So I feel pretty optimistic
about it.

But however, it's going to come down to our ability to get the supply in the right place and ability to
execute in the cycle times that we need. And obviously, as you know, we have a very global diversified
supply chain, and we have made some series of moves to move products built around the globe, even if
they are for other regions so we can accelerate that backlog. And so this is going to be the name of the
game. But generally, as I think about the last 4 weeks, and I think about the next 4 weeks and then the
next 4 weeks after that, we continue to see progress.

But there's a lot of things, who knows, there is a restart of coronavirus. I'm more concerned right now,
Toni, to be honest with you, if something happened in one of these locations where we have the factory
and you go into a resheltering or the social distancing, that could have an impact. In terms of the velocity
behind with components from China, I will say that's where the vast majority is going absolutely in the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

right direction. And obviously, the logistics side, as we reopen countries and flights across the globe, that
will help as well.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Okay. Maybe you could -- I mean is it unrealistic to think you could close -- you could get backlog to
normal levels? And then my second question is, if you're really saying that this was largely a supply, not
demand disruption, I'm still a little -- I'm having difficulty reconciling the new sort of HPE Next to because,
on your Q4 call, you were pretty unequivocal. There wouldn't be another HPE Next. You felt you were
in the right place on cost. You said last quarter, you were doing a little bit more on cost, but it wasn't
structural, it wasn't another HPE Next. And now you are undertaking a significant multiyear structural
change. And a, that doesn't feel consistent with the statement that this was really a supply issue. And b,
it makes me wonder, like, are you more worried about your competitive position? Or are you worried that
the IT environment is going to be weaker for a while?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks, Toni. So my remarks about what happened in Q2 was about the supply chain and lesser so
on the demand. I cannot forecast right now what the demand is on the back end, and this is where, in
our remarks, we said we are looking at the pipeline, we are looking at the economic indicators, which
obviously all of you provide and others. And so I would not make any further comment because on the
demand, I don't know, in October or November, I don't know what that would look like. But I'm just
replying to your question about what happened in Q2 definitely was, based on the order intake we had, it
was -- the vast majority was a supply chain problem.

And there were pockets of uneven demand, which obviously were accentuated in the SMB space, which
was quite significant. But remember, we serve global customers, we serve large enterprise, mid-market
and SMB and in that lower vertical, so you have to look at this from multiple perspectives. But the
difference in Q2 was the vast majority was definitely supply chain. And in that demand, we saw pockets of
growth despite the dynamic of the coronavirus, which Aruba definitely was -- despite the 2% decline year-
over-year, we saw bright spots in wireless LAN, up 7%; North America, as a geo, 12%. The remote access
points, we couldn't ship enough of it. I mean we didn't have all of it. VDI was another one.

So I think -- that was Q2. As I think about Q3, it's all about cleaning the backlog. And in a reasonable way,
I feel more confident in Q3 than, obviously, in the results in Q2 because you should expect continuous
improvement. As for the demand, I don't know what to tell you, Toni, right now, because, obviously, it
depends also in the global recovery of the economy. And then ultimately, the customers are going to
assess where they want to spend the money. But right now, that's where we are.

And then in terms of HPE Next, I made that comment at the beginning of HPE Next. Now let's be clear, I
mean nobody expected a coronavirus-19. But as I said in one of my comments, I think, to Katy's question
-- actually, Wamsi's question, was I believe, in a downturn, this is where you got to double down in your
strategy and this is where you're investing in the right place now, so when the recovery takes place, you
come out on the other end stronger. And so that's fundamentally what we're doing, is really, obviously,
addressing the cost resizing for the situation we are in. And in the short term, we have taken some painful
actions. For me, as a CEO, telling our employees we're going to cut salaries, is not an easy thing to do.
I don't take that lightly. But on the other hand, allocating the right people, the right resources, the right
investment into the future, now that we're in the downturn, is the biggest opportunity because I think the
strategy is absolutely spot-on, and I'm more convicted than ever.

Operator

Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

My first one is -- I realize you're not giving guidance, but can you provide some parameters for us to
consider? Thinking about OpEx, how much is variable? How material do you think the salary reductions will
be relative to sort of the overall base run rate of OpEx? And is there a significant amount of revenue that's
sort of just sitting out there waiting to be recognized as soon as customers come back and can be trained
and can accept? And I don't know, maybe something about backlog in terms of your confidence level that
you're not going to lose those orders to competitors or that they're pretty firm orders. Just anything you
can kind of give us, perhaps some idea of how to think about it. Was this the trough quarter, for instance?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Let me start, and then I will ask Tarek to talk about more the first part of your question. Obviously,
again, it goes back to Toni's question, the confidence to clear the backlog. And this is where, again, we
are focused. And I feel better about it than 6 weeks ago. But as I said earlier, right, we are taking it day
by day, week by week. It looks promising, and we continue to make progress every day, every week. In
terms of what is the size of revenue, I cannot give you right now. But I will tell you, remember, HPC deals
are normally multimillion-dollar deals, sometimes mid-double-digit deals. And those are all waiting to be
deployed and installed, and they are all over the world. And so obviously, we have a fantastic services
organization ready to go as soon as the customer let us in. So those are the things you need to think
about. But I hope everybody appreciate, we've given you a complete direction of what was the backlog
and what we're doing about it.

I think I'm going to give it back to Tarek to talk about the first part of the question. So Tarek?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Antonio. It's quite difficult to call the bottom or a trough quarter given the level of uncertainty
that is currently visible. So one thing that we know is that the uncertainty is high. And it's everyone's
guess what the shape of the recovery will be, so please bear that in mind. And most people and
economies we talk to, and I spent a lot of time talking to many experts, as I'm sure you did, are not
thinking in terms of a V-shaped recovery, more in terms of a U-shaped recovery, and that's what we are
modeling. And this is why we have come up with the cost prioritization plan that Antonio mentioned. And
as he said, we need to take every day as it comes.

So in terms of cost takeout, there is -- as part of our plan, the goal is to achieve the vast majority of
the $800 million net run rate savings by fiscal year '21, although we said this number will be visible
by fiscal year '22. And the reason why we said this is because of this level of uncertainty that exists in
the shape of the economic recovery that I was referring to you before. So what we are doing is we're
supplementing run rate reductions with temporary pay cuts and actions that we can take otherwise to
protect the financial profile of the company and enhance our liquidity moving forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeriel Ong with Deutsche Bank.

Kanghui Ong
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And I guess, first off, I'd like to ask a little bit about GreenLake. Obviously, it was nice that the business
still grew year-on-year, but I'm wondering why you're confident in an acceleration in that growth. It seems
like as the business gets bigger, it will be hard seeing the growth rate, but it seems like you're kind of
back-ending more of that growth to get to that 30% to 40% compound annual growth rate.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Thank you, Jeriel. I think we have a unique differentiated value proposition with the HPE GreenLake.
And with HPE -- with the introduction of HPE GreenLake Central, which is a true cloud-native platform
where you can deploy the right mix from edge to cloud and consumer as a service and deliver the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

workload optimized solutions in a standardized way, it is a true differentiation for us. And what we have
seen in the last several months is a continuous growth in our pipeline and the ability to convert that
pipeline into larger deals. Some of these deals, in particular, the 2 or 3, which are triple digits, to give a
sense. And so for us -- and also they are multiyear, right? So for us, that's exciting because, remember,
we said many times, when we sign a GreenLake deal, we work with the customer in a multiyear deal. And
the pull-through for infrastructure that goes with it and services attached is higher. The services attached
through Pointnext -- Pointnext operational services is 100%, by the way, attached. And the margins are
higher.

So fundamentally, we are confident in reaffirming the annualized run rate revenue of 30%, 40% that
Tarek talked earlier because it's a function of getting this continuous momentum and larger deals for many
large-cap companies. So I think that's what we see. And now we are tailoring it more for the mid-market
as well for SMB. And what the customers are looking for is the ability to scale up and down based on their
needs and also more and more have someone else run it for them. They don't want to be in the run side,
they want to be more in the innovation side.

Kanghui Ong
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it, appreciate that. And just one more for me. I think I get a sense from the cash spend for the cost
realignment that fiscal year '21 is going to be -- it seems like the bulk of the spending. But I guess I'd like
to get an idea for whether it's going to be cost of goods sold or OpEx-driven, if there's -- if it's going to
represent the general mix of your costs generally or if it's going to be weighted one way or another.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

I'm going to give that to Tarek.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thank you, Antonio. With respect to cash or cash flow, I'd like also to ask you a question for
clarification purposes. With respect to cash flow, what has driven our cash flow performance in Q2 is
the increase in inventory levels and the change in the cash conversion cycle. We've stocked up a lot of
inventory, and the backlog is also a reflection of the fact that we stocked up a lot of inventory. And our
cash flow conversion cycle, which was a favorable minus 17 days, dropped to a less favorable minus
5 days because of our stocking up in inventory terms. Could you please, for my benefit, repeat your
question on cost and what you were trying to get to here? I did not quite understand it.

Kanghui Ong
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. So in terms of your annualized net run rate savings, what areas of your business are those going to
come from?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. So by and large, we're going to leave no stone unturned. That's the message. But effectively, if
you look at what the plan is about, it's fundamentally around realigning resources to the segments that
we started to report back in the first quarter and areas of growth that we see, driving better productivity
levels across those segments, changing fundamentally the way we engage with customers from a
marketing and sales standpoint, rethinking our supply chain to create it in such a way that is more
resilient than before, yet agile and efficient. Rethinking also our workforce management practices because,
quite frankly, I don't know what your situation is like, but we've been working very effectively from home
for the past 3 months almost. And so this is pointing to us the need to think about this new normal and
what does it mean from a workforce management standpoint and our real estate footprint. So you can

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

rethink your real estate footprint now that the world is much more distributed and connected than ever
before. So I hope I have provided sufficient color to answer your question.

Operator

Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.

Jacob Michael Wilhelm
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

This is Jake on for Aaron. I was wondering if you could go into a little bit about how we should think about
portfolio simplification in regard to the cost optimization plan?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So obviously, from the portfolio optimization, I think about the work we have done under HPE Next
and continue that work to streamline a number of platform as options. We have done a phenomenal
job there. But to Tarek's point, it's all about where we build these products and, fundamentally, where
we also design these products. So there is an opportunity to continue to drive that optimization. And
fundamentally, I think about our portfolio as a way to accelerate that as-a-service model. Obviously, on
one hand, at the edge, we have a fantastic cloud platform called HPE Aruba that we continue to -- Aruba
Central that we continue to invest, and it's 100% software, right, with access points of switching that
comes with it, think of it that way and, obviously, through the subscription model. The other thing is,
obviously, on the core business, is how we drive the best workload optimized solutions that they are fully
automated and provisioned from the cloud using HPE GreenLake Central. So that's another component of
that.

So that's how we think about it. And obviously, there is a lot of the work we do even in the core
businesses. While people may think it's hardware -- and I want to give an example. In the recent
introduction of our distributed hyperconverged infrastructure, it's actually all software. It's 100% software
in many ways. And as I think about the future of how the world will evolve, we're going to live in a more
distributed model. Today, it's very centralized in the sense you have your mobile phone or your mobile
device connected to some sort of cloud. That cloud can be your data center, can be somebody else's
cloud. But fundamentally, the cloud experience will extend -- will be extended all the way to the edge. And
that's why we have planned in that portfolio to continue to invest in the Aruba Central with integration of
5G and the integration of edge compute. So it's a combination of freeing up resources in the traditional
businesses, reallocate those resources in those areas that will drive the long-term sustainable profitable
growth based on the work we have done in HPE Next and also continue to digitize everything we have and
we can.

Operator

Our next question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

My sense is that the quarter you just reported was primarily supply, and the uncertainty you're expressing
about the outlook maybe reflects more of a shift towards demand. So I thought it would be helpful if you
could give us a better understanding of what your customer verticals typically look like. In other words,
how much is federal government? How much is the SMB market? How much is Financial Services? Because
I think even if we can't make predictions, I think all of us have some sense of which verticals are healthier
than others. Appreciate it.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Thanks, Simon. I think I will say -- let me start with the bad. SMB obviously has been a significant
challenge. We all witness every day. That's what has driven the big chunk of the unemployment that we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

see here in the United States. So obviously, that will take time to recover. And generally, that market gets
served through what we call a transactional engine, and it's a high-velocity engine. In the enterprise, if
you take it by vertical, I think telco has been fairly steady. Tarek talked about a portfolio that we have
called Communications & Media Solutions. You heard some of the numbers, in some areas growing 40%
and 70%. It's all software and services and, obviously, drags infrastructure because, eventually, you have
to virtualize whatever infrastructure you put there.

Financial Services actually was fairly steady and strong. We have a very large footprint, and this is where
the diversification of our geo and verticals actually is helping us a little bit. Generally, FSI and telco are
very large for us where retail, not so much. And I think retail, obviously, was more impacted. But I will
say, telco or communication, media and entertainment, financial services was strong. Obviously, oil and
gas, not so much, because we know the pricing of the oil. And then as I think about transportation,
obviously, impacted as well. But I will say the number of deals and the size of the deals were generally
the same. The elongated sales cycles were consistent. But we align our plans based on the linearity that I
talked earlier, and Q2 was fairly steady so far.

So whether I know the first half was supply chain and the second half is demand is to be seen. Again,
Tarek talked early on about the shape of the recovery. And I agree with Tarek, I totally subscribe to the
U recovery. The question is how far the 2 sides of the U are and how deep the U is. But right now, it feels
steady in those areas. And as I said earlier, our focus is the backlog.

Operator

Our final question comes from Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI.

Jyhhaw Liu
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

This is Irvin Liu dialing in for Amit. As I've looked at your cost optimization and prioritization plan that was
announced today, that will result in a $1 billion to $1.3 billion total cash payment through fiscal 2022. Now
is it fair to say that the cost savings plan will essentially push back the timing related to the achievement
of your normalized free cash flow target of $2 billion by, let's say, another 2 to 3 years?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks for the question. I'm going to pass it to Tarek.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Antonio. So the most important thing in our cost optimization and prioritization plan is to
achieve those $800 million of net run rate savings and hold them as long as possible in the cost structure
so that we can effectively see more margins in our business. With respect to free cash flow, last year,
if it were not for a legal settlement that we paid, we would have exceeded the $2 billion free cash flow
mark. So that was what that business was capable back then with a certain revenue base. And what
you've heard from Antonio is that we are rightsizing the business to what is potentially a new revenue
base. And it's too early to tell whether that new revenue base will come back to the pre-pandemic revenue
levels moving forward. But what's very important right now is our focus, is to ensure that we rightsize our
business and deliver those run rate savings so that we can emerge stronger after this crisis subsides.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks, Tarek. And again, I just want to -- last year was a unique year in the sense that we were
pretty much on track. And actually, I will argue, we delivered the normalized free cash flow because we're
able to take care of unique circumstances with a settlement in arbitration. So when you add it all up, it
was in excess of $2 billion. And again, it comes down to our ability to drive the operating cash, the cash
from operations, which generally tends to be very strong. Obviously, this quarter, because we couldn't
convert, we couldn't deliver that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

But let me remind again that the cost optimization and so prioritization is not just about resizing but it's
about shifting investments to the strategy, which I answered earlier to Toni. I think it's the opportunity we
have now and, therefore, making that happen in the lower part of this, whatever the lower is, is the right
strategy so you become stronger on the other end.

So to wrap it up, thanks again for joining us today and for your questions. Let me make a few comments
to wrap the call. As I said earlier, these are unprecedented and challenging times for all of us. It's not just
the business but, obviously, the economy and the communities. Technology and digital transformation, in
my view, are more critical than ever to enable what I think is going to be a new world, a new distributed
world where workforces will be located in different ways. And honestly, there will be new ways to run
businesses.

I think our strategy to deliver a cloud experience from the edge to the cloud is more relevant than ever.
And at the core of that is to securely connect people and things as we see more than 50 million devices
being connected to the network every single day. But at the same time, we need to analyze data faster
and to accelerate business outcomes for our customers.

I think the measure we announced today will allow us to protect not only our balance sheet and continue
to preserve the liquidity, which, as you saw in one of the slides, we have a very robust balance sheet with
capacity up to $10 billion, so that's not the issue. But fundamentally, my goal is to adapt the organization
to be more agile, to align our resources to the critical core business areas of growth and, ultimately, to
accelerate the strategy which I'm very convicted, which will result in a long-term sustainable profitable
growth. And I want you to take away that this work is being done with sense of urgency. Whether we are
the first to announce it than other people doesn't matter. We believe that this is the right thing to do and
that time is important.

So again, thank you for joining us on the call today, and I hope you stay safe with you and your family.
And we'll talk soon. Take care.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our call for today, and you may now disconnect. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

