Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. NYSE:HLT
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 07, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.51

0.74

Revenue  (mm)

1877.79

1920.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-07-2020 12:13 PM GMT

45.10

2.25

(0.14)

1.26

3.35

1128.81

5832.24

8889.81

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.02

1.02

0.96

0.51

1.06

1.05

1.00

0.74

3.92 %

2.94 %

4.17 %

45.10 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Jill Slattery
Director, Investor Relations

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Anthony Franklin Powell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Carlo Santarelli
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Harry Croyle Curtis
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.,
Research Division

Joseph Richard Greff
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Thomas Glassbrooke Allen
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Hilton First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] After today's prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator
Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the
conference call over to Jill Slattery, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.

Jill Slattery
Director, Investor Relations

Thank you, Jamie. Welcome to Hilton's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Before we begin, we would like to
remind you that our discussions this morning will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could
differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, and forward-looking statements
made today speak only to our expectations as of today. We undertake no obligation to publicly update
or revise these statements. For a discussion of some of the risk factors that could cause actual results to
differ, please see the risk factors section of our most recently filed Form 10-K as supplemented by our
Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2020.

In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. You can find reconciliations
of non-GAAP to GAAP financial measures discussed in today's call in our earnings press release and on our
website at ir.hilton.com.

This morning, Chris Nassetta, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of the
current operating environment. Kevin Jacobs, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will
then review our first quarter results. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions.

With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Chris.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Jill. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. As I think we can all agree and
certainly probably have all been saying a lot lately, these are truly unprecedented times. COVID-19 has
created challenges that our industry has never encountered before. On behalf of Hilton's entire leadership
team, I'd like to express our deepest sympathy to those who have lost loved ones during this devastating
pandemic.

I'd also like to extend our sincere gratitude to the millions of workers on the front lines across many
industries and in many roles, working selflessly to help keep us all safe. I also want to thank our team
members around the world for their remarkable dedication, hard work and sacrifice. Many of our own
team members have been personally impacted by this crisis. And yet, through this adversity, they've
continued to spread the light and warmth of hospitality.

Across every region, we've adapted quickly to provide hospitality in new ways in our communities.
In London, several of our properties are hosting the National Health Service and other key workers.
The Hilton Orlando has been hosting the National Guard and working to distribute essential items to
community residents in need. And over 500 hotels around the world are being used for recovery efforts.
Our properties have also donated thousands of pounds of food and supplies to local food banks.

Through the Hilton Effect Foundation, we are providing disaster response grants for organizations and
communities fighting the spread of COVID-19. As part of this effort, our Hilton Honors members have
donated more than 6.5 million points to these causes.

In partnership with American Express and our ownership community, we committed to donating up to
1 million room nights to frontline medical professionals in the United States to support those who are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

putting their lives on the line to protect us. Since its launch just 4 weeks ago, tens of thousands of medical
professionals have booked hundreds of thousands of rooms through the program.

Further building on this initiative, just this week, we and American Express announced a partnership with
World Central Kitchen to deliver freshly prepared meals at no charge from restaurants in local communities
to frontline responders staying at our hotels. Already active in 3 major markets, there are plans to expand
this initiative in the coming weeks.

Turning to the business. To ensure we effectively navigate this challenging time, we've focused our
priorities on 3 core areas: protect our people, protect our core business and prepare for recovery.
While our long-term goal remains the same, to drive loyalty across all of our stakeholders, the current
situation requires greater levels of responsiveness and preparedness in the near term. With this in mind,
we've worked closely with industry associations and the administration to advocate on behalf of our
team members and hotel owners, and to help shape the broader recovery. Given our leadership team's
extensive crisis management experience, coupled with the global nature of our business, we had a
relatively early glimpse of the impact this pandemic started to have in the Asia Pacific region. In response,
we took swift action to protect our business and ensure that we have sufficient liquidity to operate in
these unprecedented times. But travel demand had record lows. We currently have suspended operations
at approximately 950 or 16% of our hotels globally, including approximately 10% of our hotels in the
Americas, 60% of our hotels in Europe, the Middle East and Africa and 15% of our hotels in Asia Pacific.

At the hotel level, we acted quickly at the beginning of the crisis to make decisions to help our owners
respond, including suspending hotel operations, temporarily suspending brand and operating standards,
deferring capital expenditure requirements, eliminating quality assurance audits and allowing the use of
FF&E reserves for operating expenses.

Going forward, we are working closely with our ownership community to define the hotel operating model
of the future, with the goal of developing operating standards that will keep our customers safe and drive
enhanced efficiency and profitability while continuing to deliver products and service that customers will
pay a premium for.

At the corporate level, we've reduced executive salaries, furloughed nearly 2/3 of our corporate workforce,
eliminated other nonessential expenses, including capital expenditures, and suspended share buybacks
and dividends.

Further, as a precautionary measure to preserve financial flexibility, we drew down on the remaining
amount under our credit facility, presold Hilton Honors points to American Express and successfully
executed a bond offering, all of which resulted in a pro forma cash position of $3.8 billion at the end of the
quarter, which we believe is more than adequate liquidity to get us through the crisis.

Turning to the quarter. RevPAR declined 23%, with performance through February largely in line with our
expectations, excluding the Asia Pacific region. RevPAR in March dropped 57% as the virus spread across
Europe and the U.S. Overall, we do not think our first quarter results provide clear insight into the current
environment as the timing of the pandemic and we -- given the timing of the pandemic, and we expect a
much more dramatic impact on our second quarter results. With travel at a virtual standstill, we expect
system-wide RevPAR declined roughly 90% in April.

With that being said, we are starting to see glimmers of travel resuming and economies reopening.
In China, nearly all 150 hotels that have been closed due to the pandemic have since reopened, with
occupancies reaching more than 50% during the May Day holiday this past weekend, up significantly from
9% in early February.

Additionally, the majority of our previously halted construction projects in China have restarted. In the
U.S. and Europe, we're starting to see sensible and stage (sic) [ sage ] reopenings of economies. We think
temporary hotel suspensions have plateaued, and we are now seeing reopening requests.

Our sales teams are engaged with customers on business for the back half of the year and into 2021 and
beyond. In the last week alone, we booked tens of millions of dollars in group business in the Americas.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

In addition, we are starting to see double-digit increases in digital traffic and booking activity across all
segments.

Global occupancy levels have gone from a low point of 13% to 23% currently. Assuming we start to see
mobility and we don't have a significant recurrence, demand should slowly rebuild in the third quarter.

These green shoots allow us to keep our eye on what the future of hospitality may look like. As we
carefully consider what travelers' needs will be in a post-COVID-19 world, we are proud to announce
a partnership with Lysol and the Mayo Clinic last week to introduce Hilton Clean Stay, a new program
that will deliver an industry-defining standard of cleanliness at all of our properties around the world. We
believe this program is the first of many steps we can take to build on the trust and loyalty of our more
than 106 million Hilton Honors members as they begin to travel again.

A full recovery will take time and it could take several years to return to the hotel demand levels we
experienced in 2019. But as we shift our focus to the future, we are incredibly confident about the long-
term prospects of the business and our model, our industry-leading brands, powerful commercial engines
and innovative technology platforms should enable us to continue delivering incremental value to guests,
owners and shareholders for years to come.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin for details on the first quarter.

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In the quarter, system-wide RevPAR declined 23% versus
the prior year on a comparable and currency-neutral basis. RevPAR is down across all regions with the
weakest results in Asia Pacific. Decreases were primarily driven by occupancy declines with rate pressure
from our lower-rated business further impacting results.

Adjusted EBITDA was $363 million in the first quarter, declining 27% year-over-year. Results reflect
significant reductions in travel demand and the temporary suspension of operations in a number of hotels
across the world. While the decline was somewhat mitigated by greater cost control, more significant
measures were largely implemented after quarter end. Management and franchise fees decreased 18%
to $422 million, driven by RevPAR declines and roughly flat license fees. Given the extremely challenging
operating environment, which included the suspension of operations at 35 of our leased hotels during the
quarter, our ownership segment posted a loss due to higher levels of operating leverage and fixed rent
structures at some of our leased properties.

Diluted earnings per share, adjusted for special items, was $0.74.

During the quarter, we opened nearly 9,000 rooms, meaningfully lower than prior expectations due
to postponed openings driven by COVID-19. Approvals and construction starts increased ahead of our
expectations, largely due to the signing of our largest development deal to date, an agreement with
Resorts World for a 3,500-room tri-branded hotel resort on the Las Vegas strip.

Much like the rest of our business, development activity for the balance of the year will depend on a
number of factors. However, we do expect that our ultimate rate of net unit growth for the year will be
significantly lower than our pre-crisis expectations, likely around half the rate or a bit better.

Turning to liquidity. As Chris mentioned earlier, we have taken a number of actions to enhance our position
and increase our financial flexibility, including executing on the bond transaction that Chris referenced
earlier. We were very pleased with the outcome of that transaction through which we issued 2 $500 million
tranches of senior notes at pricing that was very attractive relative to other transactions executed in the
same time frame. At the time, it also marked the first 8-year high-yield financing done since the crisis,
which allowed us to continue to enhance our maturity schedule. We continue to have no debt maturities
prior to 2024 and a well-staggered maturity ladder thereafter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Factoring for the senior note issuance as well as the $1 billion Hilton Honors points presale, we ended the
quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $3.8 billion on a pro forma basis, which we think should provide
us with ample liquidity to navigate the current environment and prepare for recovery.
Further details on our first quarter can be found in the earnings release we issued earlier this morning.
This completes our prepared remarks. We would now like to open the line for any questions you may have.
Jamie, can we have our first question, please.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.

Joseph Richard Greff
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Chris, Kevin and Jill. I was hoping to get a better understanding of your operating sensitivities in this
environment. And as we kind of look at these, unbelievable to me to be talking about the magnitude
of this RevPAR decline, but given these pretty steep RevPAR declines, how do you see the relationship
to base and franchise fees? How do you see that relationship? Which I can guess on the incentive
management fee side. How are you thinking about your run rate G&A from here? And if you give us some
sort of -- some points on understanding the components of your monthly cash burn, I think that would be
helpful to us.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Wow, that's about 20 questions in there, Joe. Good job.

Joseph Richard Greff
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Don't ask me to repeat it. I can't remember all the questions.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I can't either. So I'll take some of it.

Joseph Richard Greff
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

[ Some of the old models? ]

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We can't -- as we said, we're not giving guidance. So we'll answer what we can. But happy to talk
about the sensitivities at a high level.

I would say, as we look at the -- what I think would be helpful as sort of RevPAR to EBITDA relationship,
the way I would think about it in terms of sensitivities, and there's thousands of assumptions as you would
guess that go into this, is if you had RevPAR declines, and we're not giving guidance, so we're not going to
suggest what we think they are for the year, and you guys have views, I would say the model is such that
up to around 30% RevPAR declines if the whole company RevPAR to EBITDA is a bit better than 1:1. And
when it goes over 30, it's a bit worse than 1:1, but not materially so. The base fee business throughout
that continuum is better than 1:1. And what obviously hurts as the higher you go is a certain level of
negative operating leverage, because no matter how much you cut corporate costs, which we've done a
lot of, there's a limit to how far you can go and keep the system going. And then the real estate, the lower
the RevPAR is, given that these are leased assets with some degree of fixed rent structure, that creates a
tailwind. But again, that's a very small part of the business overall and has been. So it keeps us even --
I've seen the industry sort of numbers, I've seen from a bunch of folks, I think including you were sort of
minus 50 for the year. It's sort of funny to hear myself say that, but I've been doing this for 35-plus years,
but if that's what the industry thinks, I think, as I said, we -- our ratio EBITDA -- overall ratio would be a
little bit -- a touch above 1:1. The base fee business would be better, even at those levels.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

On G&A, sort of the G&A as we see it on a GAAP basis, I think given the mitigation that we have done
with an assumption that as you get into the third and fourth quarter, you will have some sort of -- you will
start to see recovery. I mean the truth is, while it's slow, we're starting to see it now. We've gone from
13% to 23% already. Not a lot to be thankful for, but we do believe once you get through the epicenter
of the crisis, which it feels like from a health point of view we are, and you get into reopening parts of the
world that haven't reopened, including the United States, you'll start to improve in the third and fourth
quarter. I think when you net all that out, probably G&A is 25% to 30% lower. Remembering, for us, and
it's a point worth making, our G&A for the last 3 years has basically been flat. We are, we believe, always
very disciplined about our G&A. And coming into the year, we were actually guiding before pre-COVID-19
to a modest decline in G&A. Obviously, that decline, given the mitigation that we have gone through to
sort of rightsize the business for the operating environment will be much greater than what we would have
suggested pre-COVID-19, but sort of in the ranges that I talked about.

On cash burn, and we have already, as part of the bond deal and otherwise, put out public information on
that. I think the way to think about it is in the environment we're sort of in, in the second quarter, which
I said I don't believe we will maintain that level of performance, I think the third quarter will be the worst
of it, even at those levels that are sort of circa 80% to 90% off. We think we have at least 24 months
of liquidity. And if you take sort of industry -- the industry view that I'm saying broadly that I discussed
earlier, actually at that level of performance, we are better than cash flow positive. So that hopefully gives
you sort of a bit of a range, again recognizing we're not giving specific guidance, but just trying to give
you general trajectory.

Kevin, what did I miss out of his laundry list?

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

I think you covered most of it. I think, overall, embedded in that cash burn, those cash burn guidances
is obviously an assumption of pretty extensive mitigation on our gross controllable expenses outside of
G&A. And I'd say, on an overall basis, we think we can, over the course of the year, mitigate about 60% of
the gross controllable expenses, but that's all embedded in, in the cash burn assumption. And I think you
actually said the third quarter was going to be the worst, but we think the second quarter --

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Second quarter. I did say that. Yes, second quarter. I've already skipped a quarter. Yes. Second quarter,
third and fourth quarter recovery to a degree, yes.

Operator

Our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.

Carlo Santarelli
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Thank you very much for your prepared remarks and, obviously, the color you just provided. Kevin,
acknowledging that you mentioned kind of NUG half of the 6 to 7 you were prior -- you were previously
looking for, for this year. How much of that, call it, 300 to 350 basis points of NUG erosion for this
year relates to just delays in the pipeline that we will see come through presumably next year? And
how much of that is just stuff that maybe was early and has a lower likelihood at this point of getting
finished? So more or less, even if you wanted to take a bigger picture approach, when you think about the
opportunities for conversions and whatnot, looking out to '21, '22, '23, et cetera, are you still reasonably
comfortable in kind of a mid-single-digit net unit growth baseline for those years?

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So here's what I would say, Carlo, and obviously a good question. Virtually, all of the decline in our
outlook for NUG for this year is due to delays related to COVID-19. Meaning, we do have in our guidance

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

is always an embedded assumption for conversions. And I'll come back to that; I know that's part of
your question. But the decline is really entirely related to delays, because going into the year, even for a
limited-service hotel, if something is expected to open this year, it's going to be under construction this
year, right? So as of -- about 1/3 of the hotels that we had under construction that we expected to open
this year went into some form of suspension as -- over the last month or so as part of the crisis. About
half of those that went under suspension are already back under construction, but they're going to be
somewhat delayed, right, obviously, because they suspended. And about half of them, the other half, we
think will resume construction, largely every project we think will resume construction over the balance
of the year. There certainly will be onesies, twosies of things where a deal might not make sense, but
generally, once the hotel starts construction, it opens, right? And so what that means is almost all of it will
push into next year. So as a result, we think that whatever this year ends up being will be the bottom and
that we'll climb back from there. And yes, on a run rate basis, once we get back to normal, we're more
than comfortable with a mid-single-digit NUG growth rate. And we think that conversions, there'll be some
period of time where, obviously, at the moment -- although we are working on some conversions, as we
speak, we're working on a bunch of them actually, but at the moment, transaction activity is relatively
limited. But in general, we think the crisis will probably create more opportunities than it hurts. And so
hopefully, that covers [indiscernible] --

Carlo Santarelli
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes, that's it, Kevin. And then, guys, if I could, just one quick follow-up. When you guys think about the
financial crisis and the resumption, obviously it was a different circumstances and whatnot, but speaking
specifically to the group elements of the business, when you think about the recovery in that era on
the group side relative to now and based on obviously, the positive traction you guys have had with
rebookings and some sales progress on future periods, et cetera, what are you hearing? Or what do you
view as being kind of the key differentiators between that group recovery and getting kind of adequate
pricing back on the books, et cetera, in this period relative to that period?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

There are going to be a lot of similarities, Carlo, and then some differences, as you might guess. I mean I
think the economic fallout, we'll see. I mean I think the economic fallout here is likely to be greater. And
then you put on top of that a mobility issue and a health and hygiene issue, which is people not wanting
to -- for a period of time until maybe there's a vaccine or therapeutics or we get past this, not wanting to
congregate in large groups. So I think being pragmatic about it and just straightforward about it, I think
group always is the last to recover. In the 30, whatever years I've been doing this and going through these
ups and downs, group is the last to recovers for no other reason that it's longer lead business, right? So
it's sort of logical. I think here, it will be a little longer than normal because of those factors. I think the
economic impact is going to be greater than most of what we've seen in my time. And we have to get --
people are going to have to sort of not only just come out of their foxholes, but ultimately get comfortable
congregating again. All of that, I think, will happen. By the way, I think the business when you get 2 or 3
years out will look a lot more like it did 90 days ago than it looks right now. I think it will look very, very
similar to it. But I think it's going to take time and progression. It's going to depend on what happens
with reopening. It's going to depend on what happens with how we fight COVID-19. It's going to depend
on things that are unknowns today, which is where we end up with vaccines and therapeutics. I'm super
optimistic based on the people I'm talking to about those things, but I'm not a health expert, and I'm not
in the pharma business, and I don't know. But those things are all sort of variables that it's just too early
to judge.

So the simple answer would be, I think, what the contours of this recovery, like prior recoveries, to a
degree, with a little bit of nuance will be leisure transient first, business transient second and group third.
I think they're all going to be a little bit different in contour than prior cycles for obvious reasons of the
impact of COVID-19 being different in terms of the impact that it has on people and business. But I think
that is the progression. And while you didn't ask it, I'll say it, I do think as we get in correcting -- thank
you for correcting me, Kevin. I do think Q2 is going to be very bad because we know that. I do think you

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

will start, as you get reopenings around the world and in Americas moving again, if the government and
federal government and state governments are responsible, I've been on the council for reopening and
so I think there's a sensible dialogue going on there, you will start to see a recovery as you get into Q3,
in my opinion in Q4, I think that the initial stages of that, just given how very low Q2 is, will look like a
pretty decent snapback. But trying to -- but I don't want to be pollyannaish. Getting back to sort of the
levels of occupancy. Like for us, that we're in the low to low, mid-70s in 2019 which were all-time high,
that's going to take time. I think you will see the down. You'll see a bit of a snapback as you get mobility
off of very low levels. And then I think you're going to sort of slowly recover as people get more comfort
and businesses start to get back in business, start to think about hiring and investing and all those fun
things. And that, as I said in my prepared comments, that's going to take 2 or 3 years to get back, in my
opinion, to those levels. And that's my honest view. The truth is this thing is moving really fast. So -- and
there are a lot of unknowns, as I just said. So that's my view based on what I see, and I've seen a lot and
talked to a lot of people. But time will tell, which is exactly why we haven't given guidance because it's
just too early to know. But everybody on this call knows I'm a born optimist, and that will never change.
So I feel spectacularly good about the long term for the industry. I feel spectacularly good about our
model and the long-term opportunities for Hilton. And we just sort of have to go through a period of time
to rebuild and get back on our feet as an industry and a company to get back to where we were.

Operator

And our next question comes from Harry Curtis from Instinet.

Harry Croyle Curtis
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

Chris, given your vast experience through prior recessions, let's go back to 2008 and '09, where there was
a significant amount of handwringing about the impact of video conferencing on corporate travel, and it
didn't really pan out. Do you think it pans out in the recovery? And I know it's anybody's guess, but is it
different this time, do you think?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's any -- I mean it's anybody's guess. I mean certainly, I have done more Webex meetings
and Zoom than I ever want to do in my life. I don't know about all of you. Maybe it's I'm now an old
curmudgeon. I'm tired of it. The last thing I'm going to want to do when I get done with this is do another
video conference. And I'm, by the way, hearing that from a lot of people. So the honest answer is I don't
know. I would say, on the margin, yes, there's going to be certain trip occasions where maybe because
people have become more accustomed to this out of necessity to sort of be able to function that they'll
think, well, I can do that, I don't have to -- I don't have to do a trip. But I think much like the debate that
I've been part of for the last 20 or 30 years as this has evolved, I think it is an unstoppable force that
people want to travel and see each other and need to, to build relationships, whether that is personal
or related to business. I don't think that will change. I don't think globalization is going to stop. I don't
think the need for people to travel the world is going to stop. And I am highly confident we can all wake
up in 2 or 3 years, and you can tell me I was right or wrong. But I'm highly confident, as I said, when
you wake up at 2 or 3 years, the world is going to -- it's hard to see it now. The world is going to look an
awful lot like it did 90 days ago in terms of customer behavior and demand patterns and the like. There
will be some differences. As I said, maybe on the margin, there's some business transient where people
do it, but I think they're going to want to see people. There are going to be other things that happened
that changed, but it's going to be things, I think, that we're sort of forming where it will accelerate other
things like our digital key -- digital check-in, which we've had great adoption, I think we'll have massive
adoption. Connected room, where you rent a room, you don't have to mess with the remote control or
touch switches, I think people will sort of adopt those things. So I think the digital world was already very
important to us. I think it's going to get more important because some of those trends are going to be
accelerated. But I do not -- I wake up at night thinking about a lot of things these days. I do sleep, but
I get up awfully early, as I told Kevin. But I do not worry that people are not going to want to see each
other, meet with each other and ultimately congregate. I think that is the human condition. And I think

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

there is an argument that on the margin, I described, it could take some [indiscernible]. There's also, I
think, an even better argument that people are going to want to see people more than ever. They just
need to feel safe, right? And I think when they feel safe, they will go back largely to their own patterns
and behaviors.

Looking at the great -- looking at prior activities, I think 9/11 is probably the most instructive. While it's
not the same because none of this -- this is unprecedented, as we keep saying, there are some lessons
that were learned there. Like basically, everybody said, well, after 9/11, nobody traveled. The video
conferencing wasn't as good, but they figured out other ways to do things because they were afraid to get
on planes and travel and go out. You fast forward it 2 or 3 years, we had figured out how to manage the
world and figured out how to not get rid of terrorism, but manage it, and people went back largely to their
prior behaviors -- it did accelerate a few things that were not -- frankly, I would argue harmful, that were
probably helpful. I think the same thing is going to happen here. I think as we get through this and we
realize that COVID-19 and these types of viruses are part of our future, they have been, we have dealt
with the seasonal flu; there was a time where the -- dealing with the seasonal flu felt like this, that we will
figure out as a global community how to deal with this. We will hopefully have a vaccine. Time will tell.
We will certainly have more therapeutics. We will certainly have better practices and procedures to make
sure that we protect the very small part of the global population that is really, truly most impacted by this.
And I think as people then start to feel like this is a safe environment, they are going to go back largely to
their old behaviors. I would bet a lot of money on it. And that's what history would tell you.

Harry Croyle Curtis
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

I appreciate that. And as a quick follow-up, what are your peers in the airline industry telling you about
the pace of their restart?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

I would say, I haven't talked to a lot of my peers, but looking at the data, to be honest, at least in the last
couple of weeks, in these days, it's like every week makes a difference. But based on the conversations
I have had over the last couple -- over the last month or 2, and then just looking at the data, I think,
well, we're not -- it's -- let's be clear, we're not showing robust recovery trends right now. We're -- I said
we are like teeny -- in China, we are. But the rest of the world, it's like teeny, tiny steps forward. I think
the airlines are way behind. And if you just look at the passenger mile data, how many in -- they're just
way behind. And here is the thing, that's because people are -- those that are willing to travel are only
willing to go so far from home. And so as I think about our teams, you didn't ask, but I'll answer because
we're spending an immense amount of time on recovery, I spent -- I had all 500 of our commercial leaders
around the world on a Zoom call yesterday and talking about how we're retooling our approach to go
to market over the next 6, 12, whatever it takes, 18 months, and that is going to be really much more
about local business and a lot more in the beginning about drive to business, right? So if you think about
it, I mean sort of the natural human reaction is like I'm going to -- I want to move, I want to get out,
I'm starting to feel safe, I'm going to get out of my house, I'm going to go to my neighborhood, maybe
I'll sort of move around the region, maybe I'll go to the region next door, eventually I'm going to cross
the country, I'm going to get on a plane go around the world, but I think it's in that progression. And so
if you think about it that way, while we've seen a little bit of pickup, I would argue almost all of it has
been in drive-to. And we thankfully we have a big portfolio. We have a lot of brands, but we have a lot
of drive. We have -- in the world, 2,600 or 2,700 Hampton Inns. And we have -- we have thousands, I
think, limited-service hotels in the U.S., we have almost 4,000 of them. And they are very well set up
for that sort of local street corner type business and drive to business. So I think there's a little bit of a
disconnect, and there will be for a period of time where I think we will likely show, I think, recovery at
a faster pace because we can accommodate types of demand that don't require air travel. Ultimately,
we need the airlines. We need people to get on planes to get to nirvana, which is back to more normal
patterns of demand. Obviously, that has to happen. But in the short term, I think it's going to be a little bit
more local, a little bit more drive to. And our industry, if you're -- if you can accommodate that business,
is going to be ahead of the airlines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So Chris, I wanted to switch the subject a little bit to kind of the franchisee side of the world here. Was
just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on how some of those conversations are going
with your franchise partners? If it's possible, and I appreciate it's both early stage and it may be hard to
give these numbers, but any sort of sense of magnitude of either asks of how many of your franchisees
are looking for any form of fee relief or what that dialogue is kind of looking like right now?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So this is something I commented on for good reason in my prepared comments because we're
spending, as you would guess, a huge amount of time with our franchise and broader ownership
community because they are the engine of our growth, and they are our most important partners in
business. And times are difficult for everybody, but times are more difficult for them given the situation,
which is no -- essentially no demand or very little demand, yet even with furloughs and all those things,
they still have to pay debt service, they still have to pay for insurance and real estate taxes and utilities
and all that fun stuff. So we've had a multi-tiered approach. I'd say, first and foremost, and I talked about
a little bit -- very little bit, we and I have been deeply involved in what's been going on with the federal
government, both with the administration and on the hill to try and get liquidity relief for the industry,
which is our ownership community and, frankly, trying to get relief for our frontline team members that
have been furloughed and not in any way relief for Hilton. We don't need it, we have not asked for it in
any way, shape or form, but we have been pushing really hard with the administration, treasury. I've had
lots of conversations with all the right people, including the President, Secretary Mnuchin, throughout the
PPP. Reality is, I could go on a long time, you don't want me to. PPP is a really good program. And we
-- Congress and the administration should be given a lot of credit for moving that fast and getting that
much money into the system that will help owners and small business folks and ultimately employees
keep -- stay on the payroll. Reality is, for our industry, it hasn't been -- just because of the complexity of
these ownership structures and the like, it has not been that helpful. The second wave, hopefully, is more
helpful. But there is a -- the Fed is getting ready to launch a Main Street Lending Program, which we're
working very hard on to make sure that there is more access. And so a bunch of our owners, by the way,
lots and lots, dozens and dozens have had access to PPP. We're hoping that a much larger set of them get
access to the Main Street Lending Program. And so that is an important part of what we're doing because
they need a bridge, right? I mean ultimately, we're also working with the administration on stimulus for
the industry when we get to the other side, to get demand going and people reemployed. But right now,
our owners need a bridge. So we've been working very hard in that regard.

We also, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, have done tons of things in terms of -- by the way,
suspending operations at 950 hotels, we've never done that, right? In the 100 years we've been around,
other than closing a hotel to tear it down or whatever, we've never done that. We've suspended massive
amounts of our brand standards, operating standards, capital programs and a whole bunch of other
things to sort of really take -- give them huge flexibility in how they operate, which I think they have
appreciated.

As I also mentioned, one of the most important things that we're doing right now, which I'm spending and
our team is spending an immense amount of time on, which I mentioned very lightly is the hotel operating
model of the future. We're working with all of our owners, franchisees across every brand, every category
to figure out -- we've already done the short term, but intermediate and long term, how do we use this
time -- necessity, as I like to say, does become the mother of invention. To think about things that we've
been exploring or thinking about -- and that we think makes sense to create more efficiency, what better
time to sort of think about our standards and sort of put them all in the bucket and really, really put a
bright light on them. And so we're doing that with deep involvement of our owner advisory councils. We
kicked this off a couple of weeks ago, and we're in full swing. And that's incredibly important work as we,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

again, get to the other side and hopefully get stimulus from the government, which I think we will, and
that we create an opportunity in the intermediate term for them to be able to operate at lower demand
levels and still have profitability. And then longer term, as we get back to normal, have even greater levels
of profitability than when we went into it.

In terms of fee relief, I would say you wouldn't be surprised to hear that there have been owners that
have asked for fee relief. But not hand over fist. And the reality is, I think there's a real simple reason. Our
fee structures, as you know, which is different for different players in the industry, all of our fee structures,
whether it's the franchise fee or management fee or the system charges, they're all based on a percentage
of revenue. So we have given the ultimate fee relief, meaning when you're 90% off, there really aren't
many fees because there is not much revenue. And so I think most of the owners, everybody would like
every bit of help that they can get. I think most of the owners that I have talked to sort of understand
that the fees have been rightsized with the demand in the business, that they're not at the moment,
sadly for us, paying, and sadly for them, they're not paying us a lot of fees in any event, so that we will
continue to look at all options with our owner community. As I said, there is no more important partner
and stakeholder that we have. They are the engine of opportunity for us. They're investing all the capital
they have been. And I believe they will, as Kevin noted, with the pipeline and NUG numbers, they will
continue to do so. And so we are literally and personally, I'm in daily conversations with huge numbers
of them. And I think you can ask them yourself. And while we're never going to be perfect, so far, the
feedback I get from our owner community, and you can validate it, is very high marks, that we were there
earlier than most, understanding the severity of this, we took very decisive and bold actions to provide
relief early. And again, while we're not perfect, my impression in the owners I'm talking to, and I'm talking
to hundreds of them, is while they're hurting, they are certainly appreciating the partnership that we have
provided.

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. And then maybe a little bit more of a specific one for Kevin, I guess. Kevin, could you outline for
us a little bit more on maybe just this kind of point in time working capital drag that we could potentially
see as it relates to mismatching on reimbursed cost. Primarily, I think it's the system fund, but anything
else that maybe investors should be aware of, just given the situation we're in when the music stops and
drops as much as it is, kind of where cash can be trapped for a period of time? And then how you expect
to recover that down the road?

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. Obviously, it's a question that's on a lot of people's minds, so it's a good one. I think to take a
step back, if you think about it's -- there's really 3 buckets of receivables that we have, right? In hotels
that we manage, which is a minority of the system, right, roughly 70% of the system is franchised. But
in hotels that we manage, the owners are responsible for the working capital and all the obligations. And
some of those ultimately are paid by us and then reimbursed by owners. So there's an opportunity there.
Then you have license fees and then system charges, as Chris mentioned in his buildup. So those are the
3 primary buckets.

What I would say in terms of sizing it, first of all, it's really early, right? So we're -- if you think about
the crisis really starting in March, you don't even build these things until the following month and then
you give people 30 days to pay. And so we're sort of just getting into it. So anything we would say there
would be speculative. But that said, embedded, I think it's probably obvious but worth saying, embedded
in the discussion that we've given you, both publicly and in Chris' -- and some of Chris' commentary
earlier, is a working capital drag, whereas we've said, if things stay the way they are, meaning circa 90%
down in revenue and in this environment, we have at least 24 months of liquidity and you've got our cash
balance. And so you can sort of just do the math and realize that if things stay the way they are, there is
an embedded cash drag in there that could be in the hundreds of millions of dollars ultimately. And so --
but of course, it depends on duration of the cycle, how it plays out. And ultimately, we believe, as Chris

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

just got done explaining, that the business is healthy, it's going to come back. And when it comes back,
we think we're going to get paid.

Operator

And our next question comes from Anthony Powell from Barclays.

Anthony Franklin Powell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So longer term, how do you think this event changes the financing market for new hotel construction? Do
you think lenders may require higher equity contributions or higher cash reserves? And could this be a
headwind for construction and your net unit growth over the medium to longer term?

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. That's a good question, Anthony. And the reality is we don't really know, but what I think is that,
generally, when you come out of these crises, lenders get appropriately more cautious, although I would
say that even pre-COVID, we were pretty deep into an economic cycle, and so you were starting to see
caution. That said, over the long term, I would say, for construction, most of the hotels that get built in
our system are not actually even financed aggressively. When you're talking about like big full-service
hotels and luxury hotels, sometimes they use more leverage. But the lion's share of the hotels that get
built in our system were not actually financed all that aggressively. You're talking about like 50% loan to
cost. And I would say, personally, I think that when the business recovers, the lending community will be
there. And as long as hotels are productive and profitable investments that they'll be able to be financed.
And then I think the last thing I'd add is you have to remember the amount of liquidity that is in the
system pre-COVID. You're talking about like tripling plus of the money supply from quantitative easing and
then -- and even more capital being injected into systems globally. There's going to be plenty of capital
looking for productive yields. And I would say, for some period of time, it will be a distressed environment.
And then it will -- and as it always does, it will recover back to normal.

Anthony Franklin Powell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. And maybe just one more. You mentioned that you've relaxed brand standards across the board
which helped owners. How do you manage that with customer expectations as you start to see recovery?
Hilton Honors has been known for a very consistent experience across the board. Customers are going to
be returning to see no breakfast buffets or whatnot. How do you manage that going forward?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

I think it's a really good question. I think in the short term, as we've been talking to customers and
surveying customers, they -- everybody gets what's going on in the world. So they're incredibly lenient.
And so we have not -- we're not serving sadly that many customers, but those that we are, who are
mostly on the front lines of recovery efforts, have been fine with all of the standard changes and
suspension of certain elements of the service. The work that I described that we're doing is sort of in the
intermediate and long-term in making sure that we, one, create the most efficient operating model; and
two, obviously, continue, as you implied -- as implied to your question to drive premium market share. I
mean we're not -- we continue to have the premium market share in the industry; we have no plan to give
that up. The trick is, as we transition from the intermediate to the longer term, what are the things that
you basically put back into the standards? And what do you take -- what do you leave out and/or change?
And that's sort of -- I can't give you the answer, and not because I don't want to, I don't have it yet. I
mean that's the work that we are doing right now. I suspect that what we will do is test a whole bunch
of different things, I know we will, as will others during the intermediate time frame when customers
are very forgiving. And what we're going to do is iterate, with the objective of making sure that we are
delivering premium product and service always to get our market share premiums, but we want to drive
efficiency. So short term is easy. Intermediate term, I think, will be a significant opportunity for testing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

when you're still on a relatively low demand environment, where customers are still quite sort of accepting
of things that are different. And then I think what we learn in that intermediate time frame, we will sort of
institute as our longer-range standards. And we're working through all of that. I think there'll be a whole
bunch of things that we'll do that will be more efficient long term. And there are going to be some that
we're going to -- some standards that we are going to -- that our customers are going to want in a more
normalized environment, and we're going to reinstitute.

Operator

Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Two related follow-ups. First, on the working capital drag you cited in the hundreds of millions of dollars
potentially, you mentioned it depends on how long this will last. So on the cash burn and months of
liquidity you provided in the debt deal, I think you were assuming that this is -- or maybe you can
elaborate on whether you're assuming this is a consistent drag each quarter or if that would potentially
moderate even if things remain weak.

And then second, can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing from consumers as it relates to
the loyalty program, you have some of the partnerships you have and how that may impact the model
both during this period and then also how you ensure customer engagement to position yourselves to use
this asset to take share in an eventual recovery?

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So on the working capital, Stephen, I would say, look, the assumptions that we gave publicly, which,
again, just to make sure everyone's clear, as part of the bond deal, we said 18 to 24 months, that was
pre-money for the bond deal, and we ended up upsizing that deal. So that's sort of how you get to the
longer end of that range. I would say that again, the -- when the crisis is new, things are a little sharper.
So the way I'd characterize it is the first months, second quarter of this year probably would be the worst
on that front and then it would moderate from there. But again, the assumption and the analysis are --

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

The assumption that get to the 24 months or 20 -- at least 24 months are basically you have little or no --

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

That you stay that way for that long.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes, that you stay that way.

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So -- and from that perspective, again, I said it would be a little bit harsher at the beginning, and
then it would be relatively flat, again, in that -- under those assumptions. With any kind of recovery curve,
it gets better from there.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

And then on the loyalty program side, just any color you can provide on that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We have done a bunch of things. If you look at it. I'd say, first of all, not that we have a lot of
business, but our Honors occupancy with the modest business we have has skyrocketed. So it was already
very high. And now it's a lot higher because they -- seemingly, they are more willing to travel than, I
guess, non-Honors members. But what we've been focused on during this time frame, and you can see it
in a lot of the things I talked about and that you would see publicly is, people aren't traveling that much.
So what can we do to build loyalty? We can give them flexibility. So we -- in the industry, we were the first
ones, I believe, certainly, we were very early to come out and give very significant cancellation flexibility.
We were definitely the first to come out and give status, allow people to remain -- keep their status. We
were definitely the first to come out and say, we're not going to have points expire. We did a bunch of
things to say to our Honors members, "No fault of your own, you can't travel, and we're not going to
hold that against you." We've been communicating with them regularly. And so far, I'd say that's going
well. The work that we're doing in the community, we're doing that because we want to be part of the
solution, not part of the problem. So our 1 million room nights with AMX to first responders for free, our
World Central Kitchen work, all of the other work that we're doing is about sort of continuing to build our
brand, the Honors brand with consumers who are sitting around and can't move but are watching a lot
of TV and reading a lot, doing a lot of social media and they're seeing these things. The net result is, in
terms of our numbers, our marketing team has been looking at it, like intent to consider purchase of our
product, Net Promoter Score, whatever, those numbers have gone way up through the crisis as a result
of people realizing, we're doing the right things. And so my attitude, which is the way I think about life
when you go into this, just like the way I thought about it when we went into the Great Recession, which
was different but similar, is when everything is good, it's really hard to differentiate yourselves. I mean I
think we have -- I think we've done a great job, but you get caught up in an arms race. When everything
is bad, people peel off and go different directions, and you have a real opportunity to differentiate yourself.
And so what I've said from the day we got in this crisis is as much as we need to solidify the core and deal
with liquidity, which Kevin and the team have done an amazing job on, and protect the -- and deal with
the cost structure and all those things, we have been crazy focused on making sure we are listening to
customers, particularly Honors members, and doing the right thing for them, that we are crazy focused
on our owners, as I've already talked a lot about, to do everything we can for them. That we're crazy
involved in our communities so that people remember that we were -- that we were part of the solution
because that will continue to build loyalty. And obviously, as impactful as it has been to our team members
that we're -- as we're impacting them, we're doing it in the right way in a way that is really taking care
of them as best we can. And so my attitude is, while this is all painful, there's no other way to describe
it, what we do now will determine our future, and we are absolutely committed as a team and a company
to continue to differentiate ourselves with all of our stakeholders and to come out the other side of this
stronger, including with our Honors members. And so far, we're -- I think doing a very good job doing that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bill Crow from Raymond James.

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Chris, based on your discussion, I think it was with Harry earlier, it sounds like your view is that the
primary gating factor for travel is not the hotel, it's the airplane, the airline. And if that's the case, is it fair
to suggest that no matter how much they discount fares, it's probably not going to be as stimulative as it
would have been in prior downturns?

And then the second part of that is, does that also mean that the larger coastal gateway markets come
back far later than the rest of the country?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Well, to a degree, yes. But let me reframe it a little bit. But what I was saying, which is right, that to
get back to full recovery, I think the airlines are a gating issue. People have to be comfortable to get on
planes. Planes have to be flying. There's a bunch of the business, particularly in the big -- in the major
markets that are -- that is fly to. And so to get to full recovery, you have to have that. I absolutely believe
you can get a significant amount of recovery before you get there. I think it's -- Bill, I wish I had all the
answers. I think it's wrapped up in a whole bunch of different things that relate to what's going on with
vaccines, therapeutics, human nature and just a comfort factor. My own belief is, as you continue to get
more testing, which is what I've been reinforcing with the White House and everybody that will listen,
and including antibody testing, that you are going to understand that because the data is pretty clear,
that while this is a terrible virus and it's affecting people's life and is killing people, which is horrific and
every life is important, when you get down to it, it has infected a lot more people that we know and the
mortality rate is much, much lower than people have thought. And the real data suggests there's a very
small part of the population that is really at risk. I think the more of the testing data that comes out
even without a vaccine or a therapeutic, the more people are going, particularly those that are not as at
risk, the more comfort that they are going to have. With a vaccine and/or therapeutic, I think it's game
changing. And so I'm not trying to be evasive. I just think it's going to be iterative. I think you're going to
have drive to business. You're going to have some fly to business. People are going to socially space, wear
masks and all that. And there will be people that go out. The more they understand the real mortality rate,
the more therapeutics and/or vaccine progress we have, I think, it will, as I said 2 or 3 different times,
I think when you wake up in a couple of years, it will feel a lot more like it did 90 days ago than it does
now. And the path depends on a whole bunch of variables that are not particularly well known. But I think
it will progress. We will recover. First, with more drive to, some fly to, and that will happen. I mean people
are -- you're going to -- this summer, you start looking at the airline numbers, and you're going to see a
big shift up. It's not going to be anywhere near where it was. But in my opinion, this summer, you will see
a heck of a lot more people getting on planes and in airports than you see right now. So I think it's just
going to be a progression.

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Hope you're right. Chris, if I could just follow up with one other question that I'm not sure you can answer.
But as you look out, you're talking about 2, 3, 4 years out using this period for innovation and whatnot. Do
you think the operating cost or cost per occupied room will be lower or higher as we start to stabilize this
industry?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Lower. For sure. Lower. I mean just because of all the things that we're working on, I can't tell you
how much lower, because I don't have the answer yet. But they're clearly, clearly, I mean there are a
few things, Bill, as you might guess, that are going to cost a little bit more like our clean stay standard
working with Lysol and Mayo. Yes, I mean Lysol products may be a little more expensive than some of
the products used; that's relatively insignificant. The other things that we're thinking about in terms of
garnering efficiencies vastly outweigh that. So I think when we wake up on a stabilized basis, operating
costs are going to go down.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robin Farley from UBS.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. Most of my questions have been asked, but I did want to follow up on the unit growth question,
and I appreciate how difficult it is to have visibility on this. You were talking about financing, that there'll
be capital available. But I guess just thinking about from a perspective of owner appetite and when you
kind of look at historic downturns, anything under construction, as you've pointed out, would open and the
decline or, I guess, slower rate of growth typically in supply would usually come a year or 2 later because

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

of those new projects. So I wonder if you could talk about kind of owner appetite. It seems like given
even what you're saying about how it could take a couple of years to get back to 2019 levels that maybe
an owner or developer that hasn't put a shovel in the ground yet would be rethinking anything that's not
under construction, that then we would see something much lower than mid-single-digit growth in terms
of pipeline kind of a year or so out from now?

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think, listen, it's a good point, Robin. And certainly, that is generally how it worked last time,
although not really. I mean I think the first year after the great financial crisis was the low point and then
it sort of started building from there. There was another year in 2012 where it sort of stayed low/went
down a touch because of what you're describing. The difference this time is it's delayed, right? I mean it's
a different crisis. And you've just got construction that's being suspended, things are going to take longer
and it's going to push. And then the other thing is you've had -- this is coming at the end of a cycle. So
you just had -- you've had a bunch of deliveries and their existing hotels, and there's going to be a little
bit less demand for a while and more -- we think more demand for our engines. So we do think we'll drive
a higher level of conversions going forward. And thus, we think a growing trajectory from here. We'll see
what happens, but that's what we think.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. No, great. That's helpful. And then one other sort of point on the same topic is, we looked at all the
data historically for hotel removals, right? Hotels that closed and never reopened in previous downturns.
And like interestingly, that doesn't go up a lot even in '09, that wasn't really that much above average. I
would assume that you don't expect removals to be at a higher rate this year with this issue as well. Or I
mean -- but tell me if that's not accurate.

Kevin J. Jacobs
Executive VP & CFO

No, that's accurate. That's accurate. We think renewals will be very normal.

Operator

And our next question comes from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.

Thomas Glassbrooke Allen
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just in terms of buybacks, just want to -- so in the prepared remarks, in the press release it said Hilton
formally suspend your buyback program, but the program remains authorized and you may resume share
repurchases in the future at any time. How are you thinking about the buyback program? How are you
thinking about the right leverage levels? Any clarity there would be helpful.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. A really good question. And I'd say a little bit early given where we are to have -- sort of be
dispositive about it. But I don't think long term, we have a -- in the short term, we're not going to be
doing dividends and buybacks. We've made that pretty clear. As we get back to recovery in more -- a
normalized environment, I don't think our capital allocation strategy has really changed. One might argue,
even though I think from a liquidity point of view we find ourselves in a really good position and we did
the right things, not just post-crisis, but pre-crisis in terms of having credit available, maturity schedule
that was very attractive, those weren't lucky. I mean we knew we were at the end of the business cycle,
and those are things that we planned out to make sure that we had all the financial flexibility we would
need. Now did we know we would have COVID-19? Of course not. But we knew we're at the end of the
business cycle, and we wanted to have -- be really set up well for it. And so we are. And so I'd say this
should hopefully be the greatest test of all time for a balance sheet. It's hard to believe another one could

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

be worse given what's happened. And I think we feel like we're in a really good position to sort of pass
that test and have the liquidity and the credit profile to get through it.

So I don't think when we get back to a normalized environment, we have too much of a different view.
What I was going to say is you could argue about, would you be a little bit lower leverage than you might
have been? I'm sure we will debate that, and this isn't the time to conclude that. But more broadly, we will
definitely resume at some point when we get to a normalized environment. I believe our intention would
be to resume sort of where we left off in terms of our capital allocation strategy.

Okay. I think that's it. Well, it's an interesting call and interesting times. We appreciate everybody's time.
I know we've been talking with lots of people sort of as this has been going on. Obviously, happy to
continue doing that as we work our way through this. As we said in our comments, second quarter will not
be pretty. But hopefully, third quarter and fourth we'll be back on the road to recovery. So everybody, stay
safe, stay well. And we're going to keep working awfully hard to do the right things here, and we'll look
forward to catching up with you and updating you on where we are after the second quarter.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference. We do thank you for joining. You may
now disconnect your lines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

