Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. NYSE:HLT
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 05, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.10

0.02

(80.00 %)

0.42

3.05

3.89

Revenue  (mm)

1005.95

874.00

(13.12 %)

1377.92

5970.16

8479.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2021 12:10 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.30)

(0.04)

0.02

0.10

(0.61)

0.06

(0.10)

0.02

NM

NM

NM

(80.00 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Jill Slattery
Director, Investor Relations

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President of Global
Development

ANALYSTS

Carlo Santarelli
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Charles Patrick Scholes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

David Brian Katz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Joseph Richard Greff
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Richard J. Clarke
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Securities, Research Division

Smedes Rose
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Thomas Glassbrooke Allen
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Hilton First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Jill Slattery, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and
Corporate Development. You may begin.

Jill Slattery
Director, Investor Relations

Thank you, Chad. Welcome to Hilton's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Before we begin, we would like to
remind you that our discussions this morning will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could
differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements and forward-looking statements
made today speak only to our expectations as of today. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or
revise these statements. For a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ,
please see the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed Form 10-K.

In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. You can find reconciliations
of non-GAAP to GAAP financial measures discussed in today's call in our earnings press release and on our
website at ir.hilton.com.

This morning, Chris Nassetta, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of
the current operating environment. Kevin Jacobs, our Chief Financial Officer and President, Global
Development, will then review our first quarter results. Following their remarks, we'll be happy to take
your questions.

With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Chris.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Jill. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. It has been a little over a year
since the pandemic started. Over that time, we acted swiftly to address the challenges we face, so we
could quickly turn our focus to best positioning ourselves towards recovery and beyond. I'm really proud
of how we've set up the company for the future. And most importantly, I'm grateful to our team members
who have continued to lead with hospitality and to all of our stakeholders for their ongoing support.

In the first quarter, system-wide RevPAR decreased 38% year-over-year and 53% versus 2019. Rising
COVID cases and tightening travel restrictions, particularly across Europe and Asia Pacific, weighed on
demand through January and most of February. However, March marked a turning point. As we lapped
the start of the U.S. lockdowns, RevPAR turned positive up more than 23% year-over-year. System-wide
occupancy reached 55% by the end of the month driven by strong leisure demand. As expected, recovery
in group and corporate transient continued to lag, but both segments showed sequential improvement
versus the fourth quarter.

Overall, this positive momentum has continued into the second quarter. While recovery varies by region
and country, we can see the light at the end of the tunnel. In the U.S., more than 50% of adults have
received at least 1 dose of a COVID-19 vaccine. As a result, we're seeing a significant lift in forward
bookings and occupancy, which is now around 60% as well as lengthening booking windows. This mirrors
trends in other countries around the world. For instance, China is running in the low 70s occupancy. We
do expect this momentum to continue . Vaccine distribution, coupled with relaxed travel restrictions and
increasing consumer confidence should drive further RevPAR improvements in the coming months and
quarters. In fact, we are on pace to see record leisure demand in the U.S. over the summer months with
April bookings for the summer exceeding 2019 peak levels by nearly 10%. We also expect continued

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

corporate office reopenings to drive a meaningful pickup in business transient demand towards the back
half of the year.

Based on what we've seen in China and pockets of the U.S., once restrictions are lifted and offices reopen,
business travel returns. In the first quarter, business transient revenue was roughly 75% of 2019 levels in
states that were further along in their reopening process.

Additionally, recent forecast for nonresidential fixed investment are up more than 3 percentage points
from prior projections to 7.8%, indicating even greater optimism around business spending.

On the group side, forward booking activity continues to improve month-over-month. Group bookings
made in the first quarter for the back half of the year were roughly flat with 2019 booking activity,
suggesting customers are increasingly optimistic about safety measures and loosening pandemic
restrictions. Near-term group bookings continue to be driven largely by social events and smaller group
meetings, but we are seeing a slow shift back to a more normal mix of business with corporate group
leads up more than 70% for future periods.

Associations and trade shows have also started opening up housing and registration sites for events later
this year, further signs of moving forward with in-person group meetings.

As we look out to next year, our group position is roughly 85% of peak 2019 levels with rate increases
versus 2019. Group bookings were up in the mid-teens for 2023 versus 2019. In fact, last week, I was in
Mexico to chair the World Travel and Tourism Council's Global Summit where more than 800 participants
from all over the world attended in person and thousands more attended virtually. The conference
demonstrated that it is possible to meet in a safe way and that hybrid events can be incredibly effective
at expanding participation and enhancing collaboration. It was great to be in the same room with other
hospitality and government leaders talking about the bright future that lies ahead for our industry. The
event made me even more optimistic for our recovery and confident that we are beginning to see a new
era of travel emerge.

Turning to development. During the quarter, we added 105 hotels totaling more than 16,500 rooms to
our system and achieved net unit growth of 5.8%. We celebrated the openings of our 100th Curio and
our 50th Tapestry hotel demonstrating the strength of our conversion-friendly brands. Overall conversions
accounted for approximately 24% of additions in the quarter.

We also continued to enhance our resort footprint during the quarter with the openings of the 1,500-room
Virgin Hotel Las Vegas, the Hilton Abu Dhabi Yas Island, the all-inclusive Yucatan Resort Playa del Carmen
and 6 spectacular properties along the California Coast. Customers have even more opportunities to
stay with us as travel resumes. Building on our already impressive portfolio in the world's most desirable
locations, during the quarter, we signed agreements to bring our Waldorf Astoria and Canopy brands to the
Seychelles. The properties are scheduled to open in 2023, joining the Mango House Seychelles, LXR Hotel
and Resorts set to open later this summer.

In the quarter, we signed nearly 22,000 rooms modestly ahead of our expectations. This included our
first Signia hotel. Additionally, through our strategic partnership with Country Garden to introduce the
Home2 Suites brand to China, we added more than 5,000 rooms to our pipeline. We're excited for the
opportunities this partnership provides with one of our fastest-growing brands.

Home2 recently celebrated its tenth anniversary, marking the milestone with nearly 1,000 rooms, hotels
open and in the pipeline. On Entrepreneur Magazine's Annual Franchise 500 List, which featured 11 of our
18 brands, Home2 was the #2 hotel brand ranking only behind Hampton.

Overall, we are very happy with our development progress and excited for additional growth opportunities
with more than half of our 399,000-room pipeline under construction, We're confident in our ability to
grow net units in the mid-single-digit range for the next several years and continue to expect growth in
the 4.5% to 5% range in 2021.

And in an environment where safety and cleanliness are top priorities for travelers, we continue to create
more opportunities for our guests to enjoy a contactless experience from pre-arrival to post-checkout.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Our digital key feature, which enables guests to bypass the front desk and go straight to the rooms is now
available in the vast majority of our hotels worldwide.

Additionally, we've joined forces with Lyft to mobilize Honors members to contribute to the Lyft
Vaccine Access Initiative, which funds rides for those in need of reliable transportation to their vaccine
appointment. We're excited to continue the momentum of our partnership with Lyft by supporting this
important cause.

During the quarter, we also launched 2 new co-branded credit cards in Japan, building on our 25-year
partnership with American Express and marking the first time our co-branded cards have been made
available to customers outside the United States. These cards are designed with both frequent and
occasional travelers in mind and offer customers the opportunity to earn Hilton Honors bonus points on
everyday spending as well as at our properties worldwide.

As a result of our strong partnerships, industry-leading brands, and unmatched value proposition, our
loyalty program continues attracting new members. We ended the first quarter with more than 115 million
Honors members, up roughly 8% year-over-year with membership increasing across every major region
despite lower demand due to the pandemic.

As I reflect on the quarter and the past year, I'm very proud of the determination, creativity and
hospitality that our Hilton team members have demonstrated. This earned us recognition by Fortune and
Great Place to Work as the #1 Best Big Company to Work For and #3 Best Company to Work For in the
United States.

Overall, I'm pleased with our first quarter results and feel very good about the momentum for the
remainder of the year. I'm optimistic for the future of travel and for Hilton as we emerge stronger and
better positioned continuing to drive value for our guests, our owners, our communities and, of course,
our shareholders.

With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Kevin to give more details on our results for the quarter.

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President of Global Development

Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. During the quarter, system-wide RevPAR declined 38.4%
versus the prior year on a comparable and currency-neutral basis as rising COVID cases and reinstated
travel restrictions and lockdowns disrupted the demand environment, especially across Europe and Asia
Pacific. However, occupancy improved sequentially throughout the quarter, increasing more than 20 points.
Adjusted EBITDA was $198 million in the first quarter, down 45% year-over-year. Results reflected the
continued impact of the pandemic on global travel demand, including temporary suspensions at some of
our hotels during the quarter. Management and franchise fees decreased 34%, less than RevPAR decrease
as franchise fee declines were somewhat mitigated by better-than-expected license fees and development
fees.

Additionally, results were helped by continued cost control at both the corporate and property levels. Our
ownership portfolio posted a loss for the quarter due to the challenged demand environment. Reinstated
lockdowns and travel restrictions in Europe and Japan, coupled with temporary hotel closures and
fixed operating costs, including fixed rent payments at some of our leased properties, weighed on our
performance. Continued cost control mitigated segment losses. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share
adjusted for special items was $0.02.

Turning to our regional performance. First quarter comparable U.S. RevPAR declined nearly 37% year-
over-year and 50% versus 2019. Demand improved sequentially throughout the quarter with March
occupancy 62% higher than January and ending at 55%, the highest level since the pandemic began.
Leisure travel continued to lead the recovery, particularly on weekends with warm weather destinations
benefiting the most.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

In the Americas outside the U.S., first quarter RevPAR declined 55% year-over-year and 63% versus
2019. Performance recovered in March, but lagged the broader system due to the region's greater
dependence on international travel, which remain constrained by tightened travel restrictions.

In Europe, RevPAR fell 76% year-over-year and 82% versus 2019. Declines were driven by increasing
COVID cases and reinstated lockdowns across both the United Kingdom and Continental Europe. Delays in
vaccination distribution also disrupted recovery.

In the Middle East and Africa region, RevPAR was down 32% year-over-year and 46% versus 2019.
Performance in the region benefited from strong domestic demand and easing restrictions. In the Asia
Pacific region, first quarter RevPAR fell 7% year-over-year and 49% versus 2019 as rising infections,
lockdowns and border closures weighed on performance early in the quarter. RevPAR in China increased
64% year-over-year with occupancy levels increasing from roughly 35% to roughly 65% during the
quarter.

Both leisure and business transient demand rebounded quickly as restrictions eased with March occupancy
in China exceeding 2019 levels.

Turning to development. As Chris mentioned, in the first quarter, we grew net units 5.8% driven primarily
by the Americas and Asia Pacific. Tightening restrictions and lockdowns across Europe delayed openings in
the region. However, we expect an uptick in development activity as countries continue to reopen.

For the full year, we continue to expect net unit growth of 4.5% to 5%. Signings in the quarter decreased
year-over-year due to pre-pandemic comparisons, but exceeded our expectations due to greater-than-
expected signings in China, particularly for our Home2 Suites brand. For the year, we expect signings to
increase mid-single digits versus 2020.

Turning to the balance sheet. During the quarter, we took steps to further enhance our liquidity position
and preserve financial flexibility. We repaid $500 million of the outstanding balance under our $1.75 billion
revolving credit facility and opportunistically executed a favorable debt refinancing transaction to extend
our maturities at lower rates. As we look ahead, we remain confident in our balance sheet and liquidity
positions as we continue to focus on recovery. Further details on our first quarter can be found in the
earnings release we issued earlier this morning. This completes our prepared remarks. We would now like
to open the line for any questions you may have. [Operator Instructions]
Chad, can we have our first question?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.

Carlo Santarelli
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So Chris, Kevin, you guys gave some helpful data points around kind of the acceleration that you saw
throughout the first quarter. And speaking more maybe on the U.S. front, could you guys maybe talk a
little bit about March and maybe to the extent you're willing to, April and how kind of -- not only RevPAR
trends, I know you gave some data points on occupancy with the 55% exit rate coming out of March,
kind of what you've seen from a fee generation on the U.S. side as it pertains to the occupancy gains that
you're seeing? And then perhaps, how you're thinking about beyond people coming back into the office.
The aspect of pent-up demand within the business and corporate traveler as we get maybe -- it's probably
a 4Q event, I think, most of us would assume at this point. But how do you guys think about that?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Boy, that's a lot of questions all embedded in one. But that is probably the most important. I'll cover parts
of it. Maybe Kevin will throw some things in, and we'll save a little bit maybe for later because I'm sure
others will have similar questions. But thank you, and I do think that is the question du jour. Obviously,
as both Kevin and I covered, Carlo, we saw a pretty marked improvement as we marched through the
quarter, and that continued into April. In terms of the global data, I think the best way to look at it is
against a '19 comparison because looking at it against 2020, particularly right now as you are in the early
stages of the pandemic, is relatively useless.

And so -- yes, if you look at January and February, you were globally -- and the U.S. was similar. If you
look at it, you were sort of in the 55% to 60% down from a RevPAR point of view. And you picked up
about 10 points going down into sort of the mid 40s down in March. And then in April, we -- you had
another step-up in your -- into the low 40s. Obviously, May, it's a little early to say, but I would say the
trajectory in our mind continues if we look at forward bookings, both on the transient -- on the leisure
transient side, which is what's going to dominate the second quarter. It feels like we're going to continue
marching on.

If you look at it by segments, which I obviously have spent a lot of time, and this will sort of get to some
of our views on business transient and the group side. If you look at -- if you break down room nights by
segments relative to 2019, again, I'm focusing on room nights to sort of take rate for the moment out of
this. Leisure in the first quarter was already close to 90% of '19. By the way, for what it's worth, much
lower based on lower rated business, but just again, room nights. And business was about 50% in the first
quarter. Again, lower if you look at it on a RevPAR basis. And group was about 35% to 40%.

As you march through our expectations for the year, our belief is globally -- and every region will be a
little bit different. I'll save a regional question for somebody else because I don't want to do too much of
a filibuster on one question. But if you march through the year, my expectation is you're going to have an
incredibly robust leisure-driven summer. So we're going to continue to see good progress. We believe the
summer will be meaningfully over 2019 peak levels of leisure demand.

As we get into the fall and every day, you're reading the same things that I'm reading, but I'm also, as
I'm sure you are, talking to a lot of CEOs of large companies that we deal with or that are friends of mine.
And I think clearly, as you get into the summer, many people are starting to bring folks back in the office.
Certainly, as you get into the fall, all things sort of being equal in terms of trajectory of vaccination, most
businesses are going to be bringing folks back. Maybe not fully -- probably not fully, but on some flexible
basis, but a whole lot different than what we've been experiencing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

We do believe that -- and we do see it both in China, as I said in my prepared comments, we do see
it in parts of the United States where restrictions have been lifted earlier. I mentioned in my prepared
comments, business travel volume's already 75% of what they were in '19 in those markets. So I think
it is -- even though not fully through it, not fully open anywhere, I think it is really good evidence that as
people get back to work, as kids in the fall go back to school, which at this point, I think, is very highly
likely, you're going to see a step change into the third and fourth quarter in business transient.

I also see it in our booking pace on the group side that you will see a pretty good step change. In the
group side, I gave you some stats, so I won't repeat them. At the moment, it is more SMERF kind of
related business and small meetings in the second half of this year with the bigger meetings really some
happening, but really those getting booked more into next year at a high volume. But we do believe that
we will have a lot of realized group business, a lot more of it than we've been experiencing in the second
half of the year.

So if you sort of jump to the fourth quarter, recognizing Q2 is going to be largely leisure, Q3 is going to
sort of be a transition. On a room night basis, our forecasting which is all it is, but it's based on a lot of
data and based on sort of the current trajectory that we're on, we think room nights in leisure will be at
'19 levels. We don't think rate will be back to '19 levels. So sort of RevPAR levels in the leisure, sort of
in the 80, low 80s sort of percent. We think business transient, by the time you get to the fourth quarter
based on what we're seeing in markets that are recovering on a room night basis, we'll be about 70%-ish.

I'm being reasonably precise, obviously, but these are sort of our sense of estimates. And obviously, lower
than that on a RevPAR basis because we're still not going to have the -- all the highest-rated business
travel back. That's why it takes time to sort of get back to '19 levels. And we think group from a volume
point of view could be -- could be halfway back to '19 levels. Again, it won't be the highest-rated groups.
Those will start coming next year when we get to a place where we have the larger groups, association, et
cetera, that are typically are paying. So that's sort of -- that's how we think the year is going to play out.

We think that as a result, RevPAR levels every sort of month as we go versus '19 are going to get better.
By the time we end the year, I think we could be back somewhere around 70% or something-ish of '19
levels on a run rate basis, which isn't all the way home. But it's a heck of a lot better than where we were.
And what I would say, not to be Pollyannaish about it, what I would say is the recovery of late, certainly,
since we had our last call, the recovery -- the slope of the recovery has been steeper than what we would
have thought. In all regards, now a lot of it is to come on the business transient, although we're seeing
some.

As I described, it's not like we have none, and we're seeing a pretty decent uptick. But that is sort of a fall
expectation. But I would say broadly, as you can probably tell from my comments, there's a bunch of data
to support it. We think the slope of the recovery has steepened since the last time we talked and thus, our
reason for optimism that things are on a good path.

You asked about fee generation that will follow. I don't think there's a whole lot more to say that as the
business recovers, so do our fees. We get -- that's how we get paid. And I do think sort of built into
my expectations that I gave is sort of my view and our view of pent-up demand. I think there's a huge
amount of pent-up demand. And my guess is every single person that you guys talk to, whether they run
a business, whether you talk to them, they're a friend of yours, you see him on the beach or wherever you
are, that they're talking about needing to and wanting to get out both for leisure, but increasingly needing
to and wanting to get out for business and the congregating groups.

There are a lot of important work that gets done in these -- in these group settings that I think, after a
while, people realized that it's not possible to keep going without it. So I do think there's a -- I think we're
on a real -- on a very good slope. We need the vaccination trends and the infection rates and all of the fun
stuff that we're all looking at every minute of every day because that's all the media is covering obviously.
We need all that to progress. But our view is we're on a solid -- a very solid road to recovery. Did I get
most of what you want?

Carlo Santarelli
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Yes, you did.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

I left a few nuggets for somebody else to ask about.

Operator

And the next question will be from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.

Joseph Richard Greff
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I think most of my demand-related, recovery-related questions were sufficiently answered before. So I'd
just like to talk about the development pipeline. Nice to see that up sequentially on a quarter-over-quarter
basis. What we've been seeing for a while now is that the non-U.S. component is becoming a bigger
percentage of the pipeline. How much of the non-U.S. is limited service? And how did that composition --
how did that compare to maybe a year ago? And maybe where I'm going with this question is when you
look at the average fee per room in your development pipeline now versus a year ago, is that average fee
per room up or down?

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President of Global Development

Yes. That's a good question. I think those trends are not changing dramatically in the short term, right?
They sort of stay -- we've got a pretty good development pipeline, both in full service and limited service.
You have seen growth, I mean, primarily through our master and limited partnerships in China with
Hampton and Home2. But also as we deploy Hilton Garden and other brands around the world, you are
seeing slightly faster growth in limited service. So for it to change the overall trajectory of fees per room,
it will take a really long time. And so that has been pretty steady as has the mix between full service and
limited service generally speaking, in both the pipeline and rooms under construction. I think it's about
60-40, full service, limited service. And that stayed pretty constant. Oh, the other way. Sorry, 40-60.

Operator

The next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Securities, Research Division

Chris or Kevin, maybe to stick with the same development topic, inflation has become a big theme around
all of the markets recently. And I just want to get your thoughts on specifically what this could mean for
the hotel development side. Are you seeing or hearing about any changes or delays that could be out
there as a result of things like materials inflation? Is this a particular concern to you at all in how you're
underwriting or what you're starting to hear back from your development teams?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, of course, it's a concern. I mean we have in -- sort of inflation going on, not just in the input
cost but labor as well. So when they ultimately -- when people need to operate -- open and operate, the
cost are higher. Now we've done a bunch of things and are doing a bunch of things to bring cost down
inside the hotels by creating really good efficiencies that I think will more than offset that component of it.
But cost to build are going up and financing is not particularly readily available. For the best owners, it is
and people are starting new build projects in the U.S. and around the world.

But I suspect and sort of built in, Shaun, to our expectations on unit growth is that the U.S., you will see
a cycle where, particularly in the U.S., the new construction numbers are going to be much, much lower.
That's obviously long-term healthy for the industry. But the good news for us is the world is a big place.
And the pressures are not the same in all places in the world, particularly recognizing that the place where

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

we get the second biggest chunk of our growth is Asia Pacific and China in particular. And those pressures
are very different in the sense that they're less and there's a lot more financing available, et cetera, et
cetera.

And so not unlike coming out of the Great Recession, our job is to be really resilient. This is the benefit
of an investment in a big global company. I think we're really good at this and sort of anticipating and
adapting to the trends. And like after the Great Recession, the same thing happened in the U.S. It wasn't
so much an inflationary issue. It was just a dearth of capital. And new construction starts went way down.
That's what's happening here. That will be healthy for the industry.

And what did we do? We pivoted then the same way we're pivoting now, just with more tools in the
toolkit, meaning conversions become a much larger part of what we're doing. And we have -- we are much
further along in terms of the relationships we have around the world in the areas of the world that are
continuing to not only motor along but pick up steam. I mean I think in China, as an example, our second
biggest market, we're going to sign more, start more and open more deals than I think we ever have this
year, right? And so diversification is a powerful thing. Ultimately, I do believe the pressures on the cost to
build will abate over a period of time, and I don't think it will be that long a period of time.

I'm highly confident that the financing markets will have been easing up and will continue to ease up. And
the U.S., in terms of new development or new construction starts, will be a huge engine of opportunity for
us as it always has been and then pick up a lot of steam. And I'm sure other things around the world will
happen over time where they slow down. But we're very quick on our feet, not to pat us on the back too
much, but I think we've been able for 15 years to continue to drive really good growth while lots of crazy
things are going on around the world because there are different conditions and there's ways to continue
to grow.

And so while we do starting -- finishing with where we started, we do worry about it. I think we have a
plan to address it. I think we've built that into the expectations that we've provided to you guys in terms
of where we think growth will be.

Operator

Next question will be from Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

On capital allocation, what are the key factors you're considering in bringing back a dividend or buyback
and thinking through just capital allocation priorities more broadly?

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President of Global Development

Yes. I think, look, the second part maybe is a little more straightforward. Our overall view on capital
allocation hasn't changed. Obviously, we've suspended dividend and buyback to preserve liquidity during
the pandemic. But the way we think about it broadly hasn't changed. And I think the way we think about
it, more specifically on the first part of your question, is we want to get a little further into the recovery,
a little bit further into reliably generating free cash -- positive free cash flow and having our leverage
level start to come down. And so that -- unless something crazy happens, we think that happens over the
course of the year. We'll talk to our Board about it sort of in the second half of the year as the recovery
takes shape. And we'd say it's highly likely that starting next year, we get back into the capital return
business.

Operator

And the next question is from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.

Thomas Glassbrooke Allen
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Here in your earlier comments, the slope of recovery has been better than expected. Chris, what's your
latest thinking on when RevPAR gets back to 2019 levels?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That's a great question. Actually, Thomas, thanks for asking it. It's one that we were debating over
the last few days ourselves. And there are varying opinions on it even inside our own shop. I mean I've
been saying '23 or '24, as you know, on these calls publicly. And I still believe that. I think from a -- I
think with the slope of the recovery, I'd probably be on the earlier end of that rather than the later as we
have a little bit more visibility. I think there is a chance from a room night point of view, certainly on a run
rate basis, that we get back next year. But I think to get both room nights and rate and the compression
we need requires, certainly in the U.S., it broadly requires the bigger groups to be back. And while I think
they're coming back and certainly, they want to be back, the planning and all of that -- it's on a lag. So I
think that takes some time next year. So I'd still say '23, '24 but I'd probably err towards the earlier end
of that.

Operator

The next question will be from Smedes Rose with Citi.

Smedes Rose
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I kind of -- along the same lines, you see this acceleration in RevPAR. In your conversations, is there any
on the corporate side for groups, less on the association side? Do you sense any hesitancy on the part of
corporates to move back in terms of having enjoyed a year of essentially no travel budgets? Any kind of
push back on the -- that you think in terms of the amount of people they put on the road or the amount
of people they put into groups? Or is that not really an issue? I was just sort of pegging off this idea of
impairment when someone [ is there ]...

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

It's another reason I think it takes time to get back to '19 levels, sort of my picking up from my earlier
answer, is because I do think not only have people cut budgets, not everybody was Amazon or whatever
that has really benefited during this time. A lot of them, most businesses, by number, have been really
negatively impacted by the pandemic, and they need to cut expenses. And so I'm highly confident, as is
the case with any cyclical downturn in recovery when this happens, that those budgets will build back, but
it will take will take some time.

Now I think in the second half of this year, I think, number one, there's a huge amount of pent-up
demand. And by definition, they only have half a year to spend whatever they have anyway because
nobody is doing a ton of traveling in the first half of the year. So I think ironically, I think there's plenty of
budget capacity. I look at our own budget. There's plenty of budget capacity when you talk to businesses
for the rest of this year. I think as you go into next year, if we're in a full-scale recovery while people are
going to, for a period of time, want to be thrifty, I think in the end, it will just be what the opportunity set
is.

And if it were in a robust recovery, what I have seen -- again, I can't prove it, but I've seen it in every
other cycle as you get into that, the rope gets -- they let -- businesses let the rope through their hands
because they have to. They have to deliver alpha. They have to compete against other businesses in --
that are trying to do the same thing. And so they have to -- their people have to get out on the road. They
have to have meetings.

They have to build their culture, innovate, collaborate, get out and get their sales forces out and do all the
things they do. So the steeper the slope of the recovery, the fact -- like in every other cyclical recovery,
and that's when we get through the pandemic, we're done largely with the help and you're in a cyclical

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

economic recovery. The steeper the slope, the faster it comes back. That's just the way it's always worked.
I don't think it'll be any different here.

But it will -- that's why I said '23, '24. Again, I said probably, I'd take the earlier of that rather than the
later given the current slope of what we're seeing. But that's why it takes longer. We will get back to room
nights, I think, faster because we'll still find room nights that are lower-rated business because we've
gotten really good at that. But we're going to want to shift the mix out over the next couple of years to
the higher-rated business, get more compression from groups to ultimately get back there. So I think
budgets will normalize sort of between now and 2023 if the slope of the recovery is what we think -- is
what we're seeing.

Operator

The next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies.

David Brian Katz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Covered a lot of territory already. But I wanted to just talk about the development in general. And we
have not talked much about the degree to which the interactions with owners have maybe changed either
temporarily or permanently. We've been so focused on the demand recovery, which obviously is worthy of
consuming our attention. But is there any semi-permanent or permanent change in the manner in which
you deal with the development community and sort of how those monies and risks are managed long
term?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

It's a complicated answer. I think when you boil it down, I don't think there is going to be any material
shift. I do believe in the -- obviously, short to intermediate term, there's a shift because like everybody,
not all of our owners, but most of our owners are dealing with a very difficult situation. I would say the
99.9%. Now some of them are much further along in the recovery because their portfolios are in markets
that have had rapid recovery, resort markets, Southern U.S. and they're doing pretty well. But broadly, the
owner community obviously has been hurting as have we as have the whole industry. There's not -- it's
not like it's been easy on any of us.

We obviously have deployed a whole host of things to be supportive of the owner community, and those
are still fully deployed in the sense of working very hard with a lot of folks on behalf of the industry for
government support in the right areas. And we don't -- we have not stopped those efforts, and I do
believe as we get to a real recovery, there's opportunities to help -- get helped with real stimulus to get
people moving again. And so we continue to work day and night on those efforts as things evolve.

And obviously, we've done a whole bunch of work in the short term to provide massive amounts of relief
from standards across the board so that owners could make -- manage their way. We could all manage our
way to the other side. I mentioned it in passing but it's worth mentioning again. We call it our hotel, the
future work. We're looking in a very granular way across every one of our brands. We're not done with the
work, but we're done with a lot of the work to figure out when we get to the other side, how do we deliver
the incredible experience for the customer that continues to drive the premiums that we've had, by the
way, which are at the highest levels in our history at this moment but also do it in a way that's more cost
efficient for our ownership community.

I'm highly confident, as I said, even with the labor pressures that we are going to experience here in the
U.S. particularly, that when it's all said and done, we're going to be able to drive higher margins. So on a
like-for-like basis, if you believe, which I do that when you get out a couple of years, you're going to have
similar demand levels to '18 or '19. Even with the cost pressures, we believe that we have engineered a
way to be able to drive even greater returns.

So our owners, while it's difficult now, when we get to the other side, both their existing assets and their
opportunity set for doing new development, we think, are going to be better than what we had pre-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

pandemic because we think we're just doing a better -- we're going to do -- we are and we'll continue to
do a better job.

And so that's a long-winded way of getting to the answer, which I gave you at the beginning. So as a
result of that, I don't think there'll be a meaningful difference. I mean with some owners, there may be.
But I would say in the main, I don't think so. I think the owner community that we deal with, which is an
immensely diversified community, we have 10,000 owners around the world that we deal with. The vast
majority of them, this is their business. This is what they do, own and operate on a franchise basis, and
it's all they do. It's not the case across all 10,000 owners, but the bulk of our system, this is what people
do.

And I don't think if we can deliver for them the premiums we've delivered, which have only gone up and
do it in a way where they can get more to the bottom line, that they're going to abandon their business
model. I think they're going to want to carry on. But it takes some time, right, just being pragmatic
because this has been really difficult and which is why we worked so hard to sort of help create the
bridges, both in what we could do, what the government could do to get them to the other side. And
why I said in my -- honestly, in my earlier comments, particularly in the U.S., where why I think the new
development side, all of these pressures, and just the pressures of owners broadly is going to mean it's
going to take a little time for the new construction side of development to pick up the -- what it was pre-
pandemic.

But that will happen in my opinion. And I think the relationship will be much more similar than different
to what it was and as I said before. In the meantime, it's a big world. And we've pivoted, and we're doing
some really cool things around the world to make sure that we continue to enhance our network effect and
deliver more hotels and more fees.

Operator

The next question is from Richard Clarke with Bernstein.

Richard J. Clarke
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Just a quick question on the owned and leased portfolio. Obviously, that seems to have driven the most
volatility in the quarter. Where do your ambitions with that particular division stand? Are you looking to
transition that more rapidly towards asset-light now? And where do you think the cost savings in that
segment can land in the longer term?

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President of Global Development

Well, the cost savings -- look, it's everything across the board just like any hotel owner would be doing
in times like this. We're looking for cost savings in sort of literally every aspect of the operations. I think
our ambitions in that portfolio, we are pretty capital-light, right? So even in normal times, that ownership
was down to 7% to 8% of our overall EBITDA, something like that in 2019. And we've been saying for a
long time that if we think about our portfolio, it's about 60 hotels, primarily leases, about 20 of them were
strategic. We'll be in those leases no matter what.

Over time, they have good coverage. They're important hotels. We've got 20 at the bottom where there's
sort of legacy -- they are legacy deals that we inherited, fixed lease payments in markets that aren't
as robust. Those, we will exit no matter what, when the leases are up. And then there's about 20 that
are in the middle where when the leases roll, we sit down with the landlord. And if we can work out an
arrangement that we think makes sense for us to continue, we continue. If we don't, we get out.

And we've sort of been rolling our way out of 3 to 4 of them a year. We think it's actually probably
more like 6 to 8 of them this year that we'll transition out of, either transitioning them to management
agreements or franchise agreements or just getting out. And over time, you'll wake up a few years from
now, and it will be something like less than 5% of our overall EBITDA, and that will remain the trajectory.

Christopher J. Nassetta
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Having said that, in the next -- starting in the second half of the year and into the next couple of years,
this will accelerate our overall growth just because sadly, the ownership segment, given a lot of the fixed
rent nature of it and where it's been, which has been concentrated in U.K., Europe and Japan, which have
been impacted -- dramatically more impacted. If you look at the RevPAR numbers in those markets and
in the segment are twice as bad in the first quarter as the overall. As you get those markets open, you're
going to take those numbers, which have been terrible, will become a significant contributor to growth.

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President of Global Development

Yes, and we think that happens over the course of the second half of the year.

Operator

And the next question will come from Robin Farley with UBS.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. I had a question going back to the unit growth topic. One is, I wonder if you have thoughts about
'22 unit growth, the rate -- you mentioned U.S. new construction, obviously, would be lower, kind of
how that would compare to this year's 4.5% to 5%. And then also on that topic, the conversions in this
quarter, I think, were 20-some percent of openings. Do you see that moving higher? In other words, are
you in the early stages of a bunch of conversions that maybe will come out later this year? I know you've
talked in the past about how kind of pressures in the business can lead to a greater rate of conversion.
So wondering if that's teeing up for later this year? And then could that offset the lower new construction
growth next year?

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President of Global Development

Yes, sure, Robin. Good question. I think, look, the first -- in the first part, we've -- I think we've said
several times publicly that we think over the next several years, it will be between 4% and 5%. And sort
of the range there is meant to capture sort of all of the things we've been talking about, right, the timing
of openings, the timing of conversions, the timing of removals, the trajectory that we're seeing in new
construction. So we still think 4% to 5%, and it will be within that range for the next few years.

And then the second half on conversions, yes, we do think conversions will pick up over time. In the last
cycle, it got to something in the 40% range of overall deliveries, probably doesn't get -- and we think
we've said this publicly as well. It probably doesn't get back to that level this cycle just because the
denominator likely won't contract that dramatically. But we do think conversions will continue to be a
bigger contributor. It will be a little bit lumpy. A lot of them are larger hotels. Some of the things we're
working on now are bigger deals, either portfolio deals or larger individual hotels that sort of require a
transaction to happen for the conversion to happen. So I don't know if that happens later this year or next
year, but it definitely will pick up over time.

Operator

The next question is from Bill Crow from Raymond James.

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Looking globally, how important is outbound Chinese travel to the recovery in Europe? And are there any
comments you can make on the trends about on Chinese travel today?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Yes. I mean we've been having a lot of discussion within the industry and within China. In fact, I
participated in a meeting with the Premier Li of China just a couple of weeks ago, and this is one of the
topics that we talked about. If you look at our business, using some metrics in our business, like in the
U.S., inbound, global -- international inbounds, only about 4% of the business. If you look at our business
globally, it's about 10%. And it does weigh, obviously, more heavily inbound business in other parts of the
world, particularly in Europe, which depends on it more. So it would be higher than 10%.

A large feeder market is China. I mean, it's other parts of the world as well, but it is China. And so I think
as Europe opens up, obviously, they're going to be like the rest of the world. I think they're going to be
doing within region travel, which given all the pent-up demand, has actually, I think, been reasonably
good. Just like we're seeing in the U.S., even though we don't have much inbound travel going on, we
don't have any outbound going on. And so I think in the end, Europe's opportunity for the early stages of
recovery are robust.

For the same reason, while they're not going to have inbound from China or other markets, they're
not going to have any outbound. And Europeans like to travel, particularly in the summer like to go on
vacations. And when it's open and they can, they will and they'll stay within the confines of either their
countries or the region. So I think it's going to be fine.

Obviously, longer term, as you get to a more stabilized world, you want to open up these travel quarters.
We -- I had a meeting with the White House last week, maybe the week before, as I said, with Premier Li
of China, the week before that. And we were talking about a lot of topics, but that was a primary topic,
both with the Chinese administration and the U.S. administration on trying to figure out how do we figure
out as the world is getting vaccinated, and it's a little uneven. But as certain countries are getting heavily
vaccinated and getting to a reasonable level of herd immunity, how do we open up safe travel quarters.

Europe is doing the same thing. Those discussions are ongoing. We're trying to get those discussions
going with the U.S. They are obviously already starting to have those discussions with China. And so I
don't -- that will take some time. I think it's -- I think you will start to see some bilateral agreements or
multilateral agreements in the second half of this year. I think we're at a stage right now where everybody
is still focused on vaccination to get their herd immunity. But with the overwhelming amount of supply
of vaccines, which aren't all distributed perfectly around the world or even around our country at this
point, but the numbers are becoming overwhelming. The surpluses are going to become, as we get into
the summer, my sense is overwhelming. And we're going to be able to have a shifting of those resources
around the world to the markets most in need as we get into July -- June, July, August, September and
into the latter part of the year, that is going to allow for a reasonably -- hopefully, a reasonable trajectory
in terms of some of these economies getting to a better place.

China is obviously already in a reasonably good place. So as the U.S. sort of has a few more months than
Europe, I think there are real opportunities to start opening travel quarters. I do think it will happen that
way just based on the discussions I'm having with multiple administrations and that our teams are having.
I don't think it's going to be like one day, the world is open. Like, yay, everybody -- I think it's going to be
agreements between like the U.S. and the U.K., the EU and China, the U.S. and China, that will allow for
those quarters to open up, make sure that there's flight capacity, that the regime for vaccination, testing
and all that is sort of -- is bolted down.

So that's a long answer because it needs to be. It's complicated. I think in the second half of the year,
my hope is and belief is that you're going to start to see some of those quarters open up. We're pushing
everybody really hard. But in the meantime, I think we're fine just because if a quarter is not open, as I
said, people are restrained in leaving their country or their territory. And they're going to start traveling
when they feel safe, and you're going to keep all that pent-up demand in your local market.

Operator

The next question is from Patrick Scholes with Truist.

Charles Patrick Scholes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

One of the hot issues of the moment in the -- at the property level is with staffing and wages. I'm
wondering your thoughts on this. Do you see that as a temporary issue that hotels can perhaps get by this
summer without having to raise wages to attract employees? Or do you see wage inflation inevitable to
meet the staffing challenges?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's a difficult issue as I'm sure if you're talking to the ownership community, you're hearing. And
listen, we talk to them every day, and we operate a lot of properties. It is singularly, at the moment,
I wouldn't say the only issue when you're in a global pandemic. There's lots of issues, but it's one of
the most important issues because it is very difficult, particularly here in the U.S. to get labor, and it is
constraining recovery at certain times because you just can't get -- you can't get enough people to service
the properties.

I do think in the short term, I've already said it, and it's implied in earlier questions, there's going to be
wage pressure, wage inflation. I do think it will stabilize and then work itself out as we get later into the
year. It's a complex issue that is at the intersection of people being concerned about their health still,
particularly in some of the communities that we need to get focused back -- in coming back to work. And
that's going to take some time, both vaccination and marketing to a number of those communities, to get
vaccinated and getting it done and getting them to a place where they feel safe being in a workplace. So
that's part of it.

And then the other part of it is getting kids back in school because a lot of people in the workforce are
taking care of kids. They don't -- there's no day care, the school becomes daycare. And the federal
government, for all the right reasons, way back when did a top-up of unemployment insurance and on top
of the state unemployment insurance and obviously sent out $1,400 checks. And they did all these things
to support people who are in harm's way, all of which made sense at the time. Maybe some of it makes
a little bit less sense now in the sense that the demand is there and the jobs are there, yet people don't
have as much of a need to come back to it.

So -- but that, in theory, on September, whatever, 6th, the federal top-up expires. I guess, it could be
extended. My impression is it will not be. My hope is it will not be, not because I don't care about the
people. I think there's just enough jobs. We literally -- I think, there are 3 million of our, not Hilton, but
industry folks still out of work. I think by the time you get to September, October, I think the vast majority
of those could easily be reemployed given what I think demand will be in the business. And that's best for
everybody, right? It's best for the country. It's best for the individual team members to -- but it's -- that's
the convergence of all of that. So I think it's going to be tough. I've been talking to tons of owners.

I think it will be tough between now and September. I think when we -- by the time you get to September,
mass vaccination will hopefully be behind us. Kids will be back in school, and people will feel safe -- that
it's safe to go back, and they want to get back and be earning a paycheck. And so I think it will then
stabilize as we get into the latter part of the year.

Charles Patrick Scholes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Thank you, Chris. Certainly a complex and evolving issue.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Trust me, we're spending a lot of -- there's no silver bullet in the short term. We spend a lot of time
on it. I think this is one of those you just have to sort of -- you just have to work through it. It will work
out because all of those things are going to be changing. And so the conditions are going to change pretty
materially as we get to the fall. But between here and there, it's going to be incremental. Then, I think it
will be a sea change in the fall.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call
back to Chris Nassetta for any additional or closing remarks.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Chad, thank you, and to everybody that joined us today, we appreciate the time. As always, it's hard to
say we're really pleased with where things are, given what we've been through over this last year and that
we're still in the middle or towards, hopefully, the end of the pandemic, but we are pleased. I've always
had confidence in the business model of ours. I've always had confidence in people's desire to travel for
all the reasons they have always wanted to travel. I think the evidence is pretty clear. One, I think the
decisions that we made as a result of the crisis have made our business stronger. It will -- we're driving
higher market shares, higher margins on a lower cost structure. And then as we see the telltale signs
of getting past the health crisis, we're starting to see the world come back to life. And all the reasons I
thought people wanted to travel are, I think, playing out the way I and we had hoped for. We have ways
to go. So I don't want to be a Pollyanna about it, but we feel good about where we are and definitely
incrementally better than we did over the last couple of quarters.

So thanks again, and we'll look forward to reporting back after we finish our second quarter.

Operator
Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

