Hologic, Inc. NasdaqGS:HOLX
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 04, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.19

2.07

73.95

1.17

3.12

3.98

27.56

4.21

1107.68

1347.00

21.61

1104.21

3537.27

3776.40

6.76

4178.10

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2020 2:05 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.61

0.57

0.38

1.19

0.61

0.57

0.75

2.07

0.00 %

0.00 %

97.37 %

73.95 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate
Communications

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Chris Lin;Cowen and
Company, LLC, Research
Division;Research Analyst

Daniel Louis Leonard
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Rajbir Singh Denhoy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Hologic's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference
Call. My name is Christie, and I'm your operator for today's call. Today's conference call is being recorded.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Mike Watts, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate
Communications, to begin the call.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Christie. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us for Hologic's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020
Earnings Call. With me today is Steve MacMillan, the company's Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer. Karleen Oberton, our Chief Financial Officer, had an accident last week that required surgery, so
she is not joining us today. She's resting at home and doing well, but I'll be covering for her in our call
today. Please join me in wishing Karleen a speedy recovery.

Our fourth quarter press release is available now on the Investors section of our website. We also will
post our prepared remarks to our website shortly after we deliver them. Finally, a replay of this call will be
archived through November 27.

Before we begin, I'd like to inform you that certain statements we make during this call will be forward-
looking. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those referenced in the
safe harbor statement that's in our earnings release and in our filings with the SEC.

Also during this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP
can be found in our earnings release. One of these non-GAAP measures is organic revenue. We define
organic revenue as constant currency revenue less the divested Blood Screening and Cynosure businesses
as well as the acquired SuperSonic Imagine and Acessa businesses. Finally, any percentage changes
that we discuss will be on a year-over-year basis and revenue growth rates will be expressed in constant
currency unless otherwise noted.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic's CEO.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased to discuss our financial results for the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. We capped off a truly unprecedented fiscal year, a year in which we made an
enormous impact on public health with remarkable performance on both the top and bottom lines. Since
we're marking the end of fiscal 2020, we'll reflect on the full year today. We also want to remind everyone
of the steps we took in previous years that enabled us to post such terrific performance and discuss how
our current successes will make us an even stronger company going forward.

Before we do that, let's provide a quick overview of our financial results for the fourth quarter. Total
revenue was $1.347 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.07. Revenue grew 70.9% organically
and EPS more than tripled as higher production volumes in Diagnostics enabled us to leverage our
fixed cost base. Both revenue and EPS came in well ahead of our expectations at the beginning of the
quarter, as well as the updated guidance we provided in September. The outperformance was driven by
unprecedented global demand for our COVID tests on the Panther system and the continued recovery of
our other product lines.

How did we achieve these results? 5 strategies that we pursued before 2020 put us in a position to seize
the opportunities that COVID presented as well as mitigate the risks. While we certainly did not predict the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

COVID pandemic, we did put in place people, processes and capabilities that enabled us to adapt quickly,
make a massive contribution to human health and drive value for customers, employees and shareholders.

First, over the last few years, we spent a significant amount of time defining our purpose, passion and
promise. As a reminder, our purpose is to enable healthier lives everywhere, every day. Our passion is to
become global champions of women's health. And our promise is the science of sure, which is all about
providing clinically differentiated, high-performance products that customers and patients can rely on.
These principles have inspired our team's incredible efforts over the last several months, especially our
many frontline employees who have shown up to work every day since the pandemic began. When the
world needs us most, our team rises to the occasion.

Second, in Diagnostics, we fueled our Razor/Razorblade business model by placing hundreds of Panthers
and strengthening our assay development capabilities to add more tests to our menu. At the end of 2014,
we had about 600 Panthers installed worldwide. Over the next 5 years, we tripled that installed base to
more than 1,700 at the end of 2019. Similarly, in 2014, we had a grand total of 4 assays approved on the
Panther in the United States. But by the end of 2019, we had quadrupled that with 16 tests cleared. As a
result, our Molecular Diagnostics business was thriving even before COVID, with growth of 11% globally
last year. Clearly, we were well poised to make a difference when COVID emerged.

Third, in Breast Health, we diversified our business under the leadership of Pete Valenti. We recently
announced that Pete will be retiring in December, and we want to thank him for more than 6 great years
of service. Pete was the first division president I hired at Hologic and he was the mastermind behind
our genius 3D mammography strategy. Pete leveraged our leadership position into a more diverse,
consistent business that tracks the clinical continuum for breast health care. We acquired Faxitron, Focal
and SuperSonic Imagine, grew our service business to be even bigger than our capital franchise and
developed innovative new products such as Brevera and artificial intelligence tools. As a result, our Breast
Health division has been more insulated during the pandemic than many other businesses that are highly
dependent on capital.

Fourth, in Surgical, we brought in a new leadership team that quickly transformed the commercial
organization with their focus on talent and engagement. This began with Sean Doherty, who was recently
promoted to Group President, overseeing Surgical as well as Breast Health. Sean's team also revitalized
the division's R&D pipeline, bringing to market new products, including Fluent and the Omni hysteroscope.
As a result, surgical was growing strongly pre-COVID and is recovering faster than expected now.

Fifth, in International, we hired experienced senior leaders who pursued an ambitious goal to double
revenue over 5 years. In Europe, especially, we moved away from the distributors and strengthened our
direct commercial capabilities under the leadership of Jan Verstreken, who was recently promoted to
Group President for all our international franchises. Our international business grew 11% on average from
2016 to 2019. And when the pandemic hit, we were in an excellent position to contribute with our testing
solutions.

Now let's spend a few minutes on the highlights of fiscal 2020. What a year it was, with organic revenue
growth of 22% for the year and highly leveraged non-GAAP EPS growth of 64%. In COVID time, when
days feel like weeks and weeks feel like months, it's hard to believe that we sold our Cynosure Medical
Aesthetics business early in fiscal 2020. The divestiture removed a drag on our growth and profitability
as well as an overhang on our stock. And behind the scenes, it helped us refocus on our core businesses,
especially overseas, which was critical when the pandemic hit.

With the divestiture complete, we started 2020 in good shape. For the first time, all our major divisions
and geographies were performing well. Organic growth had been steadily increasing from a trough of
about 2% in early 2018 to a solid mid-single-digit rate in early 2020. Then COVID-19 changed everything.

In the early days of the pandemic, we moved quickly to preserve cash and brace ourselves against the
global macroeconomic shock. At the same time, our Diagnostics R&D team triggered what has become
an incredible division-wide response, one that exemplifies our purpose, passion and promise. Working
around the clock, they developed our first COVID test for the Panther Fusion system in about 2 months.
And as soon as our Fusion assay received its emergency use authorization, we began working on a second

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

test, an Aptima assay for our base Panther system that could run on more instruments and be produced in
much larger quantities.

Early on, in response to the massive public health need, we set a goal to double our overall molecular
diagnostics production capacity from about 20 million to 40 million tests a quarter. A capacity expansion of
this magnitude would normally happen over 8 to 10 years, but we set out to make it happen in 6 months.

As you can probably tell from our financial results this quarter, we have already exceeded this goal
in terms of both size and speed. In the fourth quarter alone, we produced more than 50 million total
molecular diagnostics tests. This included about 25 million COVID tests that we provided to customers, an
average of roughly 2 million per week. This means that we sold more COVID tests this quarter than we
had ever produced of all of our molecular tests in a quarter.

While our efforts to increase production volumes have gotten a lot of attention, and deservedly so, we
also want to highlight 2 areas that may be somewhat underappreciated. First is the impact we're making
internationally. And second is the long-term durability of the COVID revenue opportunity.

We're particularly proud of the role we're playing globally, especially in Europe. Whoops. I missed a page,
sorry. Early on, in response to the mass -- no, I didn't. Forget it. There we go.

We're particularly proud of the role we're playing, especially in Europe. If COVID would have hit 5 years
ago, our ability to make an impact would have been minimal as we just didn't have the installed base,
relationships or commercial capabilities. But now under Jan's leadership, we are on track to generate more
than $1 billion in total European revenue this year.

As a major driver of this, the $500 million in committed COVID revenue that started in the fourth quarter
is now expected to be over $600 million and extend throughout fiscal 2021. The extension of these
contracts reinforces that demand for highly accurate molecular COVID testing is going to remain robust for
a while. Infection rates are on the rise, not just in the United States, but globally. And it will take time to
manufacture and roll out vaccines broadly, even if they are proven highly protective. Effective vaccines will
eventually slow testing demand. But even then, we believe that COVID testing will remain a large market,
probably bigger than any other molecular category for years to come.

Molecular tests have been the gold standard for infectious disease testing for decades, and for good
reason. They are more accurate than other testing modalities. And this is especially important when
lives and livelihood are at stake. And with our combination of robust chemistry, innovative engineering
on Panther and differentiated labeling from FDA, we believe we are the gold standard among molecular
tests. The data the FDA recently published, which compared the analytical sensitivity of more than 50
emergency use authorization assays, speaks to this point and underpins the asymptomatic screening
claims that we received for our COVID assays this quarter. Sensitivity is especially important when
testing people without symptoms, when false negative results could provide a false sense of security and
contribute to super spreader events.

So as we look forward, what will these accomplishments mean for our future? 2020 was a year in which
we significantly strengthened the company for the years ahead. Let me give you some examples.

First, we shipped 511 new Panther systems this year, well more than double our run rate over the last
5 years. This increased our global installed base to about 2,250, up almost 30% in just 12 months. We
helped our manufacturing partner more than double production and refurbish scores of instruments from
our own and other labs. And we still have a waiting list for Panthers. We expect to have another very good
year of placements in 2021, which reflects the longevity of COVID testing that our customers anticipate.

The combination of our huge Panther installed base at facilities close to the patient, plus our assay
sensitivity, have us uniquely positioned to pursue opportunities that will be around for the long term,
such as testing before hospital admissions and asymptomatic screening. This is one reason we are
moving ahead with further capacity expansion that will include our main plant in San Diego, our facility in
Manchester, England, and several of our key suppliers of related consumables.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Our goal is to produce at least 75 million total molecular diagnostic tests a quarter, starting roughly a
year from now, which would represent more than 3.5x our total capacity pre-COVID. These efforts will
be reimbursed in part by the $119 million U.S. government contract that we announced last week, which
supports increased COVID production capacity for the domestic market. Clearly, the government also
believes that COVID testing is going to persist and that we are making a meaningful difference against the
pandemic.

Second, the benefits of the new Panther placements will extend far beyond COVID. As we said in our
last call, we are targeting Panther placements to customers who want to run our other tests when the
pandemic is over. As a result, we are signing up record levels of new business, what we call TORs or tests
of record.

To be more specific, in fiscal 2020, we signed up non-COVID TORs worth $35 million annually in the
United States. This is almost 50% more new business than we had ever done in a single year and helps
explain why our non-COVID molecular sales increased slightly in the fourth quarter. In addition, we have
another $35 million of non-COVID TORs waiting to go live as soon as we have product available and
capacity on Panthers. The biggest contributor to these TORs has been the new Aptima vaginosis tests,
which reinforces our long-term enthusiasm for these products. Overall, there is no question that additional
Panther placements will make our molecular business markedly stronger over the next several years.

Third, our contributions to fight the pandemic internationally has significantly elevated our market
positioning, especially in major European countries, including the United Kingdom, Germany and France.
We are already seeing the benefits in terms of market access for other products as we compete for
tenders.

Finally, the strong cash flow that our COVID test is generating is enabling us to further strengthen our
balance sheet and accelerate certain growth investments, as Mike will discuss. In addition, we are going
on offense in 2 ways. First, we are stepping up our business development activities. In August, for
example, we spent approximately $80 million plus future contingent earn-outs to buy Acessa Health.
Acessa markets a laparoscopic RF product that is used to treat fibroids that MyoSure can't reach. So it's
very complementary to our Surgical business and a nice fit for our sales force. Across our divisions, we
have a full funnel of other acquisition targets today and would be surprised if we didn't complete at least
another deal or 2 in fiscal 2021.

Second, we resumed our share repurchase program, buying back about 1.7 million shares of stock for
roughly $100 million in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we repurchased 13 million shares for $654
million, reflecting our confidence in our future.

Before turning the call over to Mike, let me conclude by reiterating how proud we are of the Hologic
employees who stared adversity in the face during 2020 and made remarkable contributions to the battle
against COVID-19. Not only did our team make a huge difference on public health, we positioned Hologic
for greater success in the future. Now we'll turn the call over to Mike.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I'm going to provide an overview
of our divisional sales results, walk through our income statement, briefly touch on a few other key
financial metrics and finish with our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2021.

As Steve said, we're thrilled with our fourth quarter results as revenue and EPS significantly exceeded
our guidance. Reported revenue of $1.347 billion increased 54%, if you include the divested Cynosure
business in the base. Organically, revenue grew 71%, driven by strong sales of our 2 COVID test. Below
revenue, the tireless efforts of our operations and supply chain teams to ramp up production of COVID
assays boosted our margins, profitability and cash flow as we leveraged unprecedented molecular
diagnostic production volumes against our fixed cost base. As a result, EPS of $2.07 in the fourth quarter
increased 218%, well ahead of our expectations. And cash flow was extremely strong as well, which I'll
discuss in a moment. But before I do that, let me provide some detail on our divisional revenue results.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Diagnostics, our largest division, more than tripled in the fourth quarter driven by Molecular, where sales
increased 371%. As Steve mentioned, in response to the unprecedented need for COVID testing, we
shipped about 25 million COVID tests to customers in the quarter, generating revenue of $601 million.
It's important to note that even if you exclude COVID-19 testing as well as COVID-related ancillaries and
equipment, our base molecular business increased in the mid-single-digit range. This speaks to the clinical
importance of our assays as well as the bright future we see in Molecular, as new products contribute more
and more. Rounding out our Diagnostics division, the Cytology & Perinatal businesses declined but trends
improved compared to the third quarter.

In Breast Health, divisional performance improved a little faster than we expected. Global sales of $289.2
million decreased 16.2%. Excluding $6.2 million of sales from SuperSonic Imagine, sales decreased 18%
organically. Demand for many of our capital products was obviously depressed by COVID-19, but as Steve
discussed, the increasing diversity of our business cushioned the overall decline as consumables and
service essentially return to their pre-COVID levels. For example, our interventional business was basically
flat, helped by the relaunch of our Brevera Biopsy System late in the quarter, and service revenue, which
was larger than capital sales, grew slightly.

In Surgical, sales of $100.2 million decreased 12.9%, also better than our internal forecast. Demand
for semi-elective procedures continues to be negatively impacted by COVID-19, but trends definitely
improved compared to the third quarter, and our customers are reporting a steady increase of new
patients, which bodes well for continued recovery. Overall, in terms of geography, domestic sales of
$994.9 million increased 52% on a reported basis as strong sales of COVID test more than offset the
impact of the Cynosure divestiture and reductions across our other product lines. On an organic basis,
U.S. revenue was up 64%. Outside the United States, sales of $352.1 million roughly doubled on a
reported basis and grew 95% organically, driven by excellent performance in Europe.

Now let's move on to the rest of the P&L for the fourth quarter. Gross margin of 74.2% increased
1,250 basis points, driven by sales of high-margin COVID tests and the divestiture of the lower margin
Cynosure business. As a further benefit of the Cynosure sale, total operating expenses of $276.6 million
decreased 1% in the fourth quarter, despite growth in core Hologic R&D, the addition of SSI expenses
and opportunistic investments we made to bolster future growth. Some examples include marketing
campaigns to improve health care equality for underserved communities and to emphasize the importance
of preventive screening during the pandemic. We also outsourced some diagnostics R&D work to third
parties and accelerated product registration efforts in clinical trials in some of our other international
regions. Finally, we had higher compensation expense as accruals for incentive compensation, especially in
Diagnostics, increased in line with our financial results.

Putting all this together, operating margin increased 2,430 basis points to 53.7%, and net margin
increased 2,020 basis points to 40.4%, both record highs. As a result, non-GAAP net income finished at
$543.7 million and non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.07, well ahead of plan.

Before we cover our 2021 first quarter guidance, I'll quickly touch on a few other financial metrics. Driven
by demand for our COVID test, cash flow from operations was $442 million in the fourth quarter, a very
strong result. For the full year, cash flow from ops was almost $900 million. And even with significant
capital spending in Diagnostics to support increased COVID production, free cash flow was $740 million in
fiscal 2020.

This strong cash flow gives us tremendous financial and strategic flexibility and enabled us to further
strengthen our balance sheet in 2 ways. First, we repaid $250 million that we had borrowed on our
revolver as a precautionary measure early in the third quarter. Second, we refinanced $950 million of
senior unsecured notes, lowering our interest rate from 4.375% to 3.25%, which we believe is the lowest
ever for a high-yield corporate -- high-yield health care bond, excuse me. And we also pushed out the
maturity 4 years to 2029.

Overall, we had $701 million of cash at the end of the fourth quarter, and with more than $1.5 billion
of EBITDA over the last 12 months, our leverage ratio fell to 1.5. We do expect both EBITDA and free
cash flow to grow significantly in fiscal 2021, but as Steve said, we are actively pursuing a number of
acquisitions across our divisions to accelerate growth and hope to use our cash flow to complete a couple

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

of deals this year. Finally, ROIC was 18.5% on a trailing 12-month basis, a significant increase of 550 basis
points.

Before we open the call up for questions, let me discuss our expectations for the first quarter of fiscal
2021. We anticipate that fiscal 2021 will be an excellent year for Hologic overall, but our business
environment remains very fluid due to the pandemic. Therefore, we are only providing a single quarter of
guidance today.

In the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we expect excellent financial results again, even a little better than
last quarter despite the slowdown we usually see around the holidays. We forecast total revenue in the
range of $1.35 billion to $1.425 billion. This represents organic revenue growth of roughly 71% to 81%.
Including Cynosure in the prior year period, our guidance corresponds to reported growth of 59% to 68%
and constant currency growth of 57% to 65%.

On the bottom line, we expect EPS of $2.10 to $2.25 in the first quarter. This implies unprecedented
growth rates of between 244% and 269%, significantly outpacing revenue. This first quarter guidance
is based on a tax rate of 22.75% and diluted shares outstanding of approximately 263 million for the
quarter.

Now let's turn to our divisional expectations. We forecast that Diagnostics revenue in the first quarter
could triple or more compared to the prior year period. Underpinning this, we expect that demand for
our 2 COVID assays will continue to exceed supply this quarter. As Steve said, we are further expanding
production capacity for our molecular test, but most of this capacity will come online later in 2021. Based
on this timing, we forecast COVID assay sales to increase slightly in the first quarter compared to the
fourth, commensurate with a small sequential increase in production. We also expect that our combination
test for COVID and flu, which we submitted for an EUA last week, will be available later this quarter.

We anticipate sales in both Breast and Skeletal Health and Surgical to be down again in the first quarter,
although with slightly better percentage declines than in the fourth quarter. In Breast and Skeletal Health,
let me remind you that first quarter sales often decline sequentially in absolute dollars compared to the
fourth quarter due to seasonality around the holidays. And in Surgical, we believe our customers are much
better prepared than they were in the spring to manage through local increases in COVID prevalence. So
while we do expect trends to continue improving, we will keep a close eye on whether increasing COVID
cases have a negative effect on elective procedures.

As you update your forecast, let me remind you that macro uncertainty remains higher than normal due to
the pandemic. While our visibility has improved compared to several months ago, we would still encourage
you to model at the middle of our ranges, which incorporate both potential upsides and downsides.

Before we open the call for questions, let me wrap up by saying that Hologic's financial performance in the
fourth quarter was tremendous. I have no doubt that our efforts this year have significantly strengthened
the company for the long term. We continue to make a huge impact on human health globally and have
positioned ourselves to deliver an exceptional fiscal 2021 as we continue to battle a virus that isn't going
away anytime soon.
With that, I will ask the operator to open the call up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we
are ready for the first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] First, we'll go to Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Steve, congrats on this [ obvious strength ] here, and good to be back on the call here. I guess maybe
on the -- I guess, the comments you made on M&A, Steve. If I just step back, there's $1 billion of COVID
revenues we weren't expecting a year ago. It's likely to be at least at 1.5 plus of incremental revenues
coming in over the next 12 months. And these revenues are dropping down at pretty high margins, 65%,
70%. That's a lot of free cash. When you think about redeploying those -- the proceeds, I think you
mentioned 1 or 2 deals in the near term. Could you maybe talk about perhaps the focus, what areas are
you looking at? Are these going to be growth-focused acquisitions, perhaps on the size of the transaction?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, Vijay. I think what's great is we've really gotten back to our division-led business development
strategy. So we've got each division out there. That way, they know the adjacencies, the ability to
bridge out. I would say, if you go forward, we're clearly looking at some ways to broaden our diagnostics
platform, both product-wise as well as geographically. So that team has been very active on the business
development front in addition, obviously, to all the production capability and everything else. But we're
looking across the board. Surgical continues to look at some additional things, and Breast Health is looking
at some things as well. But I think Diagnostics is probably more likely to be where we see it.

I do think -- we've kind of set up the rough principle of staying within the constraints of our annual cash
flow. And I think that continues to be exactly what we're thinking about. We're looking at some things that
might be a little bit bigger than we were looking at pre-COVID, but nothing beyond -- certainly beyond the
annual cash flow or anything like that.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Understood. And then, Mike, maybe one on, I guess, the label expansion here to asymptomatic. Is this
now an indication perhaps, given the asymptomatic label, that we could see testing strength to stand
beyond the next 6 months? As you look at back half of next fiscal, perhaps once we have a vaccine, could
you maybe just address what happens to testing post vaccines and perhaps the durability of testing in the
context of your asymptomatic labeling?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Vijay, I'm glad you picked up on that, which is we believe this asymptomatic approval is an enormous win
for us over the long haul. And let's face it, with what the world has gone through here, even post vaccine,
there is going to be probably some pretty strong ongoing needs by governments around the world to
want to monitor their health -- their populations, and just track on an ongoing basis, just to see relative
incidence or any kind of recurrences. And frankly, it's the asymptomatic people who are the key there. And
that's the on-label indication.

It's hard for us to probably fully underscore how strong we think the demand will be for that for years to
come. And you still play out the timing of vaccines. By the way, let alone mutations and other things, we
believe, and we've been in close contacts with most of the major governments around the world. All of
the key labs, the health experts, we believe an ongoing screening program where you're going to want
to use the most sensitive tools out there, including, frankly, hospitals are going to want to continue to
test patients coming in. What is the best way? Everybody's going to go in for a hip, a knee, a cardiac, any

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

other procedure, we think at least for the next couple of years is probably going to be tested. And again,
with our global installed base now in excess of 2,200 and continuing to grow on Panthers, we think this is
going to be a big, big enduring market for us.

Is it going to be exactly what it is today? Likely not. But there's -- we believe, and we've made the bet
that there's a longer tail. If you look, by the way, just one other data point, the contract we got from the
U.S. government last week, if you look at it, they're asking for us to be providing 13 million tests per
quarter by -- yes, per month, really 6 quarters now, by the first quarter of 2022. So again, governments
are increasingly planning to want to have major capacity well beyond even just this coming cold and flu
season.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'll start with one for Mike. And Mike, nice job wearing the CFO hat, hope all is well with Karleen. But I
want to ask on operating margins, the 24, 30 basis points of margin expansion. The real question is, how
sustainable is that? And if we do the run rate on the EPS guide for the year, that gets you to kind of $9 at
the high end, is that the right way to think about it? Or is there some reinvestment that we need to think
about over the course of the year?

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Yes. Sure, Tycho. So operating margins, obviously, were very strong in the quarter based on the COVID
revenue and just higher revenue overall. We did guide for revenue to be a little bit higher sequentially in
Q1 versus Q4. Margins, gross and operating should be about the same, maybe a little bit better based
on the higher revenue. So we should be looking at another strong quarter of EPS in Q1. I think that
corresponds to the guidance we gave at the bottom line, which was a little bit ahead. I think we guided
$2.10 to $2.25 for EPS. So that should all be pretty consistent.

Certainly, I would be cautious about kind of taking that level and just annualizing it. I think that, as
Steve said, we feel very strongly that we're going to get very healthy demand at least through the March
quarter, right, as flu kind of hopefully goes away around that time. I think from that point forward, you're
likely to see overall COVID revenues start to decline on a sequential basis, but I think it's going to be
pretty gradual. Steve talked about some of the drivers of long-term demand. So I think that maybe we
peak in our March quarter, maybe we peak in the June quarter, but things will likely decline on a sequential
basis from there, and that will have an effect on EPS as well.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then for Steve, a couple of quick hits on the testing side. You've been pretty
negative on the pooling front. I'm just curious if you think as we head into next year, pooling starts to
pick up. And then on the government contract, is that a one-off in your view? Or could there be other kind
of chunky government contracts like that to support scale up? And then lastly, I'm just wondering if you
could comment on the non-COVID testing volumes, up mid-single digit, was certainly better than we've
been expecting. So I'm curious about the sustainability of that.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

I think Tycho just set a world record for the one follow-up that was 3 or 4, so let me make sure I try to
get all of those, Tycho. On the pooling, we think eventually, that will start to kick in. And again, if you look
at the way we're poised and because of the extreme sensitivity of our test, we feel like we're poised no
matter where this goes. And by being able to offer to customers, if it ends up going into a pooling world,
we are there for them. And certainly, years in the future, we wouldn't be at all surprised if there's still

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

some level of ongoing testing that probably would use pooling certainly more. I don't -- we don't see much
interest, frankly. And given the still, the very high incidences, don't see that being as much right now.
What were the other parts of the...

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Government contract, is that a one-off? Or could there be other...

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thank you. On the government contract side, I think this largely covers the bulk of the expansion that
we had both planned and then did encourage us to even go that much higher on where we're going, to
we're getting to that $75 million a quarter number.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

And I think, Tycho, the last question was related to diagnostics volumes, non-COVID. And I think there, we
were encouraged in the quarter by growth in the base. HPV had a good quarter. Trichomonas had a good
quarter. Continue to get good traction with our HIV viral load product, particularly in Africa. Doing a good
job there. And I think we called out in our script, a lot of good interest around our vaginosis panel, which
is BV, CV/TV, which is contributing to the growth as well. So it was nice to see -- even if you back out all
the COVID stuff, which obviously was huge, the underlying business grow as well in the quarter.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Patrick Donnelly from Citi.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. Steve, maybe one for you just -- maybe just one on the capacity side. Certainly appreciate it's
going to take some time to expand that. Can you just talk through, I guess, the key hurdles you need
to get through for that? And any potential for a larger increase, even this quarter? I mean similar last
quarter, I know you said you had some things had to break through to get the capacity going in fiscal 4Q.
You did that. Maybe just talk through how this trends over the next couple of quarters and any potential
again to pull that capacity expansion forward on the COVID side.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think -- the way to probably think about capacity is, is it's not a steady linear. It comes as pieces
of equipment and suppliers can come in. So we were able to get a few -- we had a bunch of stuff ordered
early in the year. A number of that came through. Now it's sort of making the investments for the
future, Patrick, that, for example, this quarter, next quarter, not much additional capacity coming online,
including things like multi-tube units and pipette tips and all the ancillary consumables where we are
giving additional investment to our suppliers, to put in new machines, but they've got to now order those
machines. We're sort of in the next wave of placing the orders where they won't be coming online for
another 6 or 9 months-ish. And therefore, it's much more incremental here in the immediate quarters, but
we are continuing to position ourselves for further out. Hopefully, that helps. But it kind of goes up in sort
of straight line. It's more of a stair step, I guess, than a linear progression.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Yes. Makes sense. And then maybe one on Breast Health. Certainly held up better-than-anticipated on
our end. Can you just talk through the key pieces of performance there? And then the outlook heading

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

into even calendar '21, you always seem to have a pretty good handle on hospital CapEx and spending
outlook. Maybe just your two cents there would be great.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think the great part, when you think about our Breast Health business today is we probably think
about it as 3 chunks. You've got the capital of the core mammography. We've got the service piece,
which has become so much bigger. And then a much bigger disposable business that Pete and the team
really have built out. So it's -- instead of a one-legged pony of gantries. And then it's also much more
international.

So if I play it out overall, service is holding up pretty well. The disposable businesses, including the
Brevera launch now looking good. And frankly, a lot of the European countries didn't dip down quite as
much initially. We don't have as much service business over there, but we've got those businesses. So
then you come back to the core capital piece. And I think our teams, particularly in the U.S., are feeling
fairly encouraged and even frankly, around the world, we're getting -- even into some new countries,
we've had -- reach out to us recently. I mean -- so I'll go there and then come back.

The fascinating part is, the more we're having discussions about COVID revenue with a lot of countries
around the world, they're becoming much more aware of Hologic overall. And so we've actually been
selling some gantries into some countries. So it's going to help the Breast Health business over time, this
and that.

Back to the piece in the U.S., I think our teams are cautiously optimistic that they feel like they're
back having good discussions. Our order patterns are getting a little healthier. And so I think we're still
suggesting we'll be down a bit this quarter, but probably down less this quarter than we were just in the,
call it, 16%-ish down this past quarter.

So I think overall, and as we look to '21, we're probably anticipating each quarter just gets gradually
better, as hospitals and particularly the focus on women's health. It's not lost on us, by the way, and
we're kind of encouraged that the new Senate and House will have more women than they've ever had.
And what's been fascinating through the course of this year too, we've got to know a lot more of the
governors, Kevin Thornal's on a first-name basis with probably half the governors in this country and
everybody else. So we've got relationships that will continue to, I think, help us, even on women's health
issues and wanting to make sure people are getting back to mammography screenings and cervical cancer
screenings.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Dan Leonard from Wells Fargo.

Daniel Louis Leonard
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So on Molecular, given that capacity now seems pretty static at that 50 million test level, how are you
managing the trade-offs between serving COVID demand and your core molecular demand now that that's
coming back? And what are you assuming in your Q4 guide -- or Q1 guide, sorry, [ December quarter ].

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Our fiscal year always kind of gets a little screwy there. Dan, we are doing everything we can to make
sure that we do produce all of our women's health -- all of our core assays. There were a couple of weeks
here or there where just components, because it's a shared supply chain, that we ran into a couple of
back orders on certain products. But overall right now, our guiding philosophy for all of this is, we take
care of our core business and then we add COVID on top. So I think we feel pretty good with the 50-ish
million that we're at right now, that we can deliver. Certainly, if you figure, we were in the 20 million to 21
million a quarter of non-COVID stuff back 2 or 3 quarters ago, we can handle some growth on that core

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

and then still have that 25-ish million of COVID volume to do. So I think we're assuming this quarter is
just marginally above what we did this last quarter on Molecular.

Daniel Louis Leonard
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then just secondly on the share repo. It seems like you were pretty opportunistic on the
repo in the fourth quarter. How are you thinking about it in the first quarter and beyond? I mean if you
expect there could be continued market volatility, do you take a more opportunistic approach towards
repurchasing shares or more methodical?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Great one, Dan. I -- we have the ongoing debate about being more methodical versus opportunistic,
and we probably end up a little bit in between. I think with the cash we're going to be generating, our
first priority is still going to be judicious acquisitions. But I think with the cash we're generating and as we
continue to look at our own stock, having confidence that acquiring a company that we know a lot about,
i.e., ourselves, is also not a bad deal. So it will probably be a bit of both methodical and opportunistic
going forward.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Chris Lin from Cowen.

Chris Lin;Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division;Research Analyst

I hope Karleen is doing well.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

She's listening in. She's going to be sending us a grade, probably, telling us not to mess it up.

Chris Lin;Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division;Research Analyst

Well, I think Mike is filling in pretty well. Anyway, can you just -- can you talk about how many Panthers
do you expect to ship in 2021? Is it possible for you to ship another 500 or so? Or should we think about a
figure that's south of this level, but north of a typical 200 to 250 run rate?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Chris, you have just answered your own question. I think probably somewhere between the typical 250
and the 500. I don't know that we'd get full 500, just given that was a massive influx of orders, but
I think it will be well north of the 250. So not totally sure, but I'd probably feel comfortable splitting
the difference. At this point, probably in that north of a 350-ish number, probably, call it, 350 to 400 is
probably a reasonable place to be. And I would say if demand continues to persist, then it might be able
to go a little bit north of that. But even with where we are, if we do another 350 to 400 this year, that will
have been almost a 50% increase in 2 years of our entire global installed base. And I do think that's the
big part that is not fully appreciated.

Chris Lin;Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division;Research Analyst

Understood. And for a somewhat -- well, unrelated follow-up, can I just go back to your prior question
on M&A? So Diagnostics is clearly your -- one of your strongest franchises, and you have an extensive
foothold in many laboratories with Panther systems. So I was hoping you could elaborate a bit more on
why there isn't too much M&A focus in this segment.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

I think as we see -- we've got a great commercial presence certainly in labs and in the hospitals around
the world. So I think, obviously, continuing to add menu and continue to add Panthers is great. But the --
ultimately, I think what we're starting to look at is, hey, look, we can build a stronger diagnostics platform
that may have some other technologies. And I don't want to get much more specific because that could
lead to speculation or specifics.

But I think with Kevin Thornal, who has a nice business development background from his Stryker days,
now leading the Diagnostics division, and it's been amazing what he has done, obviously, just from an
operational standpoint, what you wouldn't see is he's also been very busy on the business development
front as well. And we've actually walked away from some deals based on valuation even over the last few
months since he's been here. So he's completely changed the flow of ideas that's coming forth to us. And
therefore, I think we'll probably make some things happen, but we're going to remain disciplined. We're
not going to get silly just because we have more money flowing in.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Jack Meehan from Nephron Research.

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

So Steve, it would be great, maybe just to start to get your thoughts on combo COVID and flu testing. Do
you think the market could shift meaningfully as we had in -- further in the flu season from COVID only?
And what would be the implications for Hologic from a financial perspective?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. We're continuing to be in very close touch with our customers and everything else. And obviously,
we expect to be launching in this quarter the combo test. I think the much bigger concern right now
continues to be COVID itself. And when you look certainly at the Southern Hemisphere, where there's
been very little flu season, if you think about all the mitigation measures in the U.S. of social distancing
and mask-wearing and everything else, I think there are a lot of experts that will think we may have a
very mild flu season. And the most important thing, frankly, right now, the bigger concern continues to be
flu -- I'm sorry, continues to be COVID. But I think we'll see bits above. And we're basically preparing in
our supply chain to be able to toggle as to whichever our customers will want. But there's -- it's funny, as
we've just been out caucusing them, there's still been a relentless focus really on just the COVID assay at
this point in time.

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

Great. And can you just talk a little bit more around how pricing is trending? It seems like from the stats
you threw out about revenue and volume, it was pretty stable in the quarter, but do you view that as
durable? And would pricing change if you -- with the COVID combo tests?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. I think we're seeing relatively very stable pricing actually globally right now on COVID. And certainly,
the combo would be likely priced higher. I don't want to get into specifics, depending on reimbursement
or everything else, but at this point in time, pricing has remained very steady. I think that will continue to
track a little bit whatever happens to reimbursement in the future and this and that. I think over the long
run, we would be wise. We certainly plan that there would be some degradation in pricing over time but
feel very good about the nearer term of how it's holding up.

We also -- and you were on top of it, but the reimbursement change that came down in the U.S. recently
of lowering the base price from $100 down to $75, but providing the $25 upcharge if the patient can get
the results returned within 48 hours, is very beneficial to us given our footprint of around the country. So

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

I think, again, our ability to help labs and help hospitals return the results quickly plays to our strength as
well.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

And that also contributes to the continued demand for more Panthers, more boxes as well.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Brian Weinstein from William Blair.

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay. So to ask a political question, I guess. I mean we've seen a lot of funding for testing under the
Trump administration, so we know what that looks like. But if we do see a Biden administration takeover
in January, what do you think that means for testing in general, for funding, for reimbursement or even
anything with the FDA? I'm just curious if you have thoughts on kind of his broader COVID-19 strategy
that he's outlined.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, I think it's hard to believe that it wouldn't be neutral to positive, and more likely potentially more
testing. So I think the bigger risk would have been Republicans maybe wanting to cut back. So I think --
but I also think there's such an inexorable force of the consumer and frankly, state and local governments
and companies and everybody that will also continue to drive this. But I would consider Biden to be a net
positive for us.

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Got it. And then in today's weekly FDA Town hall, there was some discussion from one of your employees
about getting some language changed for testing to kind of expand beyond just saying a PCR to molecular
to kind of cover your technology as well. Is that something that is causing any kind of a headwind in the
market? FDA clearly seem to be amenable to changing it, it sounded like, on the call, but is that anything
that you guys have seen as being problematic in any way?

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Yes, Brian, it's Mike. I mean I think if you look at our sales performance, the answer would be no. Clearly,
PCR is a little bit like -- it's become a little bit of a term like Kleenex or something, to be synonymous with
paper tissues and such. And that's fine. Obviously, we use a different technology that's been competing
against PCR for decades called TMA. And it really hasn't had an effect. I mean look at the uptake of the
products, and TMA has been used -- has been leading the chlamydia/gonorrhea market for decades, HPV,
et cetera. I think the specific issue that came up was related to travel between states and what would
qualify for a test or whatever. But I think that's fairly inconsequential. I think we'll get that stuff resolved.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Raj Denhoy from Jefferies.

Rajbir Singh Denhoy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Mike -- maybe actually, Steve, I should ask you this question. So prior to COVID, your average Panther
was doing something on the order of $240,000, $250,000. It's now well over $1 million, maybe close to
$1.5 million. When we start to think about the sustainability of this business, right, I think what people are
trying to figure out is where that goes. You've given us some detail on your thoughts there, but maybe to
put a finer point on it, a year from now, what do you think your average Panther is going to be generating
in terms of revenue?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think, Raj, as you well know, it was kind of increasing in a high single-digit, almost double-digit rate
per Panther. Exactly where it will be will be so dependent a year from now as to how much COVID testing,
what's the COVID pricing. But clearly, it just continues to go up. And with our broader menu, 16 approved
test and actually now with the 2 additional COVID ones, we're at 18, just more and more to be able to put
through. I probably don't want to -- it'd be premature to try to give you an absolute number as to where
that will be. But I think we just feel great that there'll be more volumes of more tests and more Panthers.
And so collectively, just driving higher.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Yes. Maybe to add to that, Raj, just for a second. I mean to put a fine point on it, we mentioned in the
script this concept of TORs, which is one thing that we look at a lot internally. We signed in this past
year, TORs representing more than $35 million of year 1 revenue. To give you a sense, I mean, that's
more than 50% more than we've ever done in a year before. And in addition to that, there's another $35
million of TORs kind of waiting in the wings for when we have capacity on the Panthers as well as product
availability. So a lot of good excitement around some of our new tests in particular, and I think that's going
to contribute to continued steady growth in that pull-through.

Rajbir Singh Denhoy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Helpful. And maybe just lastly, Steve, one quick one. Just your updated thoughts maybe on rapid or point-
of-care tests. Any updated thoughts on your desire to get into that business or your views on that, that
segment of Diagnostics?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Great question, Raj. We are really -- we've got an incredible group of scientists in this company that
-- and from the very outset, myself, Kevin kind of challenge different ways of thinking and looking at all of
these different things. And we are staying very close to our core of really having the best products. When
you think about what we do in 3D mammography, what we have with NovaSure, MyoSure, what we've
always had in our molecular portfolio, really wanting to make sure that we have the best products with the
best of labels.

And candidly, there's a lot of point-of-care stuff right now that I would say is being used off-label,
particularly being used for screening when it's not supposed to be. And over time -- I think right now,
there's a little bit of a Wild West component, where people are just making money, selling tests, getting
them out there and saying, hey, run a bunch, whether they're accurate or not. If you test enough, it will
work. I think over time, the cream always rises to the top. And there will, like in any market, things will
settle out. And I think as things settle out, the superior products with the best labels, testing the right
people in the right way at the right time will prevail. And I think we feel really good about that.

We've looked at -- we've had -- you can imagine, through distribution agreements, we've had a lot of
opportunities to frankly even drive more short-term revenue by offering other products through our
incredible sales channels and really are staying away from it because we want to make sure that we don't
do anything to dilute our long-term brand equity, and want to stay really close to the science. So thank
you for asking that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Operator
And thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. This now concludes Hologic's fourth
quarter fiscal 2020 earnings conference call. Have a good evening.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

