Honeywell International Inc. 

NasdaqGS:HON
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 22, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.00

2.02

1.00

2.14

8.08

9.16

Revenue  (mm)

8678.59

8473.00

(2.37 %)

9132.74

35038.18

37685.19

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-22-2021 12:59 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

2.00

1.80

1.95

2.00

2.07

1.92

2.02

2.02

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3.50 %

6.67 %

3.59 %

1.00 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Reena Vaidya

Torsten Pilz
Senior VP & Chief Supply Chain
Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Honeywell's Third Quarter Earnings Release. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for
today's conference, Reena Vaidya, Director of Investor Relations. Reena, please go ahead.

Reena Vaidya

Thank you, Ari. Good morning, and welcome to Honeywell's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
On the call with me today are Chairman and CEO, Darius Adamczyk; and Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer, Greg Lewis. Also joining us are Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Anne Madden;
and Senior Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer, Torsten Pilz.

This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at
www.honeywell.com/investor. Honeywell also uses our website as a means of disclosing information, which
may be of interest or material to our investors for complying with disclosure obligations under Regulation
FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor our Investor Relations website in addition to following our press
releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, webcast and social media.

Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best
view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change based on many
factors, including changing economic and business conditions, and we ask that you interpret them in that
light. We identified the principal risks and uncertainties that may affect our performance in our annual
report on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings.

This morning, we will review our financial results for the third quarter of 2021, share our guidance for the
fourth quarter and full year 2021 and share some preliminary thoughts on 2022 plan. As always, we'll
leave time for your questions at the end.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Darius Adamczyk.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Reena, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. Our outstanding discipline and
execution enabled us to deliver third quarter results that met or exceeded our financial guidance in an
increasingly challenging environment. We achieved the high end of our third quarter adjusted earnings
per share guidance range and exceeded the high end of our segment margin guidance by 60 basis points
despite significant headwinds from inflation, and supply chain constraints, which tampered down our top
line growth potential.

Despite that, organic sales were up 8% year-over-year driven by double-digit organic growth in Safety
and Productivity Solutions, the commercial aerospace aftermarket from Advanced Materials and UOP.
Segment margin expanded 130 basis points to 21.2% driven by strong actions that we took across the
portfolio to address the headwinds we faced from inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions.
Specifically, we've continued to operate our strong productivity playbook. We took swift pricing action that
allowed us to stay ahead of the inflation curve. We drove a 4% increase year-over-year in -- on the top
line and yielded approximately 40 basis points of margin expansion net of inflation.

Adjusted earnings per share was $2.02, up 29% year-over-year, achieving the high end of our guidance
range. We delivered a strong third quarter despite a volatile backdrop that included a hurricane in our PMT
factory corridor, power blackouts in China and the persistent and ongoing impacts on the supply chain
more broadly. I am pleased of our disciplined execution, which enabled us to navigate the challenges in
the macroeconomic environment and capitalize on the ongoing recovery in our end markets. I continue to
be encouraged by the strength we are seeing in many areas of our portfolio.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

Orders across Honeywell are up high single digits year-over-year organic, excluding the impact of COVID-
related mask business, which has seen significant demand decline since the pandemic has been subsiding.
Orders across Honeywell were up double digits year-over-year. Backlog was up 7% to $27.5 billion and
up 9%, excluding the impact of COVID mask orders, driven by strength in many of our segments and
positioning us to deliver next phase of the recovery as we head into 2022. As always, we continue to
execute on our rigorous and proven value creation framework that drives outstanding shareholder value.

Now let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss some of our exciting recent announcements. Last month, United
Airlines and Honeywell announced a joint multimillion dollar investment in Alder Fuels, powering the
biggest sustainable fuel agreement in aviation history. Alder Fuels is a clean tech company that is
pioneering first-of-its-kind technologies from producing sustainable aviation fuel or SAF at scale.

When used together across the fuel life cycle, the Alder technologies, coupled with Honeywell's Ecofining
process, have the ability to produce a carbon-negative alternative to today's jet fuels. As part of the
agreement, United is committing to purchase 1.5 billion gallons of SAF when produced to United's
requirement, which is 1.5x the size of the known purchase commitments of all global airlines combined,
making this easily the largest publicly announced SAF agreement in aviation history and demonstrating
the power of Honeywell technologies continue to bring to the oncoming global energy transition.

We also recently announced the acquisition of Performix, a provider of manufacturing execution system
or MES software for the pharmaceutical manufacturing and biotech industries. This acquisition builds
on our strategy to create the world's leading integrated software platform for customers within the life
sciences industry who are striving to achieve faster compliance, improved reliability and better production
throughput at the highest levels of quality. The Performix MES software joins Honeywell's large and
growing portfolio of automation solutions for the life sciences industry, including Sparta System's quality
management software and Honeywell's Experion Process Knowledge System. The combined offerings will
address life sciences' customer needs across the product life cycles, from automation project execution to
optimal production to sustainable quality.

Lastly, we unveiled an all-new aircraft cockpit system earlier this month called Honeywell Anthem, the
first in the industry build with an always-on cloud connected experience that improves flight efficiency,
operations, safety and comfort. Honeywell Anthem offers unprecedented levels of connectivity and exciting
and intuitive interface model after everyday smart devices in a highly scalable and customizable design.

This next-generation flight deck is powered by a flexible software platform that can be customized for
virtually every type of aircraft and flying vehicle, including a large passenger and cargo planes, business
jets, helicopters, general aviation aircraft and the rapidly emerging class of advanced air mobility vehicles.
In fact, Honeywell Anthem has already been selected by Vertical Aerospace and Lilium with their vertical
takeoff and landing all-electric aircraft. As these announcements highlight, we're continuously innovating
and enhancing our portfolio of exciting new technologies align to our long-term strategic objectives.

Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 4 to discuss our third quarter results in more detail.

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. As Darius highlighted, we executed with the typical level of rigor
that you have come to expect from Honeywell and delivered on our commitments despite a challenging
backdrop.

Our third quarter was strong with sales up 8% organically to $8.5 billion; segment margins expanding
130 basis points to 21.2%, resulting in 36% incremental margins; and free cash flow of more than $900
million, up 20% year-on-year. Our third quarter performance demonstrates our ability to deliver for our
shareholders in all environments.

Now let's take a minute to discuss how each of the segments contributed to that. Starting with Aerospace,
third quarter sales were up 2% organically as the ongoing recovery in flight hours drove another quarter
of strong double-digit commercial aerospace aftermarket growth. As expected, air transport aftermarket
sales continued to gain momentum, growing more than 10% sequentially from the second quarter and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

growing 40% year-over-year. Commercial original equipment returned to growth in the quarter driven
by strong demand for business jets. The growth in commercial aerospace was partially offset by Defense
& Space, which was down 17% in the quarter primarily due to supply chain constraints, which limited
our deliveries. Excluding those impacts, Defense & Space would have been down mid-single digits in the
quarter, an improvement versus the first half run rate.

Aerospace segment margins expanded 390 basis points to 27.1%, driven by growth in our high-margin
aftermarket business, strong productivity from our lower cost base and pricing. Building Technologies
sales were up 3% organically driven by broad-based demand across the building products portfolio as well
as continued growth in Building Solutions services. Orders were up double digits year-over-year for the
fourth straight quarter driven by demand for fire products, building management systems and projects.
Backlog for Building Solutions services was up over 35% year-over-year, positioning the business for
growth into 2022. In addition, our healthy buildings portfolio maintained strong customer momentum with
approximately $100 million of orders in the quarter, bringing year-to-date orders to $250 million. HBT
segment margins expanded 190 basis points to 23.5%, driven by pricing and productivity, partially offset
by inflation.

In PMT, sales were up 9% organically, led by 29% growth in UOP and 14% growth in Advanced Materials.
UOP sales growth was driven by higher petrochemical catalyst shipments, and their backlog grew double
digits year-over-year, which should drive growth well into 2022.

Process Solutions sales were down 2% organically as the recovery in projects has lagged, partially offset
by high single-digit growth in Thermal Solutions and Lifecycle Solutions & Services. HPS orders were up
20% year-over-year, driven by broad-based demand across the portfolio, providing confidence in the
longer-term outlook for the business. PMT segment margins expanded 260 basis points to 22.2% in the
quarter driven by pricing, strong operating leverage and a healthy mix of UOP.

In Safety and Productivity Solutions, despite battling supply chain and inflation challenges, sales were up
21% organically, driven by another quarter of double-digit Warehouse and Workflow Solutions growth,
Productivity Solutions and Services growth and gas analysis growth. Orders in these 3 businesses were
also up double digits year-over-year, resulting in a robust SPS backlog of more than $4 billion. Personal
Protective Equipment sales declined year-over-year as mask demand declined meaningfully. This was
partially offset by growth in the hearing, gloves and fall protection categories. SPS segment margins
contracted 70 basis points to 13.2% driven by unfavorable business mix, which, combined with targeted
investments and supply chain challenges in Intelligrated, drove inefficiencies in manufacturing installation
as the business has been scaling to outsized growth, which was 60% organically this quarter.

Finally, growth across our portfolio was underpinned by continued progress in Honeywell Connected
Enterprise. Our connected buildings and cyber solutions delivered another quarter of double-digit organic
growth, and third quarter recurring revenue growth was once again up double digits year-over-year. So
overall, we delivered strong organic sales growth, drove 130 basis points of improvement in segment
margins, 60 basis points above the high end of our guidance despite the challenging environment. For the
quarter, we delivered GAAP earnings per share of $1.80 and adjusted earnings per share of $2.02, up 29%
year-over-year, achieving the high end of our guidance.

A bridge from 3Q '20 adjusted EPS to 3Q '21 adjusted EPS can be found in the appendix of this
presentation, which includes reference to a $160 million noncash charge related to ongoing UOP matters
that are described in our Form 10-Q. The majority of our year-over-year adjusted earnings growth of
$0.26 was driven by our strong segment profit improvement. Below-the-line items were a $0.13 tailwind
driven by lower repositioning and higher pension income. A lower effective tax rate of 22.9% and lower
weighted average share count of 699 million shares drove a $0.04 and $0.03 benefit, respectively.

We generated $900 million of free cash flow in the quarter and -- as increased earnings -- excuse me,
increase in working capital due to growth of the business and related supply chain challenges tamped
that down a bit. Finally, we strategically deployed $1.5 billion primarily to share repurchases, dividends
and CapEx in the third quarter, which significantly exceeded operating cash flow. We paid $646 million in
dividends, deployed $208 million to capital expenditures and reduced $650 million of Honeywell shares,
reducing our weighted average share count to 699 million. Total capital deployment was up 44% year-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

over-year. In all, this was another strong quarter under difficult circumstances. We continue to manage
through the multi-speed recovery across our portfolio, making disciplined investments for the future and
meeting or exceeding our commitments while proactively addressing macroeconomic challenges.

With that, let's turn to Slide 5 to discuss the impact of the supply chain constraints we're facing and
how Honeywell is adapting to address those challenges. As we saw last quarter, the world continues to
face persistent supply chain challenges as the sourcing environment for direct materials and electrical
components continues to be tight, logistics capacity remains strained and labor availability becomes
more challenging, all driving constraints in operating and inflationary pressures on our cost base.
Semiconductors remain an acute problem due to a structural disconnect between supply and demand
driven by canceled industrial and automotive orders during COVID-19 as well as unplanned growth of 5G,
personal computing and consumer electronics. We've also started feeling pressure in Aerospace as the
supply chain broadly ramps up more slowly than needed, leading to parts challenges due to deteriorating
supplier delivery.

While we have been mitigating the overall risk by proactively partnering with distributors and alternative
suppliers, the challenges accelerated in the last quarter, constraining growth in some of our businesses.
The most affected businesses in our portfolio are SPS, Aerospace and HPT. We provide guidance ranges
for our quarterly and annual outlook in order to incorporate an adequate level of risk for things just such
as this as we see these dynamics in the last few quarters. We are managing the situation aggressively on
a daily basis and have deployed the full strength of our reengineering efforts to qualify alternative parts,
which has mitigated some risk on our Productivity Solutions and Services, Advanced Sensing and Fire
businesses.

We created tiger teams using advanced digital tools to track shortages and deploy a number of actions to
liberate supply in the market. We also continue to mitigate inflation in materials, freight and labor in our
operations through targeted regular pricing actions. For the longer term, we're developing dual-sourced
platforming strategies and executing long-term supply agreements with some of our key suppliers. This,
coupled with strengthening direct engagement with the semiconductor OEMs and foundries, will improve
our ability to secure increased volumes in the future. We do expect this environment to persist into the
fourth quarter and the first half of '22. We'll continue to adapt as we manage through this period.

With that, let's turn to Slide 6 to talk about our expectations for the fourth quarter. As we enter the fourth
quarter and given the ongoing challenges I mentioned, we expect sales to be in the range of $8.5 billion to
$8.9 billion, down 4% to flat on an organic basis, which includes the impact of the COVID-19-driven mask
sales decline. Excluding this impact, organic sales would be down 2% to up 2% organically. We would also
normally see a seasonal step up from the third to the fourth quarter, which this year will be somewhat
dampened by the unique calendar impact of having more days in the third quarter than we do in 4Q.

In Aerospace, we expect our commercial business to continue to improve as business aviation and air
transport flight hours continue to accelerate, driving continued sequential and year-over-year growth
in the commercial aftermarket sales. The pace of the air transport acceleration will continue to vary
regionally with domestic travel recovering faster than international. Commercial original equipment build
rates will also continue to progress gradually. Defense & Space sales will be down due to lower demand
from U.S. DoD programs driven by moderating U.S. defense spend and soft international defense volumes.
We will continue to manage through the constraints as the Aerospace supply base ramps up, but we
are expecting to miss out on potentially hundreds of millions of dollars worth of shipments due to these
continued challenges in Q4. We now expect organic sales growth to be down mid-single digits for the year
in Aerospace.

In Building Technologies, we expect continued strong demand across the portfolio as the world continues
to reopen and sustainability solutions take hold, driving sales and orders growth in the fourth quarter. We
will face ongoing pressures from the supply chain constraints, but continue to work our mitigation actions
as we anticipate mid-single-digit sales growth for the year. In PMT, we see continued strength in the short-
cycle HPS businesses, though this will be tempered by the slower recovery in projects. Our strong orders
growth in the third quarter will support a growth acceleration into '22. For UOP, we're pleased with our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

robust 3Q performance and expect continued growth into the fourth quarter and into '22, supported by the
strong backlog, which is up double digits year-over-year.

Last, we expect continued healthy demand for products across the Advanced Materials portfolio. We
expect PMT organic sales to be up low single digits for the year.

In Safety and Productivity Solutions, we expect another quarter of robust growth in our Warehouse and
Workflow Solutions and Productivity Solutions and Services businesses. In our Productivity Solutions
and Services business, we just have an outstanding year. Backlog remains up triple digits year-over-
year, which, combined with our Intelligrated backlog that is over $2.4 billion, gives us confidence in these
businesses for the remainder of '21 and into '22. Mask demand has accelerated as expected as the world
recovers from the pandemic, though we will partially offset the softness with strengths in other areas of
the PPE portfolio. Finally, we expect to see strength in our short-cycle gas analysis and advanced sensing
businesses driven by double-digit orders growth in the third quarter. We'll continue to manage through this
challenging supply environment, which will impact our growth potential, but we'll record strong double-
digit growth for the year.

Now let me turn to our expectations for our other core guided metrics. For our fourth quarter segment
margins, we expect to be in the range of 21.2% to 21.7%, up 10 to 60 basis points year-over-year.
We expect margins to continue to benefit from pricing actions ahead of inflation, volume leverage and
ongoing productivity from our streamlined cost base despite the headwinds from unfavorable business
mix in Intelligrated and efficiency challenges due to the supply chain environment. Fourth quarter net
below-the-line impact, which is the difference between segment profit and income tax -- and income
before tax, is expected to be in the range of negative $10 million to negative $95 million with a range of
repositioning between approximately $140 million and [ $215 ] million as we continue to fund ongoing
restructuring projects. We expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 20% and average share count
to be approximately 698 million shares. As a result, we expect fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share
between $2.03 and $2.13, down 2% to up 3% year-over-year.

Given these fourth quarter expectations, full year organic sales growth will be in the range of 4% to 5%,
narrowing the range we provided last quarter to $34.2 billion to $34.6 billion. We are once again raising
the low end of our segment margin guidance by 10 basis points for the year to a new range of 20.9%
to 21.1%, representing expansion of 50 to 70 basis points for the year. We expect margin expansion in
Aero, HPT and PMT as we carefully invest back into the business while managing the multi-speed recovery
across the portfolio. Our fixed cost management remains a focus, and we are tracking favorably to the
permanent reduction of $1 billion of fixed costs from our 2020 cost actions.

We expect our net below-the-line impact to be in the range of $40 million to $125 million, including
capacity for $400 to $475 million of repositioning. Our full year effective tax rate will be approximately
22%, and weighted average share count will be approximately 701 million for the year, over-delivering on
our minimum 1% reduction in shares. This will take adjusted earnings per share to a range of $8 to $8.10,
up 13% to 14% year-over-year. This maintains the high end of our previous guidance and raised the low
end by $0.05. Despite these challenges, we are maintaining the same cash flow outlook for the year in the
range of $5.3 billion to $5.6 billion.

Now let's turn to Page 7 and review our guidance progression throughout the year. Since we provided
our initial 2021 guidance in January, we have navigated through several uncertainties, the ongoing global
pandemic, supply chain challenges, unprecedented raw material inflation and labor market challenges. And
in each turn, our rigorous operating principles have enabled us to continue to demonstrate our resiliency.
And our latest update, we have adjusted our sales outlook purely due to the constraints we are battling in
the supply chain, which dampened 3Q and our fourth quarter sales potential. We continue to have a robust
backlog of demand. Despite these changes to top line expectations, we have not only maintained the high
end of our segment margin and adjusted EPS guidance, but we have further increased the low end of both
ranges and maintained our previous free cash flow guidance. These are excellent proof points of our ability
to execute in all economic cycles. In total, I'm encouraged by the strength we are seeing in key areas
of the portfolio as we head into '22, particularly driven by strong orders growth and backlog position as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

well as aggressive supply chain tactics that are mitigating risks, enabling us to deliver on our long-term
commitments.

Now let's move to Slide 8, where we can talk about some of the preliminary thoughts we have on 2022.
With the commercial aerospace recovery in view, upcoming capital reinvestment in the energy sector,
nonresidential construction spending returning to 2019 levels and the exponential growth we continue
to see in e-commerce, we have a strong setup for 2022. We expect organic growth in all 4 segments
driven by strong portfolio-wide demand in backlog, underpinned by year-to-date orders growth of 17%
in HBT, 14% in Aero, 10% in PMT and 6% in SPS or 8% in SPS,, if we exclude the COVID mask business.
This, coupled with the strategies we have in place that are focused on driving uniquely innovative and
differentiated technologies to address the world's increasing demand for digital transformation, process
technology and sustainable solutions, gives me confidence in our future.

However, we do expect growth in the first half of '22 to be constrained due to continued challenges from
labor force uncertainty, supply availability and logistics challenges. Inflation will continue to be a factor
under these circumstances though our pricing rigor as reflected in our margin rates will help us. We do
expect changes to corporate tax legislation, though the exact impact of that is as of yet unknown. With
these dynamics in mind, let's look at our key markets. In Aerospace, we expect strong growth in our
commercial aerospace business. Ongoing improvement in global flight hours will drive growth in our
commercial aerospace aftermarket. We also expect original equipment build rates, which have lagged the
flight hour recovery, to ramp up in '22.

In Defense & Space, we expect flat to low single-digit growth year-over-year as U.S. and international
defense budget spending stabilizes and our supply challenges abate. In HBT, we expect nonresidential
construction growth and an ongoing return to public spaces to drive demand for building products,
services and projects. We also expect continued demand for our portfolio of healthy building solutions as
well as tailwinds from U.S. infrastructure [indiscernible]. We expect a large backlog to draw from as well
as we end with 2021. In PMT, we're assuming improved macroeconomic conditions and higher stable oil
prices will improve growth in UOP and also help recover automation projects in HPS. We expect continued
strength in Advanced Materials driven by demand in the auto, construction and health care sectors.

For Safety and Productivity Solutions, we expect strong demand in our Productivity Solutions and Services,
gas analysis and advanced sensor businesses. We also execute on our robust backlog of major projects in
our Warehouse and Workflow Solutions businesses. However, we will face constraints to growth as supply
chain challenges continue in the first half of '22. Mask demand will remain at our lower second half exit
rates as the world recovers from the pandemic. For overall Honeywell, we expect margin expansion to be
driven by aftermarket recovery in Aerospace, accelerating catalyst shipments in UOP and improving mix
in SPS. Our strong productivity and pricing actions, which should carry through to next year and provide
potential upside, will enable key investments to support medium-term top line growth, including a step-up
in R&D and our digital initiatives.

We look forward to completing the combination of Honeywell Quantum Solutions with Cambridge Quantum
Computing, which is a very big strategic step forward for us, but will be a minor drag on our margin. We
have significant balance sheet capacity for M&A and share repurchases, and we expect to reduce our
share count by a minimum of 1% again in 2022. So overall, we have some insight into our end markets
and a lot of confidence in our continued operational execution, which will give us the ability to deliver
another strong financial performance and continue to execute our strategy to be the premier software
[indiscernible]. We'll provide more specific inputs once we close out the year.

So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Darius.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Greg. Before we wrap up, I'd like to take a minute on Slide 9 to discuss an important topic:
Honeywell's culture of inclusion and diversity. Our commitment to inclusion and diversity enables better
decision-making, helps build competitive advantages and further long-term success. Inclusion and
diversity is one of our foundational principles, and Honeywell expects all employees to exemplify these

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

principles. We continue to build out our initiatives to promote racial equality and inclusion and diversity,
including employing mandatory unconscious bias training to our global workforce; establishing a global
I&D student committee, co-sponsored by me; and fortifying Honeywell's I&D governance structure by
embedding I&D councils into each business group. We also established 2021 goals for each of my direct
reports that include an annual objective of driving diversity in his or her organization.

These initiatives have yielded results. Women and people of color represent a higher percentage of the
workforce at Honeywell compared to our peers. In addition, representation of women and people of color
in Honeywell has increased each year since 2018, which is a testament to our ongoing commitment to
hiring, developing and retaining diverse talent. Now let's wrap up on Slide 10. We delivered on our third
quarter commitments despite a challenging backdrop. As always, we remain laser-focused on executing
our strategic objectives and investing in growth opportunities that position our business well for the next
phase of recovery. We're executing on our proven value creation framework with the rigor you can expect
from Honeywell, which will continue to consistently drive shareholder value.

With that, Reena, let's move to Q&A.

Reena Vaidya
Thank you, Darius. Darius, Greg, Anne and Torsten are now available to answer your questions. [Operator
Instructions] Ari, please open the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can you hear me okay?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Just on the organic growth guidance for next year, would you expect first half to be -- to actually
grow? Or are you looking at it being kind of more like the fourth quarter? And then, I mean, you talked
about all 4 segments growing, I guess. Does that mean like will you decelerate from this year because of
the first half? Like maybe just give us some -- a bit of guidepost on kind of what the messaging is on first
half versus all of next year on this front?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. So the short answer to your question, Steve, is that, yes, we do expect the first half to grow. I think
how much is going to be a little bit dependent upon some of the supply chain challenges that we pointed
out that we're seeing in Q4. Frankly, we see it this way, which is on semiconductors, we actually see some
positive tailwinds as we head into the first half next year. So that's good. I don't think that it's going to
be completely alleviated, but it's going to get better. When it comes to some of the other components,
particularly for Aerospace and some of the Tier 2, Tier 3 suppliers, particularly castings, forgings, things of
that nature, we're not sure where we are in that improvement cycle because it really just kind of popped
up in Q3 in a more acute phase. So we're a little more cautious there. But the short answer is we do
expect growth in the first half of 2022.

What I will say is that we have -- we'll have some headwinds in SPS due to sort of what I call COVID-
related masks. But I think those are going to be particularly acute in Q1 of next year. They're evident here
in Q4 of '21 and to a lesser extent, Q2 of 2022. And then it's kind of going to -- we're going to get back to
that normal run rate.

So we -- as you can see, I mean, it's -- the year '22 is setting up terrific. I mean, we're up double-digit
orders growth in each of our SPGs. One exception, SPS is sort of, call it, mid-single digit. But if you
exclude the impact of the COVID masks, we would be up double digit as well. So the only constraint that
we see is, to some extent, the supply chain. And at least in semiconductors, we think that Q4 is the peak
of those challenges. That's the way we see it today. Now I will say this lastly, which is it's a dynamic
environment. There were some puts and takes here in Q3 that were probably more takes than positive. So
we're going to monitor it as closely as Q4.

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

And that's why we have such a wide guidance range for the fourth quarter. $400 million of revenue range
is wider than we're typically doing, and it's exactly for those reasons.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

So does terrific mean re -- acceleration from '21? That's just my follow-up.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, I think it's -- all I can say is we expect growth in the first half. And when we get together with you
in January or February to give you our outlook, we'll have a better view. But we certainly expect growth,
the backlog supports that. And our story hasn't changed from really the end of Q2 earnings report. I think
the setup for Honeywell for '22, '23 is terrific. There's nothing here that makes me want to change my
mind. Yes, we're going to have to deal with some of the supply chain challenges. They're here. They're
real. They're probably understated in the market. I think that, frankly, it's only recently that it's been
realized how severe they are. But we've incorporated that in our guide for Q4. And I think we're working
diligently to try to resolve them. I mean, we've been at this for 12 weeks now. And it's not just one way.
It's not just pushing suppliers harder. It's also doing redesign, alternative products, finding different
ways to generate revenue. So I think we've got a pretty good playbook. But I won't understate this. The
challenges are real and very substantial.

Operator

Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So maybe my question would focus on the revenue outlook in Aerospace because I think the guidance for
this year has come down 3 quarters in a row now in that division. So I just wanted to try and understand
your level of confidence in when the Defense & Space piece will return to growth again? Is it sort of early
next year or towards the end of the year? And also any updated thoughts on commercial aero aftermarket
and how you think your own revenues will lag or move in line with the recovery in traffic because of spare
parts and so forth.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Okay. Yes. So Julian, a couple of points. On Defense & Space, as you saw, we kind of had a -- frankly,
a bit of a disappointing double-digit negative for Q3. But remember that had we not sort of had some of
these supply chain challenge, which really became very evident in Q3 because think about these as Q3,
Q4 suppliers which are smaller, which reduced capacity during the pandemic. And now we're getting a lot
of demand, not just from us but probably some of the other aerospace players. It's going to take some
time to work through that, but we would have been down mid-single digits in Q3 had that not happened.
We have, unfortunately, more past due than we want Defense & Space. That's went up substantially in
Q3, and we've got to work our way through that. What I will tell you about Defense & Space is if you look
at our bookings or where we are at this cycle, early Q4 versus where we were at the same period of last
year, that gives us some -- well, quite a bit of confidence that we're looking at flat to low single digits.
Now that could get even better. I don't know that it's going to get a lot worse.

What we're seeing here is, if you recall, if you go back to 2020, we had very strong orders and revenue in
2020 in Defense & Space. And you see the effect of some level of usage and destocking by some of those
Defense & Space customers and distributors. So we're optimistic about normalization of that in '22. And
based on what we see today, and this is important to say today and this could change, we see flattish to
low single-digit growth. And let's now switch gears and talk about commercial aftermarket. We see that
continue to improve it. You saw that strong growth in Q3. We think it's going to continue to get better.
We're still nowhere near the 2019 levels, but it continues to get better. As you know, November 8, we're
going to open up the borders, and more international traffic is going to step up. So as more international
comes back as COVID abates, which we think were going to happen here in Q4 and Q1 next year, we see
continued growth in our aftermarket, coupled with stronger growth in OE, both in air transport as well as
PGA. So the setup for Aerospace, I think, for '22 is quite good. Greg, I don't know if you...

Gregory Peter Lewis

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

Senior VP & CFO

No, I think you got it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Hopefully, you can hear me okay. But Darius, can you quantify what you think supply chain cost you in
revenues in the quarter? Do you have a sense of that? And if you have a sense of that, Darius, do you
have a sense of -- can you delineate between like a lost sale and a delayed sale? How much of that has
kind of gone forever versus just pushed into next quarter or whatever?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. No, I can. So think about the impact in Q3 about $300 million plus or minus, and think about what's
embedded in our Q4 outlook of an impact of $300 million to $500 million. Now in terms of lost forever
versus push, it's not lost forever. I mean, as I talked about some of -- unfortunately, some of our past
dues going up, and that went up $200 million to $300 million just in Q3. So it's not lost.

We've got to be able to get our supply chain to function more to more effectively and efficiently. And
that's exactly what Torsten and his team are working on and -- but it's -- we don't envision that as lost.
Customers still need those products. And frankly, I think when this earnings cycle ends, I don't think we're
going to be that unique in terms of some of the bottlenecks that we're seeing.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe you could talk a little bit about how you're thinking about driving 4Q margin expansion despite
at the midpoint of revenue decline? And the reason I ask is just how are you driving cost cutting in an
environment where I know things are tough, but you're also up against a very strong backlog with the
potential for growth to really bounce back in 2022? So kind of how do you balance that against cutting
costs for the short-term issues that you're facing?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Well, yes, first of all, Nicole, I don't -- cost cutting is not what we're doing. We're actually investing
this year, particularly in businesses like Intelligrated, which are growing at clips that probably no other
business has seen before. But the biggest lever here, and I think one of the best operational stories for
Honeywell that you see here in Q3 is our pricing discipline. I mean, we think we gain in terms of price/cost
40 to 50 basis points of margin expansion, and that's what you're seeing come through in our margins. I
mean, I think that was a terrific commercial execution by the team, and they did a great job. So this is not
so much a function of sort of cost cutting. This is more of a function of commercial execution. Greg?

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, I would agree. I mean, if you think about it, Nicole, last year, obviously, we were in a substantial
cost-cutting mode and are repositioning pipeline. And the projects around that reflected it. This year, we
always say that we continue the productivity playbook, fixed cost power one, create operating leverage by
growing sales and holding fixed costs flat as just the mantra of the way we work. And so to Darius' point,
we're not doing massive cost cutting. We are being smart about where we're putting it back, though, and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

we are using the things that we spoke about last year in terms of automation and our digital capabilities to
help us deliver.

I mean, I'll be honest. The supply chain work that we're doing, that Torsten and the team are doing are
very much enabled by our Honeywell digital tools and capabilities and some of the visibility that he's
put into his own capabilities in the supply chain to manage. So this isn't about cutting costs. It's about
managing them properly, and we are investing back in the business, as Darius mentioned. But we're going
to be doing it diligently. So I feel pretty good about the margin rate expansion. You would see the implied
margin rate expansion is a little bit lower than what our guide was previously simply because the sales
numbers are down. So we'll have a little bit less operating leverage from an opportunity standpoint, but
still very healthy margin expansion in Q4.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. And just to add to that, this is an important point. Honeywell digital kind of has 2 elements. Number
one is it helps us to operate the business better, and Torsten had his team have done a great job
instrumenting exactly how do we uncork some of these bottlenecks that we're seeing. I mean, it's not
perfection. It's not that we're going to completely avoid them, but I think we're doing a nice job. And
second of all, which is continue to drive productivity, as Greg pointed out, through automation. Automation
is a big lever for us and one that, frankly, we're using aggressively, both in sort of our manufacturing
facilities, but also in the office environment. And it's been enabling us to drive productivity.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Sort of a related question, Darius and Greg. One of the other themes out of earnings season so far is kind
of the double-edged sword element of backlog. In other words, things not priced in the backlog for the
current inflationary market. Given that you run with relatively large backlogs, I just wonder if you could
address the profitability in your backlog? Do you have inflation protection? And any particular headwinds
we should think about as that backlog converts?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

That's a very good question, Jeff, and we've thought about that one. And you're right. With aged backlog,
you got to be very, very careful because if you don't go back and revisit your backlog and reprice it, then
you're going to have a problem. And I can tell you that's a very active exercise we're doing because as
you can imagine, I mean, we -- just to quote some figures. I mean, steel is up 198% year-over-year;
nickel, 25%; copper, 46%; aluminum, 66%. I mean, these are fairly substantial increases. So what we've
been doing in more or less all of our businesses and particularly long cycle ones is trying to go back and
reprice some of our backlog. You kind of almost have to do that because -- and not to even mention labor
inflation, which we're also seeing. So it's part of our playbook, part of our exercise and exactly what we've
been trying to do.

Operator

Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I guess one question for Darius and Torsten since he's on the line as well. How's that $500 million of
supply chain that you guys talked about at the 2019 Analyst Day looking? I mean, you're probably looking
at the composition of that a little differently today just given how much has changed. And then just a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

smaller follow-up. How do we think about the cadence of UOP catalyst shipments from here? Those look
pretty solid in the quarter.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Let me start with the UOP question. I'll turn it over to Torsten the other. I mean, UOP's bookings
remain very, very strong. You saw that both in revenue and booking rates here in Q3. So we're optimistic.
And keep in mind, which really gets us excited also, and I've talked about this before. HTS follows UOP
by a 12- to 18-month cycle. So it -- UOP leads, HPS follows. And so that sort of gives you another good
indicator that we should see a nice impact on -- in HPS 12 to 18 months from now. We've done this
analysis before, and that's the typical lead lag cycle. So not only it's just good news, and let's face it.
I mean, we all read the same articles. The world needs more energy. Some of it is going to come from
renewables, but frankly, some of it's going to have to come from hydrocarbons as well. So we think that,
that's overall, the world right now is energy short. And there's going to be a reinvestment cycle, both in
renewables to some extent, hydrocarbons. I'll turn it over to Torsten.

Torsten Pilz
Senior VP & Chief Supply Chain Officer

Yes. I mean, the $500 million, they are split primarily between our short-cycle business, especially in SPS
and HPT, and the long-cycle business in Aerospace. So that's what we are seeing. First, a dramatic impact
on the short-cycle business. But now in Q3, we saw that supply shortage to start kicking in, also in the
long cycle in the Aerospace business. But the majority sits primarily in the semiconductor-related short-
cycle business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets. We'll come back to Deane. Our next
question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Andrew?

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. Can you hear me?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just a question, follow-up question. A, on China, when are you guys see China be accelerating? And
another question is, if I look at HPS and UOP, China has been a huge market, a huge source of growth.
And what we've been reading is because of these energy constraints in China, China is reassessing some
sort of more commoditized energy-intensive industries like textiles, but more importantly, chemicals.
We've read about some large chemical projects being canceled. What does it mean for sort of HPS and
UOP in China going forward?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Well, first of all, we actually -- just to give you a data point from Q3, our growth in China continues
to be robust. We were up high single digits in Q3, and we actually don't see that abating. So our position
in China continues to be very good. Our orders rate continuing to be -- there's -- as you know, there's
probably a focus in China right now to actually generate more energy, particularly to support the industry
right now that's happening in Q4. So we actually think that's going to create a very favorable investment
environment and business opportunity for us.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

And the other business opportunity for us, which we're very excited about, is a focus in China on
sustainability. And when we think about some of the UOP, HPS solutions and our Sustainability Technology
Solutions business, that's going to create a giant opportunity for us in China and frankly, one we're very
excited about. So we think that there's going to be kind of a twofold opportunity here. I think there's
going to be a reinvestment cycle in what I call a little bit more of the traditional energy, but really an
accelerated and more pronounced investment cycle in renewables. And as you know, we have a very
strong position in China, and we think we could be a major player in that sustainability plan.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Darius, many of the multi-industry peers you have been relatively acquisitive over the last 6 months. We
know Honeywell has been active also, but the level of activity has been maybe a little lower given the
size of your company. So is this just a function still of valuation being very high? And I know, Darius, you
spoke about this before. You've spoken last quarter, I think, just about being more aggressive with the
balance sheet. So what does that mean? Do you see a step-up for Honeywell and M&A-related activity
over the next year?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. I mean, I think M&A is sort of still the desired way to deploy capital. I mean, we just -- we have done
Sparta this year. Although it didn't require cash, we think the CQC Honeywell Quantum Solutions is a very
important and meaningful transaction. Yes, it's a merger, not a deployment of capital, whichever was,
it is a transaction that's critical for us. We just did Performix. It's smaller acquisition, but it's a critically
important one. And you see a little bit of a pattern, right? Sparta life sciences, Performix life sciences, we
like that segment, and we're going to continue to look.

Yes, with this kind of interest rate environment that we have today, the M&A market is overheated. It is
what it is. But I've said we're not going to stay on the sidelines forever. I mean, yes, versus any historical
metric, the multiples are high. But -- and I don't love it, but the market is what the market is. It doesn't
mean we're going to stay on the sidelines forever and wait for it to turn. I mean, it's been this way. I -- if
interest rates go up, I do think it will probably cool off a little bit, so which may allow us to keep it more
active. But we are active. We're looking at numerous deals. And nothing is 100% in the world of M&As,
but we're hopeful we're going to be able to get something done. And certainly want to deploy our capital
in that way, but it has to be the right business. It has to fit our technology orientation, has to get the right
value for us, although nothing is cheap these days. And we're thrilled with what we're doing with Sparta. I
think that's been -- looking back at this, it's been about 6 months plus since we've acquired that company.
It's going to be a winner. I'm very confident with that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Peter Arment from Baird. Peter?

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. Can you hear me?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes.

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

Darius, maybe you could just talk a little bit about how you're viewing SPS kind of margins, the outlook
going there. You talked a little bit about kind of improved mix and execution. But obviously, you're up
against some headwinds there in that business. You talked a little bit about supply chain and also just the
PP&E business declining. How should we think about just kind of the outlook improving margins in SPS?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Yes. Well, as you know, the fastest-growing business in SPS is Intelligrated. It is margin-dilutive.
We've been talking about that. And look, that business grew 60% this quarter. Any business growing at
that kind of pace is going to have some challenges. But you coupled that kind of level of growth, which
pulls on things like electronics, steel, metal, with the supply chain challenges we have. It's going to have
some efficiency challenges, particularly since it's -- there's a strong correlation between third-party buy,
our own manufacturing and installation. And when those things don't work together well, there are some
challenges. I can tell you we're investing heavily in that business to really prepare it to be a $4 billion,
$5 billion, $6 billion business, which is the path that it's on. So there's an investment play. There's an
efficiency play and so on. Having said that, a lot of our other businesses, such as AST, such as PSS had an
absolutely terrific quarter. PSS has been a great success story for us. It's winning in the marketplace. So
we think that this sort of margin challenge is going to abate over time, particularly as we made some of
the process improvements and investments in Intelligrated.

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I would just echo that. I mean, we've always talked about this as creating end market for ourselves
for -- to follow later with services and software, that's still our expectation. As Darius mentioned, when the
material availability doesn't match up with the installation labor, it becomes challenging. And that's really
what we're facing right now. We'll get through it. But it's this availability of material throughout the supply
chain creates some big challenges when you're seeing this type of growth.

Operator

Our next question comes from Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets. Deane, are you there?

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. Sorry, I was juggling multiple calls this morning. I want to circle back on a topic that Josh raised
and just the idea of UOP leading HPS. And it just begs the question about the oil and gas industry CapEx
cycle. It's really been slow to recover here. But now with the spike in oil prices, what's your expectation
on release of new projects? Even as simple as MRO has still been lagging as well. But what's your outlook
there, please?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Look, I think this is becoming fairly obvious, and we all read the same articles and see what's going
on, which is there's going to have to be a reinvestment cycle. As much as we all want sustainable and
renewable technologies to take over sort of the energy needs tomorrow, it's probably going to be a little
bit of a longer term. And it's very clear to me that there's going to be a reinvestment cycle. We're seeing
a good reinvestment cycle when I call some of the shorter project, refurbishment focused at the installed
base. But we're a strong believer that there's going to be a fairly strong reinvestment cycle in '22 and
'23. I think that's necessary. So we're bullish on that segment. And certainly, the price of oil, price of gas
support that kind of investment. I mean, if you look at gas and oil, I mean, they're very, very attractive
levels. What we need now is some level of stability. So that's good.

But let me give you a couple of other specific data points, Deane. Our renewable fuel orders this past
quarter were up 86%. I mean, I think we forget sometimes that we just characterize UOP as oil and
gas. It is not just oil and gas. It has an incredibly strong Green Fuels portfolio, which is winning in the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

marketplace. We've seen 86% growth. Also some of the energy storage controls orders were up 64%
this past quarter in our HPS business. So those are just a couple of data points for you that we are very
excited about the energy future. We have a portfolio that's going to play in it. Having said that, there's
going to have to be a reinvestment cycle in sort of what I call the whole energy infrastructure.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Joe?

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Guys, when I take a look at your performance just from a growth standpoint and what we're seeing from a
backlog orders perspective, HBT is probably the one where we're seeing the biggest disconnect.

And so I'm curious if you can maybe just provide a little bit more color on whether it's specific
components, labor, what specific regions you're really seeing some of these supply issues, supply constrain
issues and when we would expect some of that to alleviate for the growth to really pick up?

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. This is one of the places where the electronics shortages are very acute. And so just the fire business,
in particular, uses some very specific semiconductors, which have been extremely short. I think Doug
Wright and the supply chain team have done a very good job of trying to free up capacity from other
distribution points. They've also been doing -- we talked a little bit about the reengineering work. They've
done a lot of reengineering to try to include different chipsets into some of their platforms. So this one is
really pretty acutely tied to the whole capacity expansion that's going on in the fab industry. So I think
we're going to feel this. We talked about the fourth quarter and into the first half of the year. This is one
of the businesses, I think, we're going to feel that probably more than others. But it will come to an end. I
mean that -- I think it's a very -- it's not 1,000 parts. It's measured in like tens of parts here.

Operator

Our last question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

You guys noted to an earlier question that defense was down mid-single digits ex the supply chain issues.
Maybe could you parse a little bit about how much of that mid-single-digit decline came from U.S. DoD
O&M budgets declining versus international programs? And somewhat related to that, margins are still
growing pretty nicely despite the supply chain issues and the OE growth in the quarter in Aero. so is
defense materially lower? Or was there a better price in the segment?

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Maybe I'll take the last one first. I mean, think about the operating leverage that we're getting across
the portfolio, pretty heavy in Aerospace in particular. I mean, that was the -- we talked about our cost
reduction programs last year, and Aero was at the top of that list, PMT second in terms of the level of
fixed cost takeout. So part of what you're seeing from Aerospace in terms of almost 400 basis point
improvement is a big operating leverage that they're getting, even though it's on only 2% revenue growth.
In terms of the split between U.S. DoD and international, I think what we're seeing is similar to what we
spoke about before. I mean, the U.S. DoD and international bolt down from a demand perspective as
we're going through that recalibration, if you will, on some of the prebuying that had been done last year.
And we do see the supply chain issues that we're having are really in a lot of the mechanical spaces. So I
expect that we'll start seeing that improve as the supply chain, the Aerospace supply chain complex ramps
up into the fourth quarter and into the early part of next year. I don't know if, Torsten, do you want to
make a few comments on that?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

Torsten Pilz
Senior VP & Chief Supply Chain Officer

Yes. I mean this is -- we've seen this in '18, '19, and we were eventually able to grow this by 18%, 19%,
20% year-over-year, and this will kick in the next couple of years.

Operator

That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back
to Darius Adamczyk for any additional [ closings ]. Darius, over to you.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board & CEO

I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered strong third quarter results
and continued to navigate effectively through uncertainty, while gaining traction in key strategic growth
vectors and positioning ourselves to capitalize on improving key end markets. Thank you all for listening,
and please stay safe and healthy. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time. Have a wonderful
day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

