Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:HST
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 04, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.22)

Revenue  (mm)

600.98

(0.09)

649.00

NM

7.99

(0.19)

672.15

(0.89)

(0.01)

2642.66

4142.96

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-04-2021 1:24 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

(0.46)

(0.42)

(0.41)

(0.22)

(0.44)

(0.07)

(0.22)

(0.09)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

NM

NM

NM

NM

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jaime Marcus

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

ANALYSTS

Anthony Franklin Powell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Unknown Analyst

David Brian Katz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Joseph Bellisario
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Neil Lawrence Malkin
Capital One Securities, Inc.,
Research Division

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Smedes Rose
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
Today's call is being recorded.

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jaime, please go ahead.

Jaime Marcus

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made
today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our
filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause
future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these
forward-looking statements.

In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted
EBITDAre and hotel-level results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most
directly comparable GAAP information, in yesterday's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC
and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. Participating in today's
call with me will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.

And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Jaime, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. As the saying goes, the trend is
your friend, and that has certainly been the case for Host and the broader lodging sector since the first
quarter. While we are paying close attention to the Delta variant and the potential impacts to our business,
we are very pleased with the performance of our portfolio. We are seeing increased demand across all
business segments as market restrictions lift and the lodging recovery gains momentum. TSA passenger
throughput trends have accelerated since Memorial Day and are currently about 80% of 2019 levels
compared to 60% in April.

Leisure demand remains resilient and group and business transient volumes continue to trend in the right
direction. We significantly outperformed expectations and meaningfully beat consensus estimates on all
metrics in the second quarter. Our RevPAR increased 55% over the first quarter. We delivered positive
adjusted EBITDAre of $110 million, pro forma hotel EBITDA of $126 million and adjusted FFO per share
of $0.12. Each of these metrics saw meaningful sequential increases over the first quarter. For the second
quarter, pro forma revenues increased 54% over the first quarter, while hotel-level operating expenses
grew by only 32%.

The increase in revenues was driven by stronger-than-anticipated demand, continued expense savings
from redefining the operating model and slower-than-expected hiring in Sunbelt market. These factors
led to a 400% increase in pro forma hotel EBITDA in the second quarter versus the first quarter. We
are continuing to see green shoots across all aspects of our business as the lodging recovery gains
momentum. As a result, we are pleased to announce that as of August 1, all of our properties are open
and operating with the exception of our latest acquisition, the former Hotel Alessandra, which I'll discuss in
more detail shortly.

In tandem with the operational recovery, we are continuing to increase the expected EBITDA growth
profile of our portfolio and improve the quality of our assets by executing on our 3 strategic objectives,
which are to: redefine the hotel operating model; gain market share of renovated hotels; and strategically
allocate capital. As it relates to our capital allocation strategy, we closed on 2 more off-market acquisitions

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

since our last call in May. The Baker's Cay Resort in Key Largo and a former Hotel Alessandra, a luxury
downtown hotel in Houston Central Business District.

Along with our previously announced acquisitions, these 2 hotels bring our 2021 year-to-date acquisitions
to $1.1 billion at a 13.8x EBITDA multiple, which is based on 2019 EBITDA or projected normalized
operations in the case of Baker's Cay and the former Hotel Alessandra. After taking into account these 2
acquisitions, we have $1.3 billion of total available liquidity, including $139 million of FF&E reserves. As a
reminder, we discussed the acquisition of 2 hotels and 2 golf courses on Maui on our first quarter earnings
call.

We purchased the 448-room Hyatt Regency Austin for $161 million or $359,000 per key at a 10% cap rate
and 8.8x multiple on 2019 NOI and EBITDA, respectively. We also purchased the 444 key Four Seasons
Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort for $610 million or $1.4 million per key at a 4.7% cap rate
and 16.8x EBITDA multiple on 2019 NOI and EBITDA, respectively. We expect this iconic and irreplaceable
resort to stabilize between 12 and 14x EBITDA in the 2023 and 2025 time frame.

We also acquired the Royal Ka'anapali and Ka'anapali Kai Golf Courses in Maui for $28 million. All 3 of
these acquisitions are performing meaningfully ahead of our underwriting expectations. As of June, the
Hyatt Regency Austin is $4.1 million higher than our full year 2021 EBITDA forecast and the Four Seasons
Resort Orlando is $11.7 million higher. Additionally, the golf courses have an expected cash-on-cash return
of approximately 11% for the calendar year 2021.

Turning to our most recent acquisitions. First, the Baker's Cay Resort, Key Largo, a beach front property
and our first asset in the Florida Keys. We closed on this off-market acquisition on July 1 for $200 million
through a long-standing relationship with the seller. The resort was attractively priced at an estimated
6.2% cap rate and 14.5x EBITDA multiple on 2021 forecast. While the property was closed for much of
2019 as it went through an extended renovation, this 2021 forecast performance would rank 8th in our
2019 pro forma portfolio on both RevPAR and EBITDA per key.

Through opportunities we have identified to organically grow EBITDA at a property, we expect it to
stabilize at approximately 13x EBITDA between 2023 and 2025. The 200-room resort in Hilton's Curio
Collection is located on 13 acres of irreplaceable beachfront land on Key Largo's Gulf Coast. The resort
is in excellent condition after reopening in 2019 following a complete renovation totaling $63 million or
$315,000 per room. We are thrilled to have a presence in Key Largo as it benefits from the favorable
supply-demand dynamics of the keys while still being close to Mainland Florida. The resort is about an
hour's drive from the Miami Airport and is within a 5-hour drive for over 22 million Florida residents.

This proximity to the mainland also allows for greater access to labor relative to keys that are further
south. The Florida Keys are highly desirable from an owner's perspective given the unique supply and
demand dynamics in the market. A rate of growth ordinance ensures that new hotel rooms can only be
added if they replace existing entitled dwelling units, which has led to a 4% supply increase in the keys
from 2000 to 2019 versus 25% for the U.S. according to STR. That, in turn, has led the keys consistently
having leading upper upscale RevPAR and RevPAR growth as detailed in the Baker's Cay presentation on
our website.

Moving on to our most recent acquisition, the former Hotel Alessandra, a luxury downtown hotel in
Houston Central Business District. We opportunistically acquired this 223-room hotel for $65 million or
$291,000 per room on July 2 prior to a scheduled foreclosure auction. Our ability to source and close on
this distressed, off-market acquisition is truly a testament to Host's deep industry relationships, strong
balance sheet, and ability to close reliably and quickly.

Having recently opened in October 2017, this hotel is in excellent condition, and we expect little to no
capital to be invested in the near term. At $65 million, we purchased the hotel for an approximate 30%
discount to its $90 million development cost. The hotel is currently closed and is fully unencumbered by
brand and management. We have engaged HEI to operate this hotel with a nationally recognized brand
reservation system and loyalty program, thereby maximizing its attractiveness to business transient and
leisure guests.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

While this hotel had not reached stabilization in 2019, based on our forecast for normalized operations,
which assumes a new manager, brand and operations in line with the 2019 operations of comparable
Houston properties, the price would represent a 9.6% cap rate and 9.2x EBITDA multiple. Additionally,
we have identified a number of opportunities to explore with our new operator, which we believe will
increase the EBITDA growth profile of this hotel. We have deep knowledge of the Houston market, given
our existing ownership of 4 hotels in the city.

The former Hotel Alessandra is part of the GreenStreet mixed-use development in the center of downtown
Houston, which has the second largest concentration of public companies in the U.S., including 24 Fortune
500 companies. In addition, Houston is the #2 U.S. metropolitan area by job growth according to the
Bureau of Labor Statistics, and the CBD grew RevPAR by 10% from 2016 to 2019. In total, we have
invested $1.1 billion in early cycle acquisitions thus far in 2021 at a 13.8x EBITDA multiple.

This compares favorably to the $3.5 billion of assets we disposed of at a blended 17x EBITDA multiple
between 2018 and 2020. We continue to believe this is an opportune time to improve the quality of our
portfolio by investing in markets with high expected growth. Our early cycle investments have historically
provided years of elevated EBITDA growth alongside periods of strong economic recovery.

Moving on to operations. We are excited to announce that we have reopened the 3 remaining hotels that
have previously suspended operations. The ibis Rio de Janeiro opened on May 10 and The Westin River
North opened on May 19. Sheraton Boston reopened on August 1, well ahead of our expectations due to
an increase in group business demand With the exception of our newly acquired hotel in Houston, which
we expect to open later this year, our portfolio is now fully open and ready to take advantage of the next
lodging cycle.

Looking at second quarter operations, the recovery momentum continued to play out, driven once again
by robust rates in our resort market as leisure demand was stronger than anticipated after the spring
holidays. Portfolio-wide pro forma RevPAR sequentially improved each month, and we ended the second
quarter with RevPAR just shy of $100. June RevPAR came in at over $111 representing a 25% increase
over March and preliminary July RevPAR is expected to be in the mid-$130 range.

Portfolio hotel-level EBITDA has remained positive each month since March, with 52 hotels delivering
positive EBITDA in the second quarter, representing 56% of rooms, an increase from 31 hotels,
representing 31% of rooms achieved in the first quarter of '21. We were particularly encouraged that
June was the first month that our nonresort portfolio also realized positive hotel EBITDA driven by our
properties in San Diego, San Antonio and New Orleans. As markets have lifted restrictions, demand has
also improved at our urban hotels.

Transient room nights in New York, New Orleans, San Francisco and Chicago grew significantly from the
first quarter to the second quarter with New York up over 200%. Importantly, both room nights and rates
have increased steadily each month since March. Leisure market weekly occupancy ended at 62% the last
week in June, a 3 percentage point increase over the end of the first quarter. Urban and downtown market
weekly occupancy recovery continues to be promising, finishing the quarter at 43%, up 15 percentage
points from the beginning of the quarter with ADR up over 10% quarter-over-quarter.

Turning to business mix. Pent-up leisure demand at our resorts has spilled over into the summer months
and continues to lead the operational recovery. In the second quarter, both rate and revenue at all of
our resorts not only exceeded our first quarter results but also surpassed 2019 levels. Resort revenue
increased approximately $50 million over 2019 driven by 35,000 more room nights sold with a remarkable
$95 increase in rates. This is particularly noteworthy as substantial room night increases have historically
resulted in rate erosion. In the second quarter, 11 of our resorts had rates more than 25% above the
second quarter of 2019.

Transitioning to group demand. Our hotels sold nearly 344,000 group room nights in the second quarter,
up 29% to first quarter. As a result, group revenue was up 39% over the first quarter, which includes an
8% rate improvement. Group demand in the second quarter was mostly concentrated in Sunbelt markets,
although Boston and Denver were also contributors. We were encouraged to see meaningful month-over-
month growth in both corporate and association group business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Looking forward, we currently have 1.2 million group rooms booked in the second half of the year, which is
up approximately 20% since our last earnings call. Of the roughly 200,000 net group room nights booked
in the second quarter for the second half of 2021, we are encouraged that over 2/3 of them were booked
in Houston, Boston, New York and Denver. Net booking activity for 2022 also improved each month in the
second quarter, resulting in 213,000 room nights booked. Our managers remain focused on holding future
group rates, thus ADR on the books is slightly higher than the same period in 2019.

We now have 2.4 million definite group room nights on the books, which represents 50% of 2019 actual
group room nights. For comparison, in the second quarter of 2019 definite group room nights on the
books for 2020 were 60% of 2019 actuals. Our group bookings for 2023 are echoing a very similar story.
As of the second quarter, our net booking activity for 2023 totals 109,000 rooms, which sequentially
increased each month in the quarter. In addition, our average rate on the books is slightly above levels for
the same time in 2019.

Finishing with business transient, we remain encouraged by the sequential growth we are seeing in
this segment. Special corporate rooms sold in the second quarter were up over 100% compared to the
first quarter, driven by growth in Denver, Texas, California, New York and Atlanta. We are also seeing
booking activity come back from traditional top accounts, which include a mix of financial, government and
consulting companies. We continue to believe that business transient demand will evolve post Labor Day
with school back in session and the return to office for many companies.

We are pleased to have shown a monthly average growth rate of nearly 30% in business transient room
nights and revenue since January of this year. As I wrap up my comments, I would like to reiterate the
incremental EBITDA we expect to achieve as we emerge from the pandemic into a new lodging cycle. Our
acquisitions year-to-date provide us an estimated pro forma 2019 hotel EBITDA base of $1.570 billion.
While it makes sense to think of 2019 as the base year, the timing of a return to 2019 levels of the hotel
EBITDA remains highly uncertain, particularly given the unprecedented pandemic-driven nature of the
downturn.

The recovery may span several years, and our portfolio is likely to continue to evolve over that time. In
addition, we expect $145 million to $220 million of annual incremental EBITDA on a stabilized basis over
time coming from 3 strategic directives. First, redefining the operating model with our managers, which is
expected to generate $100 million to $150 million of potential long-term expense savings based on 2019
revenues. We have taken initial steps towards 50% to 60% of these savings to date.

Second, gaining an expected 3 to 5 points of weighted RevPAR index growth at the 16 Marriott
transformational capital program hotels as well as 5 other hotels where major renovations have recently
been completed or are underway. As part of the Marriott program, during the second quarter, we
completed the Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island and we will complete the multiyear transformation of the
New York Marriott Marquis in 2 weeks. We expect to complete approximately 85% of the Marriott
transformational capital program by year-end. The 5 other major renovations have expected completion
dates through 2023.

We expect these repositionings to generate $21 million to $35 million of annual incremental EBITDA
on a stabilized basis over time. And finally, we expect to generate $25 million to $35 million of annual
incremental EBITDA on a stabilized basis from recently completed and ongoing ROI development projects
with expected completion dates by the end of 2022. Renovation and development projects typically take
2 to 3 years to stabilize after completion. And as these projects are at different stages of the process,
stabilization will occur over several years.

During the quarter, we completed the development of a new water park at The Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort,
Naples and additional villas at the Andaz Maui at Wailea Resort. The 19 two-bedroom luxury villas
achieved occupancy of 73% in the first full month of operation at an average rate of over $1,600. This
compares favorably to our underwriting assumptions of mid-30% occupancy at an average rate of over
$1,400 for the full year 2021. To conclude my remarks, we are very encouraged by the operational
recovery we are seeing at our hotels and across the lodging industry as demand accelerates. While we
continue to monitor the potential impacts of the Delta variant, we remain optimistic and well positioned

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

to execute on our long-term goal of increasing the EBITDA growth profile and improving the quality of our
portfolio.

With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav.

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on second
quarter cash flow, operating expenses and our view on revenue and expense trends for the back half of
2021. During the second quarter, we generated positive cash flow from operations for the first time since
the onset of the pandemic. Starting with pro forma hotel EBITDA of $126 million and backing out $65
million, the majority of which is made up of interest and corporate overhead, we generated $61 million of
cash during the quarter.

If you take into account our ongoing capital expenditure program, which totaled $87 million for the
second quarter and include the ROI projects, maintenance CapEx and the Marriott transformational
capital program, our net cash outflow was only $26 million. In addition, we maintained a strong liquidity
position with $1.3 billion of cash, including $139 million of FF&E reserves after adjusting for our 2 hotel
acquisitions in July. And we have no debt maturities until October 2023.

Moving on to expenses. Total operating costs in the second quarter rose by only 32% compared to the first
quarter despite a 54% increase in total revenues. Beginning in March, we proactively increased rate in our
leisure markets given a demand surge and benefited from outsized out-of-room spend. That said, the slow
pace of hiring by our operators caused operating expenses to remain unsustainably low, which we do not
expect to continue. Variable expenses were down 59% relative to a total revenue decline of 54% when
compared to the second quarter of 2019. These figures had kept pace with each other through February.
But since March, revenues have come back faster than variable expenses. We expect this gap to narrow as
we progress through 2021 and hiring increases to levels more in line with demand.

Fixed expenses, including wages and benefits, were 32% lower than the second quarter of 2019 and 18%
higher than last quarter. Hotel operating costs such as contract services, maintenance and utility costs
was a driver of this modest quarter-over-quarter increase as some traditionally fixed expenses came back
with increased business volumes. As it relates to above-property shared service expenses, both Marriott
and Hyatt continue to provide cost relief and flexibility for services. Areas of savings in the second quarter
include above-property sales and marketing, revenue management and IT costs.

As a reminder, we introduced the expense reduction ratio several quarters ago to measure the change in
property level expenses against the change in total revenue over a comparable pro forma time period in
2019. During the second quarter, our expense reduction ratio came in at 0.84, which means that for every
10% decline in hotel revenue compared to pro forma second quarter 2019 there was an 8.4% reduction in
expenses. For reference, in the second quarter of 2021, total operating expenses were down 46% versus
2019 on revenues down 54%.

This is the second quarter in a row that our expense reduction ratio came in much higher than our
anticipated range of 0.65 to 0.70. While this is positive for profitability, this level of expense reduction
is not sustainable in the long run, and it reflects the hiring challenges our operators are facing in certain
markets. Our ratio in the second quarter also reflects better-than-expected ADR as well as tight expense
control by our operators. Had our rates been closer to our forecast and hiring ramped up as expected, we
estimate that our second quarter expense reduction ratio would have been 0.72.

As we think about the second half of 2021, we are anticipating an expense reduction ratio in the 0.75 to
0.80 range. This partly reflects a rate decline in the third quarter, driven by a shift in the mix of business
as properties ramp up operations. In addition, expense levels are anticipated to be more normalized
as hiring continues ramping up in the labor challenged markets. Moving to our top line outlook, we are
still unable to provide guidance at this time. That said, similar to the second quarter, we expect strong
momentum in our top line growth trajectory in the second half of the year as business transient and group
volumes increase.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

We continue to expect occupancy gains to drive RevPAR increases over the second half of the year. As a
reminder, we expect that rates will decline in the third quarter before ticking back up in the fourth quarter
as the extended peak season we have benefited from and our high-rated leisure market shifts towards
lower-rated markets. We are still expecting steady increases in business transient and group demand with
more pronounced increases beginning after Labor Day in conjunction with the return to office for many
companies.

We expect this to primarily benefit corporate and association group business. Based on a global business
travel association survey in July, 63% of companies plan to resume domestic business travel in the next
1 to 3 months, which is up 35 points from the March survey. We continue to expect leisure travel to drive
total RevPAR at our properties, particularly as key demand drivers return to normal operations in urban
markets. Finally, during the quarter, we opportunistically issued 7.8 million shares of common stock
through our at-the-market program at approximately $18 per share resulting in total net proceeds of $138
million.

We have $460 million of remaining issuance capacity under our ATM program but we want to emphasize
that our $1.3 billion cash balance is sizable, and the trajectory of cash from operations is expected
to continue to increase. With that in mind, we will continue to be opportunistic with respect to our
future issuances. To conclude, we are very pleased with the progression of the lodging recovery and the
milestones we have achieved over the past few quarters. We continue to see increasing demand across
all parts of our business at a faster pace than we expected, and we remain optimistic that this lodging
recovery will continue to gain momentum through the course of 2021.

Given our strong balance sheet, we remain very well positioned to execute on our goal of increasing the
EBITDA growth profile and improving the quality of our portfolio, particularly given the strong recovery
that is underway. We continue to make significant progress on redefining the operating model with our
managers, increasing market share at renovated assets and strategically allocating capital.
With that, we would be happy to take any questions. To ensure we have time to address questions from as
many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Smedes Rose from Citi.

Smedes Rose
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I guess my 1 question would just be, could you talk a little bit more about the decision to issue shares on
your ATM relative, I think, to your own guidance around net asset value and what looks like to be fairly
strong liquidity position already going into this?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Smedes. Happy to do that. We always are looking at opportunistic ways to raise capital, to redeploy
capital into areas that are going to enhance the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio going forward.
As we think about valuation and NAV, which we don't talk about, we've never published it, and we won't
talk about it today, our NAV changes at a point in time. It moves based on facts and circumstances and
conditions, and we're in a very volatile environment. We thought it was an opportune time to raise some
cash, not a lot, given the acquisition pipeline that's out there. We were looking at Baker’s Cay at the
time and some other deals at the time. So we just felt it was prudent to raise some equity around those
acquisitions. And as Sourav made clear, it wasn't a lot of money and we do have ample liquidity on the
balance sheet today, and we'll see where the future takes us.

Operator

Next question today is coming from Neil Malkin from Capital One Securities.

Neil Lawrence Malkin
Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division

My question is about acquisitions kind of what you were talking about a second ago. Can you just talk
about what the pipeline looks like in terms of -- are you underwriting more deals than you were 30, 60
days ago? Do you have a specific focus of assets you prefer in the current environment? And just kind of
give us a sense for what your capacity is right now under the waivers? I know it changes given your cash
flow position. So can you just talk about that, that would be great.

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Neil. I will tell you, it is a -- really very much a variable pipeline today. Deals come into the pipeline,
we evaluate them and make a decision whether or not to pursue something. And it's hard to say really
where we were 30, 60 days ago today. Going forward, it can change in a matter of a day. As we think
about the types of acquisitions that we're interested in, I think if you look at what we've acquired to date
in 2021, $1.1 billion. Two of the assets were -- would really fall into the opportunistic category. As we
talked about in February on the call, with an objective of moving beyond the typical markets that we're
prepared to invest in, we were really casting a wider net. And a wider net allowed us to do 2 really great
opportunistic distressed deals, 1 being the Hyatt Regency in Austin that we bought at roughly a 25%
discount to prepandemic values and then the Hotel Alessandra, which we just recently closed on at a 30%
discount to true development costs. The hotel was just completed construction and opened in 2017.

So of course, we will continue to look for more opportunities along those lines. I think that 1 of the
big stories of the pandemic that has played out is that there hasn't been as much distress out there
as everyone thought there was going to be. As you know, there were a lot of funds raised to go buy
distressed hospitality assets. And there just hasn't been that much trading in the distressed market. The
other piece of it is, we'll continue to look at resorts, complex assets that we feel we can add a lot of value

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

to. I mean if you look at the past performance of some of the properties that we have purchased like the
one Hotel South Beach, performance of that asset has been off the charts. From a supply perspective,
resorts and big box hotels have a lower supply growth of any asset class in hospitality. So we'll continue to
look at those deals as well.

Lastly, I haven't seen it yet, but I expect that we may be seeing assets come to market in some of the
urban markets as things continue to open up, and we get back to a sense of more visibility with respect
to underwriting. I think you'll see some of those assets trade. And by no means are we writing off the
major urban markets. So I would tell you that, generally, we don't have a red line through any market
today in the domestic United States, that is. I mean we're not interested in going offshore at this point in
time. And it's a wide swathe. We still continue to believe that we are at the beginning of a lodging cycle.
We feel that we're at the beginning of an economic cycle. We have some bumps in the road here today, in
particular, with some of the earnings reports that were out there and the hiring report, the jobs report that
was published this morning, but we feel we have a good run ahead of us. So we're interested in deploying
capital smartly and accretively to benefit our shareholders.

Operator

Your next question is coming from Bill Crow from Raymond James.

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Jim, there's a tremendous bid for assets out there and the pricing that we've seen on a per key basis
has been off the charts. Is this just a good time for Host to sit back and reevaluate its portfolio and the
breadth of quality up and down the portfolio? And I'm just curious about any current or proposed plans to
sell maybe a large number of assets in order to narrow that quality focus.

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Bill, the old saying goes, if you can't buy, it's time to sell, right? And we've been fortunate that we've
been able to deploy $1.1 billion through roughly the first half of this year. Concurrently with that, we are
thinking about disposing of assets that maybe don't fit the long-term profile of our portfolio. Not that
there's anything wrong with these assets but there are certain hotels that aren't a Host fit going forward.
So of course, we'll test the market.

It would be folly if we didn't and we're going to do the prudent thing and we will see if there is a bid out
there that we feel make sense for us. We would take the capital that we raised from asset dispositions and
redeploy that either into our existing portfolio through additional ROI projects or additional acquisitions
that more fit our long-term growth profile and enhance the overall EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio.

Operator

Your next question is coming from Anthony Powell from Barclays.

Anthony Franklin Powell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a question on the second half. You guys seem pretty confident that you're going to see business
transient and group come back, though, there is a worry in the market that say, July, maybe kind of a
peak RevPAR for the year, given a lot of leisure travel, holiday, 4th of July and that you could see some
bumps in the road in October and November with Delta variants or whatnot. Just maybe going to why
you're confident that you think you can continue to get sequential RevPAR increases through the rest of
the year, given all the uncertainty?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Yes. Let me -- I'll start on this, Anthony, and I'll ask Sourav jump in as well. On the group side, let me talk
about group and then Sourav can talk about -- we got a lot of feedback there. Okay. I'll talk about group.
What we said on the call today is that we picked up 200,000 definite group room nights for the second half
of the year in the second quarter. That's a 20% pop over where we were when we spoke with you after the
first quarter earnings release. So we now have 1.2 million group room nights on the books for the second
quarter, which is greater than 50% of where we were in 2019. So we continue to be encouraged because
of the fact that it's a sequential increase in group room night bookings. Over 2/3 of the group room nights
that were booked in the second quarter were split out among several markets. So there wasn't any 1
market concentration.

Just to give you a little color. Houston, we picked up 53,000 room nights; Boston, 23,000; Phoenix,
19,000; New York; and Denver also had pick ups in the quarter. So that gives us a lot of encouragement
that the groups definitely want to get back out and they want to meet. There is no question about it.
Convention centers are reopening in our key markets. And I think the trend on group is very healthy.
Sourav -- I'll let Sourav chat a little bit about what we're seeing on the business transient front because
that's another segment that obviously -- this is playing out exactly as we all thought it would when we
entered the pandemic leisure first -- robust leisure travel, robust leisure demand followed by BT and then
group. So we can talk a little bit about BT as well.

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Anthony, on the BT front, I mean, Jim mentioned in his prepared remarks, how we've seen sequential
improvement since the beginning of this year, every single month. And that's actually through the third
week of July. It's effectively a 30% increase in BT room nights every month. So when you look at Q2
versus Q1, it was effectively over a 100% increase in BT. And what's actually encouraging on the BT that's
on the total portfolio, 1/3 of that increase is being driven by urban markets. So when we see sort of our
Q2 numbers, I'll put some numbers around this, our total portfolio we did about 150,000 room nights. And
of that, 43,000 room nights is from our urban hotels. As we think about how we progress to -- from Q3 to
Q4, second half of the year, obviously, it's still lower than 2019 levels, but we would expect by the time we
get to the fourth quarter to get to about 50% to 55% of BT levels relative to '19.

When I'm saying BT, this is specifically special corporate, just to clarify. But to the point on rate, I do want
to say that we have -- as we did say earlier that we would see sequential decline in rate, even though
you would see sequential improvement in RevPAR and that holds true. I mean you saw that happen in
the second quarter. We were down quarter-over-quarter in rates. We would expect that to continue into
Q3. And then Q4, we would expect that rate to be more similar to Q2 based on the information we have
available today. So while we will see RevPAR improvement sequentially, we will see a rate decline and we
expect a rate decline in the third quarter.

Operator

Our next question is coming from [ Chris Darling from Main Street ].

Unknown Analyst

Piggybacking off Bill's earlier question, is it safe to say that the international portfolio doesn't fit the
longer-term strategy of the company? And if so, could you maybe discuss the level of investor appetite
there might be for those hotels?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Chris, if you look at the international exposure, I don't have the exact EBITDA percentage contribution
coming out of Brazil in 2019. I don't know if Sourav or anyone else on the team can dig that up. We have
3 hotels in Brazil. The biggest 1 being the JW Marriott in Rio in Copacabana Beach and then 2 small core
properties, which I would consider "international assets." Those are the only true international assets
we have. The other 2 are based in Canada. One is a Marriott in Calgary and the other is the Marriott
in Toronto at Eaton Center. So I don't paint 1 -- all those assets with 1 brush. I think at some point in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

time, we will sell the assets in Brazil. Brazil has faced a lot of challenges today. But if you look at it in
the context of EBITDA contribution and investment relative to the Host enterprise value, it's really, quite
frankly, de minimis.

Operator

Your next question today is coming from Aryeh Klein from BMO Capital Markets.

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just following up on the business trending question. As far as that recovery is concerned, you're obviously
seeing momentum. But how impendent is that recovery on business travel on the return to office. We've
obviously seen some companies push out a little bit. Can they be independent of one and another? And
has your thinking changed in any way just at that pace of recovery in September, October?

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes, absolutely. I think they certainly can be independent of 1 other. And frankly, we're seeing that right
now where a lot of the offices -- they haven't opened yet, but the folks are actually traveling on business
already, whether it's BT or attending conferences. So we're certainly seeing that. We are no exception at
Host as well. We -- our offices are opening post Labor Day officially, but we have all been already on the
road and going out to conferences. And that threw up a lot of the financial services companies out there.
So I do think they're sort of not tied to each other. And then certainly, we expect that BT momentum
to continue. The other thing I'll point out is a lot of companies on a lot of the large accounts, they don't
need the high-level approval anymore from their department head or their CEO in some cases to travel.
That has been lifted. So travel has become much easier for a lot of these -- the top accounts, and we are
certainly seeing that in the numbers as well. And a lot of these have not actually opened up their offices.

Operator

Your next question is coming from Rich Hightower from Evercore ISI.

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

We've covered a lot of ground already. But I want to circle back to the ATM issuance question and the
question around NAV. And I'm not obviously looking for Host's estimate of its NAV, but more of a question
on methodology and how you think about cost of equity in an environment where stock prices are volatile.
EBITDA and NOI are obviously not anywhere near back to a stabilized level. So how should we think about
it? I mean, is it a function of street NAVs? Is it a function of a longer-term IRR analysis internally? Is it a
private market assessment of what every asset in the portfolio would trade for? How do we think about
methodology given the moving parts right now?

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. We look at multiple metrics, frankly, when we are looking at NAV. It's not just isolated whether it's
the CAPM model or an IRR. It's multiple metrics. And as you can appreciate right now, as Jim pointed out,
when you're in a volatile environment, frankly, it's really a day-to-day asset size depending on what we
think the forecast looks like, not only for the balance of the year, but really from a long-term perspective.
We're always trying to take a long-term view to see what makes the most sense to determine what our
cost of equity would be. But especially in a volatile environment, it's very difficult to pinpoint NAV at any
given point in time.

Operator

Our next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies.

David Brian Katz

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to go back to the labor issue, which I know you commented on a little bit and make sure
that what I'm hearing is the notion that labor does become increasingly expensive. And is the strategy
to match ramping up labor with demand, or is there some mechanisms for trying to mitigate some of the
higher costs that I think have been kind of broadly discussed and recognized? What are the strategies
around that?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Yes. The issue around labor is it really varies market by market. We have seen the greatest level of
staffing challenges in the markets where demand quickly returned such as South Florida, Atlanta, Texas
and Phoenix. And we are in constant dialogue with our operators on the hiring process. And they are really
keen on dedicating the resources that are necessary to ramp up hiring. We're seeing a slight increase in
applicant flow over the last 4 weeks or so, 4 or 5 weeks. And we pinpoint that to we believe that, that is
due to the fact that the Supplemental Unemployment Benefits are -- have run out or will be running out in
about 25 states.

And come September 6, the Supplemental Unemployment Benefit expires across the nation. So hourly
labor is tougher to find in the Sunbelt. But the management labor is the challenge in the more northern
markets right now. So as we think about it, we're not really overly concerned about wage inflation.
Sourav can share some numbers on where we are with respect to $15 wage across our portfolio. This is
something we looked at. This is something we think about. And as you can see from what we've been able
to accomplish to date, we have a keen focus on expense control and cost control. So I'll turn it over to
Sourav to talk a little bit about the wage scale in our hotels.

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. For our entire portfolio, as it stands right now, over 80% of our portfolio is paying its hourly
employees $15 or greater. And I would say it's about -- it's less than 9% of our portfolio that's paying $14
or less. So a very small portion of our portfolio is actually below $14.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. I know you've talked a bit already about how you think about asset value. But just kind of circling
back to that kind of $2 billion budget for acquisitions. You've done some capital market activity to
negotiate that and you're, I guess, $1.1 billion into that. Do you anticipate needing to make changes or do
some other capital markets activity to be able to go above that $2 billion?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

I think there are a couple of pieces to your question, Robin. Number one is we have the ability under our
existing credit waiver agreement to acquire $2 billion of assets subject to our maintaining $600 million
of liquidity in the company. That's point number one. The second piece of it is that we do have some
flexibility on asset sales to take that capital and redeploy it into other acquisitions going forward. I think
Sourav can correct me here because it's been a while since we talked about the waiver.

But if it's like kind exchanges, we have a lot of flexibility to do that going forward. And then we have
another bucket that just allows us to recycle capital. So we have a lot of flexibility under the existing credit
waiver agreement to continue to acquire assets. And if we saw ourselves in a position where there were
really truly attractive acquisition opportunities out there, and we needed to get more flexibility given our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

long-standing relationship with our bank group, we would have no problem going back and having a chat
with them and getting an amendment to the existing waiver that's in place today.

Operator

Our final question today is coming from Michael Bellisario from Baird.

Michael Joseph Bellisario
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

This is kind of a follow-up on that last question for Sourav. But maybe kind of along those same lines,
what's your latest thought on opting out of the covenant relief period early? And then maybe when do
you think you might be in compliance with your bond covenants so that you would be able to take on
incremental debt at some point?

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. I mean if you recall, we were first expecting that we wouldn't breakeven until the second half of this
year. We'll obviously broken even much earlier than that. So the expectation, assuming the trajectory
of the recovery remains same and we see the positive trend that we have seen thus far for the first half
of the year. We would certainly be able to get out of the waiver sooner rather than later. That's only the
expectation. Obviously, we're not providing guidance. There's still uncertainty. But if the trajectory goes
the way it is, we should be able to get out a bit sooner.

Operator

Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over
to Jim for any further or closing comments.

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on our call today. We always appreciate the opportunity to discuss
our quarterly results with you. I look forward to seeing everybody at NAREIT in November. And as we get
back on the road, I look forward to getting some non-deal roadshows on the books, in-person meetings as
the economy and the lodging industry continues to open up. So enjoy the rest of the summer, be well and
stay healthy, and thank you for your continued support.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this
time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

