Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 

NasdaqGS:HBAN
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 22, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.25

0.27

Revenue  (mm)

1224.55

1247.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-22-2020 1:35 PM GMT

8.00

1.83

0.31

0.73

0.93

1266.50

4850.10

4764.13

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.31

0.25

0.07

0.25

0.31

0.03

0.13

0.27

SURPRISE

0.00 %

(88.00 %)

85.71 %

8.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor
Relations

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief
Credit Officer

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

ANALYSTS

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Brocker Clinton Vandervliet
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

David Alan George
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jon Glenn Arfstrom
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Sun Young Lee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Please go ahead.

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Melissa. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies
of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website,
www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about 1
hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO;
Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer.

As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements.
Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to
changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no
obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to
this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings.

Let me now turn it over to Steve.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. Slide 3 provides an overview of
Huntington's strategy to build the leading people-first, digitally-powered bank in the nation, which the
Board affirmed this year in our multiyear strategic planning process. Huntington's strategies are delivering
long-term revenue growth.

As our third quarter results demonstrate, we're driving revenue growth despite headwinds of the current
environment. We're focused on acquiring new customers and deepening those relationships to gain
both market share and share of wallet. We are investing in customer-centric products, services and
infrastructure that will drive sustainable growth and outperformance, both today and for the years to
come.

Huntington has built a competitive advantage with our consistently superior customer service and our
differentiated products and services. We are committed to developing best-in-class digital capabilities like
our mobile banking app, which has been honored by J.D. Power 2 years in a row, and our online banking,
which was #2 in this year's J.D. Power study.

In the past few weeks, we introduced several new innovative products and features that will continue to
serve our customers' needs and differentiate Huntington from our competition. First, we extended 24-Hour
Grace to businesses, and we then introduced our no fee overdrafts $50 Safety Zone for both consumers
and businesses. And finally, earlier this week, we announced our latest innovation, Huntington Lift Local
Business, a $25 million micro-lending program that capitalizes on our best-in-the-nation SBA lending
expertise to better serve minority, women, and veteran-owned businesses.

We've intentionally diversified business models, balanced between commercial and consumer, which
provides diversification of revenue and credit risk. We have a proven track record of solid execution,
adjusting our operating plans to the environment in order to drive shareholder returns. This has allowed
us to deliver 7 consecutive years of positive operating leverage, and I expect 2020 will be our eighth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

This focused execution has and will enable us to ensure investment in the products, people and digital
capabilities that will drive sustainable long-term growth and outperformance.

Turning to Slide 4 for an update on our digital and branch strategies. Following the completion of the
FirstMerit acquisition in 2016, we began the evolution of our consumer go-to-market strategy from being
branch-centric to a powerful multichannel model that includes leading digital channels.

We introduced The Hub, which forms the backbone of our award-winning mobile app and our online
banking platform. That evolution has accelerated this year with increased customer adoption of mobile
and digital products and services, and we are successfully driving digital sales and originations as well as
changing and expanding the branch experience to include virtual and digital -- digitally assisted delivery.

Our branch sales activity is almost back to pre-COVID levels. It's about 95% today. But we're seeing an
accelerating evolution of the way our customers use branches. Simpler transactions are rapidly moving
into faster and easier mobile and digital venues. This transition is allowing our branch bankers to focus on
providing more valuable advice and focusing on deepening our customer relationships, all ways of looking
out for our customers.

As we've discussed previously and as shown on the bottom of the slide, Huntington regularly evaluates
and optimizes our branch distribution. Since the completion of the FirstMerit acquisition in 2016, we've
reduced our branch count by 263 branches or 24%. This includes the consolidation of 99 branches or 9%
as part of the integration; the sale of 32 branches in Wisconsin; and the consolidation of an additional 132
branches or 4% annually on average since 2016. Last month, we announced the planned consolidation of
27 additional branches or 3% in the 2021 first quarter.

We're pleased with the high retention levels post consolidation of deposits due to the strong foundational
relationships with our customers and the close proximity to other Huntington branches as we've
maintained our branch share position in almost all markets. This thoughtful branch network optimization
strategy allows us to continue to capitalize on our competitive advantages around convenience, our brand
promise and customer service.

If you did not listen to Andy Harmening's presentation on our digital transformation at an investor
conference in early September, I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website, where you can
listen to the replay and see the presentation materials. I believe our digital strategy and our execution of
that strategy is generating industry-leading results.

We delivered very strong third quarter results, including a record level of pretax pre-provision earnings,
thanks to continued solid execution across the bank in the face of the continued challenging operating
environment. I'm particularly pleased with our year-over-year revenue growth as earning asset growth
more than offset NIM compression to drive spread revenue modestly higher, while fee income growth was
bolstered by the second consecutive quarter of record mortgage banking income.

The performance of our home lending team was outstanding, as they originated more than $3.8 billion
in mortgages for the second consecutive quarter. To frame that for you, our previous high-water mark
for any quarter was $2.5 billion of mortgage originations in the fourth quarter of last year. Our combined
mortgage production over the past 2 quarters was greater than we did in all of 2018 and roughly the same
as in all of 2019.

So these accomplishments are the direct result of the successful build-out of this team and our
investments in our digital mortgage lending platform over the past several years. We're well positioned
to capitalize on the current mortgage environment and the near-term outlook remains strong. Given the
prolonged low interest rate outlook, we've implemented a comprehensive action plan to stabilize NIM near
current levels over the long term. Zach will cover this and more in his remarks.

We continue to closely manage our expenses. A significant portion of the year-over-year increase in
expenses resulted from restructuring costs related to implementation of expense management program
we announced last quarter and elevated variable costs to support our record home lending business
volumes. As we've previously discussed, our efforts have been to manage expenses so that we can
allocate investments to our strategic growth initiatives.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Looking forward, we remain optimistic of the continuing economic recovery. The unprecedented level of
government stimulus has supported both individuals and many companies, and we're very pleased with
the number of customers exiting forbearance arrangements.

Our consumer lending businesses, which as you've seen in our quarterly originations dated -- provided
for over a decade, are focused on super prime customers, and they're performing very well. Mortgage,
auto and RV/Marine are all continuing to post strong originations. Commercial lending has been restrained
by the economic uncertainty, with many customers shepherding elevated levels of liquidity, paying down
revolvers and putting off new investment spending.

We continue to see improvement in commercial pipelines that we mentioned last quarter, and based on
the conversations we've had with our customers, we expect these levels of elevated liquidity to persist for
some time. We're cautiously optimistic that C&I loan growth will improve later this year and early next
year.

The timing of forgiveness around the PPP loans remains uncertain. But I would like to take a moment to
share that Huntington was the nation's largest SBA 7(a) lender for the third consecutive year in the SBA's
fiscal year ended September 30. We're the largest 7(a) lender in our footprint for the 12th year in a row.

Small businesses are such a vital component of our economy and the nascent economic recovery as they
consistently account for the lion's share of jobs created in our country. Particularly in this pandemic,
these businesses deserve and need our support and I hope these businesses are the focus of any future
government stimulus package.

Our third quarter credit metrics reflect stable to improving trends across most portfolios and included
elevated charge-offs from the sale of more oil and gas loans. During the quarter, many customers
successfully exited prior pandemic-related deferral programs. The underlying portfolio metrics reflect
our continued expectation for outperformance through this cycle. Our credit loss reserves take into
consideration the economic uncertainty that we continue to have the virus, both in duration and severity.
We believe we're adequately covered should the pandemic continue to prolong the economic recovery.

Our capital ratios remain within our targeted ranges. This morning, we announced that the Board declared
a fourth quarter cash dividend of $0.15 per common share, unchanged from the prior quarter. We are
currently finalizing our submission for the off-cycle CCAR. We are seeking approval and expect to increase
our capital return to shareholders in 2021.

In closing, I'm encouraged by the momentum I can see building across our businesses. Our colleagues are
actively engaging with our customers and prospects. Customer activity is improving month by month. We
see improved debit card activity. Sales activity in the branches is almost back to pre-COVID levels, and our
pipelines have been replenished in many of our businesses over the past several months.

We recently made some key additions to our commercial team, notably within our asset finance, capital
markets and corporate banking teams, and have conversations ongoing with additional revenue producers.
We're receiving very, very positive feedback and early results from the new 24-Hour Grace for business
and the $50 Safety Zone product features for consumers and businesses that we rolled out in September.

Our credit quality through the early months of this pandemic has held up well, and we're confident in the
quality of our loan portfolios. I'm conscious that the economic outlook remains somewhat uncertain in the
near term, but overall, I like what I see and I'm optimistic about our outlook over time.

Now let me turn it over to Zach for an overview of financial performance. Zach?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 provides the financial highlights for the 2020 third
quarter. We reported earnings per common share of $0.27; return on average assets was 1.01%; and
return on average tangible common equity was 13.2%. Results continue to be impacted by the elevated
level of credit provision expense as we added $57 million to the reserve during the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Now let's turn to Slide 6 to review our results in more detail. Year-over-year pretax pre-provision earnings
growth was 2%. We believe this is a solid performance in light of the current interest rate environment
and uncertain economic outlook. Total revenue increased 5% versus the year ago quarter due to strong
fee income growth paired with modest spread revenue growth.

As Steve mentioned earlier, home lending was a particular bright spot this quarter, driving a record
$122 million of mortgage banking income. We also saw deposit service charges and card and payment
processing revenues rebound off of the 2Q lows as customer activity continued to rebound and pandemic-
related fee waiver programs expired. I should also note that deposit service charges remained below the
year ago level as elevated consumer deposit account balances continue to moderate the recovery of this
line.

Total expenses were higher by $45 million or 7% from the year ago quarter. As Steve mentioned,
approximately 2 percentage points of this growth or $15 million was driven by restructuring costs from
our 2020 expense management program. Another 3 percentage points or $18 million was related to
year-over-year increases in commissions, overtime, contract health and other variable costs in our home
lending business driven by the record level of mortgage originations. The balance of the expense growth,
approximately 2%, reflected a sustained level of investment in our strategic priorities, including digital and
mobile technology.

Turning now to Slide 7. FTE net interest income increased 2% as earning asset growth more than offset
year-over-year NIM compression.

On a linked-quarter basis, the net interest margin increased 2 basis points to 2.96%. As shown in the
walk on the right side of the slide, the linked quarter increase included a 7 basis point benefit from our
hedging program, including the full quarter impact of the $1.6 billion of forward starting asset hedges
that became active in the second quarter. There was also a 2 basis point benefit during the third quarter
related to changes in balance sheet mix and other items. These 2 positive impacts were partially offset
by the elevated balance sheet liquidity that contributed a 7 basis point incremental headwind in the third
quarter.

As Steve mentioned, we're taking decisive actions to maintain a net interest margin near current levels.
While we are diligently working across the organization to identify and pull levers to manage the margin,
it's important to note that our core optimization objective is revenue growth, with the highest possible
return on capital within our risk appetite.

That said, NIM is one of the key drivers of that return and revenue growth, so we're actively managing
various levers to stabilize the NIM as a key component in that calculus. We expect to continue to optimize
our funding costs, including further reductions to deposit costs and optimizing our wholesale funding.

On the earning asset side, we're currently in the midst of a broad reexamination of all business and
lending commercial relationships for repricing opportunities that I believe will yield several basis points
of incremental NIM over time as well as associated deepening of noninterest income fee opportunities.
Similarly, we are optimizing our earning asset mix by emphasizing loan production in certain higher-
yielding asset classes, such as small business, residential mortgage, asset-backed lending, equipment
leasing, while deemphasizing growth in some of our thinner priced lending products.

Finally, our comprehensive hedging strategies continue to provide some relief from the yield curve, as we
expect they will continue to do for the next several years. While this hedging benefit will begin to gradually
wane over the next several years, there are no looming cliffs as we have strategically built a well-laddered
hedging portfolio.

Moving to Slide 8. Average earning assets increased $11 billion or 11% compared to the year ago quarter,
driven by the $6 billion of PPP loans and a $5 billion increase in deposits at the Fed. Average commercial
and industrial loans increased 13% from the year ago quarter, primarily reflecting the PPP loans.

During the quarter, C&I benefited from a full quarter's impact of the PPP loans. However, downward
pressure on the business and commercial utilization rates, especially within dealer floorplan, more than
offset this, resulting in a modest linked quarter decline.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Consumer lending has also been a bright spot this year as indirect auto, residential mortgage and our RV/
Marine portfolios have posted steady growth, a trend we expect to persist in coming quarters.

Turning to Slide 9. We will review the deposit growth. Average core deposits increased 14% year-on-
year and 2% sequentially. These increases were driven by business and commercial growth related to the
PPP loans and increased liquidity levels in reaction to the economic downturn. Consumer growth largely
related to the government stimulus and increased consumer and business banking account production and
reduced account attrition.

Like the industry as a whole, this very strong core deposit growth for the past several quarters has
resulted in significantly elevated levels of deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank. These elevated levels of
liquidity have proven to be much stickier than we anticipated and our revised outlook is that they are likely
to persist for several quarters before these customers deploy the funds. While this did pressure the Q3
NIM more than originally expected, it is also providing us the opportunity to more aggressively manage
down our deposit costs going forward.

Slide 10 highlights the more granular trends in commercial loans, total deposits, saleable mortgage
originations and debit card spend, as these are key indicators of behavior and economic activity amongst
our customers. As you can see on the top left chart, the decline in commercial loan balances, excluding
PPP loans, leveled off in July and remained relatively flat during the third quarter.

Early-stage pipelines are refilling, providing room for optimism of a return to new commercial loan
growth later this year and into next year. We expect this, coupled with expected gradual normalization of
commercial utilization rates and the typical seasonal build in dealer floorplan, will provide some offset for
the headwinds from PPP loans as they are forgiven and repaid over the next several quarters.

The top right chart reflects the continued elevated deposit balances resulting from the factors I've
mentioned previously, providing an attractive source of liquidity during these uncertain times. The bottom
2 charts relate to customer activity driving 2 of the 4 key fee income lines for us.

Mortgage banking saleable originations remained robust, although there has been a very slow decline
since the peak in June. As we mentioned on the second quarter call, debit card usage quickly rebounded
once the economy began to reopen, and we continue to see healthy year-over-year increases in both
transactions and dollar spend.

Slide 11 illustrates the continued strength of our capital and liquidity ratios. The common equity Tier
1 ratio, or CET1, ended the quarter at 9.89%, relatively stable with last quarter. The tangible common
equity ratio, or TCE, ended the quarter at 7.27%, again, in line with last quarter. Both ratios remain within
our operating guidelines. And our strong capital levels position us well to execute on growth initiatives and
investment opportunities.

Let me now turn it over to Rich Pohle to cover credit. Rich?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Thanks, Zach. I'd first like to reinforce the steps we've taken over the last several years to position us for
this downturn. In commercial, we scaled back leverage lending, health care, construction, and commercial
real estate. We stopped originating oil and gas loans about 18 months ago and have reduced that portfolio
to well under 1% of total loans.

We have also repositioned our business banking portfolio with a significant reduction in commercial real
estate exposure and a shift toward SBA, as about 20% of our loans are now SBA as opposed to only about
5% heading into the last downturn. We were the #1 bank in the entire country last year for SBA 7(a)
originations for the third consecutive year.

On the consumer side, we have continued our focus on prime and super prime profile customers and
leveraged our expertise in auto into our RV/Marine business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Turning now to the credit results and metrics. Slide 12 provides a walk of our allowance for credit losses
or ACL from year-end 2019 to the third quarter. You can see our ACL now represents 2.31% of loans and
excluding the PPP loan balances, our ACL would be 2.5% as of September 30. The third quarter allowance
represents a modest $57 million reserve build from the second quarter.

Like the previous quarters in 2020, there are multiple data points used to size the provision expense for
Q3. The primary economic scenario within our loss estimation process was the August baseline forecast.
This scenario will somewhat improve from the May baseline forecast we used in Q2 and assumes elevated
unemployment through 2020, ending the year at 9.5%, followed by a slower-paced economic recovery
through the first half of 2021 that accelerates as the year progresses. 2020 GDP ends the full year down
4.9% and demonstrates 2.6% growth for all of 2021, with that growth also accelerating in the back half of
the year.

While a number of variables within the baseline economic scenario have improved, as have our credit
metrics for the quarter, there are still many uncertainties to deal with: a likely COVID resurgence in the
winter; a stalemate on additional economic stimulus; the impact of the upcoming election; as well as
ongoing model imperfections relating to the COVID economic forecasting. We believe maintaining coverage
ratios consistent with the second quarter is prudent when considering these factors.

Slide 13 shows our NPAs and TDRs and demonstrates the continued impact that our oil and gas portfolio
has had on our overall level of NPAs. Oil and gas NPAs at Q3 represented 26% of our overall NPAs, which
were down from the second quarter by $111 million or 16% as we proactively reduced the oil and gas
portfolio and we're able to return other credits to accruing status.

Slide 14 provides additional details around the financial accommodations we provided to our commercial
customers. As we forecasted on our Q2 call, the commercial deferrals have dropped significantly and now
total just $942 million, down from $5 billion at June 30. About 80% of the remaining deferrals represent
second 90-day deferrals that are centered on hospitality, retail, and travel-related customers.

Over 70% of the remaining deferrals expire this month and we expect to have limited commercial referral
balances at the end of Q4. Some SBA customers might seek an initial deferral in Q4 following the end
of the 6-month payment support the SBA provided under the CARES Act. Commercial delinquencies are
within a normal range at 19 basis points, reinforcing the deferrals have not negatively impacted credit
quality.

Slide 15 shows our consumer deferrals and the news here is good as well. Our auto, RV/Marine and HELOC
portfolios are performing as we would have expected with very modest post-deferral delinquencies. In
fact, nearly all the auto, RV/Marine and HELOC deferrals have lapsed, and we are operating in a pre-
COVID risk management environment with respect to those portfolios.

The mortgage accommodations have come down 78% since June and are also meeting our expectations.
Request for second deferrals or further modifications equal just 10% of the post-deferral population to
date. Mortgage deferrals will remain elevated for the next quarter or so, given the longer initial deferral
period, 180 days in many cases versus 90 for other loans, as well as the more formal deferral exit process,
which requires a second round of documentation with wet signatures and notaries.

Like the commercial deferrals, the consumer deferrals are not indicating additional credit risk at this time.
Consumer delinquencies were down across all loan categories on a year-over-year basis.

Slide 16 provides an update to the industries hardest hit by COVID-19. We continue regular reviews of
our commercial loan portfolio and we believe we have the risks identified and appropriately managed. Any
adverse COVID impacts as well as the most recent SNC exam results are reflected in our crit/class and
other credit metrics for the quarter.

As we've previously mentioned, our hotel exposure is centered on 5 primary sponsors, with most of whom
we've enjoyed long-term relationships, including through the last downturn. These sponsors continue to
demonstrate the financial strength to see their way through the longer-term recovery period we forecast
for this industry. Our restaurant exposure is primarily in the national quick-service brands. We believe

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

this book to be in very good shape overall, but we'll continue to closely monitor the heightened risk in the
single location and other nonfranchise names in the portfolio.

There are currently no material credit concerns in the other high-impact portfolios, and you can see
that the credit metrics since June are relatively stable. Recall in the second quarter, as part of our active
portfolio management process, we evaluated the COVID-related impacts across all portfolios and took
appropriate actions to downgrade those severely impacted credits to criticized status. This review resulted
in a significant increase to our criticized asset level in Q2.

I am pleased to report our level of criticized loans was reduced by over $425 million or 12% in the third
quarter, validating that the portfolio review we undertook in Q2 was comprehensive and served to identify
potential problems early. Working with our customers, we were able to proactively remedy a number of
these loans.

Slide 17 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter. Our credit performance overall
was strong. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 56 basis points of average loans and leases. The
commercial charge-offs were again centered in the oil and gas portfolio, which made up approximately
44% of the total commercial net charge-offs. Like Q2, nearly all these oil and gas charge-offs resulted
from $127 million of loan sales closed or contracted for sale during the quarter as we prudently reduced
our exposure to this industry.

Annualized net charge-offs, excluding the oil and gas-related losses, were 36 basis points, demonstrating
that the balance of our portfolio continued to perform well in Q3. Consumer charge-offs were just 24 basis
points in Q3, highlighting our strong consumer portfolio. Our super prime originations of auto and RV/
Marine loans, in particular, continue to perform at very high levels.

I would also add our nonperforming asset ratio decreased 15 basis points linked quarter to 74 basis
points. As always, we have provided additional granularity by portfolio in the analyst package in the slides.

Let me turn it back over to Zach.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Thank you, Rich. As Steve alluded to earlier, we have confidence in our businesses and are cautiously
optimistic that the economic recovery will continue, particularly longer term as we move past the election
and with the potential for vaccine and improved therapeutic medical treatments for the virus.

We also expect to finish out 2020 strong, and Slide 18 provides our expectations for the full year 2020.
Looking at the average balance sheet for the full year 2020, we expect average loans and average
deposits to increase approximately 6% and 10%, respectively, compared to last year.

For the remainder of the year, we expect consumer loans, more specifically residential mortgage, auto,
RV/Marine, to be the primary driver of average loan growth as commercial loan growth remains muted.
Our current projections assume the majority of PPP balances will remain on balance sheet through the end
of the year.

With respect to deposits, we expect continued growth in consumer core deposits from new customer
acquisition, relationship deepening and low attrition. As I mentioned earlier, we expect the elevated level
of business and commercial deposits to persist through year-end. We expect to record -- or we expect
to record, excuse me, full year total revenue growth of approximately 3% to 3.5% and full year total
expense growth of 2% to 2.5%.

With respect to revenues, we expect Q4 revenues to be in line with Q3, up 7% to 8% year-over-year.
We expect full year NIM to be approximately 300 basis points and we expect a flat to moderately higher
NIM in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by further reductions to the cost of interest-bearing deposits,
which we expect to be below our prior historic low of 22 basis points that we set back in the third quarter
of 2016. This guidance includes no positive impact in Q4 from the acceleration of PPP fees and includes a
continuation of elevated liquidity that we discussed earlier.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

We expect full year noninterest income growth of 8% to 10%, primarily driven by robust mortgage
income. While our fourth quarter outlook includes moderation in mortgage banking, we expect an uptick in
capital markets fees as well as several other fee lines to help to cushion that decline.

On expenses, we expect the fourth quarter to be up 3% to 5% from the third quarter. As we've discussed
before, we believe the current economic outlook presents the opportunity to invest in our businesses in
order to meaningfully gain share and accelerate growth over the moderate term as the recovery continues
to solidify. As such, we're accelerating investments in technology and other key strategic initiatives
across our businesses as we exit 2020 while delivering full year positive operating leverage for the 8th
consecutive year.

Finally, our credit remains fundamentally sound. We expect full year net charge-offs to be approximately
50 to 55 basis points. This is reflective of the cleanup of the oil and gas portfolio as well as the broader
economic conditions.

Now let me turn it back over to Mark so we can get to your questions.

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations
Operator we'll now take questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I think you guys actually answered a lot of my questions on the sort of the potential for commercial
to kind of resume some growth. I certainly appreciate that. I wanted to ask specifically on the dealer
business, that's been kind of a headwind. And granted it's not necessarily huge for you guys, but I was
just curious to hear about your thoughts on sort of any window on -- as to how quickly we should expect
that dealer business, in particular, to recover? In other words, how much of a growth driver can it end up
being?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Scott, it's Rich. I'll take that. We've seen really low utilization rates across that dealer floorplan portfolio.
What has been typically in the 75% range or now down below 50%, the challenge with that business is
just getting inventory back on the lots.

And while the OEMs are ramping up deliveries to the dealers, new car levels are continuing at pretty low
levels. So we would expect that we would see a steady build from that 50% up towards the end of the
year and provide a gradual build over the years. This isn't something that's going to ramp up very quickly,
but it is going to be something that we see steady state and slowly building throughout the balance of
2020 and into 2021.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And then maybe, Zach, just on the guidance for the full year, and I guess implicit in the
fourth quarter, if I'm doing the math correctly, I think the implied NII in the fourth quarter would be up
fairly significantly from the third quarter. It sounds like margin is sort of flattish. I guess just what are the
puts and takes that you see for NII in particular in the fourth quarter?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Sure. Thanks again for the question. So I think our outlook for loans sequentially is up in total about 1%
to $800 million. We are expecting -- our kind of baseline underlying forecast is a couple of basis points of
incremental NIM as we go into Q4. And so that's really going to drive spread revenues up sort of around
$30 million. To be clear, it does not include any PPP acceleration. There could be some revenues to come
through from that, but we're not banking on that.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And it's none baked in. So that was the follow-on. All right. Terrific.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.

Jon Glenn Arfstrom
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

A question for either Rich or Zach on the provision. Can you talk about some of the provision drivers for
the quarter and what you want the overall message to be as we look forward on that? It seems like some
of this was growth driven as well, but can you just talk about provision drivers and expectations?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Sure, Jon, it's Rich. I'll start with that. Yes, as you pointed out, we did have a relatively modest reserve
build in Q3. It was about 3% from Q2. The coverage ratio moved up 4 basis points from 2.27% to 2.31%.

I would first point out that we did have over $1 billion in point-to-point loan growth in Q3, which
accounted for about 25% of that reserve build. Clearly, with CECL, you are taking a life of loan approach
to any -- or to any portfolio build that you have. But I would tie the build really to ongoing uncertainty
with respect to the virus and the type of stimulus, if any, that's coming our way.

We are seeing COVID cases increasing across much of our footprint and while we don't expect a return
to full stay-at-home orders, we do believe that, that is going to be a drag on the economy going forward.
And with respect to stimulus, we can see that there's a deadlock right now and the timing of the makeup
of what that stimulus ends up looking like is going to be important to the recovery.

I think you have to keep in mind, too, that all of the economic scenarios have assumptions with respect to
both the dollar amount and the timing of stimulus. And to the extent that, that stimulus is delayed or isn't
earmarked for where the model thinks that's going, it's going to have also an impact. So when we look at
factoring all of that in, the uncertainty, that's what really drove us to keep the reserve about where it was.
I think the 4 basis points is pretty much a plateau for the quarter. Those were the big drivers.

Jon Glenn Arfstrom
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

But the message I hear is adequately reserved for what you see today. I've heard that a couple of times.
Is that fair?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Absolutely.

Jon Glenn Arfstrom
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And then just one small one. It's kind of -- it's the noise in your numbers at this point, but 1/4 of
your nonperformers, about half the charge-offs for oil and gas, Zach, you used the term cleanup. What's
left there? And what's kind of the timing on that?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. We have had -- we sold $127 million in the third quarter. We've got that portfolio down 50% from
where it was a year ago. When we talk about cleanup, the book right now is at the point where, with the
reserves that we have, we will be opportunistic sellers. I think over the course of the last several quarters,
there was more of a desire to get the overall numbers down, and the pricing that we were able to get
allowed us to do that within the coverage ratio that we had.

I don't believe in the fourth quarter that we're going to be aggressive sellers. We will certainly look to
sell if it makes sense and to the extent that the fall borrowing base redeterminations require additional
charge-offs, we'll take them. So we're going to move into what I would consider more of a traditional
problem loan of management scenario with oil and gas going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Steve, my first question is for you. Out of all your DFAST participant peers, I think this is probably the first
statement we've heard in terms of expectations to increase capital return in 2021, assuming restrictions
don't stretch out for too long. And knowing the bank, you've always prioritized dividend growth and also,
of course, funding your growth. And I'm wondering if that balance shifts a little bit to buybacks in '21,
given where your stock is relative to your return potential.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Erika. We do have a relatively high dividend yield compared to the peer group and that will
influence at the appropriate time, I believe, our Board's decisions. We would be more oriented towards
buyback versus a dividend increase, but no decision. We're not at that threshold yet. But the historic
guidance we would have provided will substitute -- will likely substitute other uses of capital for -- as a
second alternative and that dividend in balance with that.

Historically, we would have said core growth, dividends and other uses, you'll see a much more balanced
approach. Certainly, with the stock trading at these levels, that seems to make a lot of sense to us. Again,
subject to Fed and other regulatory support.

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. And my second question is for Zach. I think, of course, there was some chatter about swap income
potentially rolling off. And you mentioned in your prepared remarks that there are no looming cliffs. And
if I'm doing the back-of-the-envelope math right, the derivative book helped net interest income about
maybe $19 million to $20 million this quarter. And of course, correct me if I'm wrong. And I'm wondering,
as we think about the outlook for 2022 in your well-laddered strategy, what is the dollar impact from the
derivative portfolio, if you could confirm for this quarter and what you expect it to be for 2021.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. Well, the dollars are [ probably about 5 basis points ]. In 2020, for the full year, the derivative
portfolio is benefiting us by about 22 basis points. Next year, we expect that to rise somewhat several
basis points up to 25, and then it sort of gradually runs off through '22, '23, and '24. I think '22 is about
12 to 13 basis points runoff, '23 is about 7 basis point runoff and then '24 is actually flat.

So there's no massive cliff. There's clearly a drop and a gradual reduction over time. But as I also
mentioned in our prepared remarks, we're pulling all the levers of balance sheet optimization to really
offset and drive that. And we do have confidence we'll floor them in near current levels over the long-
term, leveraging the 3 key strategies: funding optimization, asset growth mix and that customer level
pricing.

Last thing I'll say, and I'll just pull back and see if that answers your question, is for next year, there will
likely be a fair amount of quarter-to-quarter volatility driven by PPP loan forgiveness acceleration. We'll
see, but we suspect that, that will be in the first couple of quarters.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Following up on the expense side, Zach, you mentioned 3% to 5% expense growth in the fourth quarter.
And I think you said it was mostly investment. Just wondering, can you help us just understand what were

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

the restructuring costs that were in the third quarter number and also what you're expecting in the fourth
quarter number?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Sure. In the third quarter, we had $15 million of restructuring costs. In the fourth, we expect that to be
kind of around or just less than $5 million. So the incremental $10 million benefit quarter-to-quarter
within that 3% to 5% expense guide.

I would tell you, just pulling back that really, the investments are essentially entirely driven by that
investment growth. And so the expenses are essentially driven by the investment growth. We see a little
bit of continued quarter-to-quarter growth in variable costs, just driven by customer activity, continue to
rebound out of the COVID lows, but those are the main drivers.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then so if I take that then, that there's not much restructuring costs in that fourth quarter
number, is that kind of the right base to grow off of? Or is this more of a onetime step-up to just get stuff
accelerated or in relative to what you'd expect to spend as you go forward to your prior comments last
quarter about the flexibility within the cost save numbers?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. No, it's a good question. I know what you're coming from. It's a little too early for us to give you kind
of a longer-term outlook. We'll do that more fulsomely in the next quarter update when we talk in January.

But I think that what you're going to see is this elevated level of investment continuing for a few more
quarters. You can't turn on a dime with this kind of stuff. So we're going to -- we're ramping up towards
the end of this year, as we've talked about over time, to capture the opportunities that are -- that we think
are present in the recovery, and that will sustain for a few more quarters.

But the key for us is really these things drive revenue growth. We have a very focused investment plan,
very tied to our strategic growth initiatives. And the expectation is we'll start to see the benefits of that
flowing through to the accelerating revenue growth as we go throughout '21 and certainly into '22.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then just one. Underneath that, what's also -- I think Steve mentioned a bunch of this in his
prepared remarks. But like how do you go forward and help offset some of that natural inflation from
the spending in terms of things you can either see starting to become more efficient in? Or as Steve
mentioned earlier, you'd start to rethink some of the branch locations over time, et cetera?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. Yes. I mean you sort of ticked down our hit list right there. I think the investments we've got, some of
which drive kind of shorter-term, more productivity-related benefits. Others are longer term and customer
acquisition and customer relationship deepening related. And behind the scenes, we just continue to be
incredibly rigorous with our non-investment expense program.

And I think the way I look at expenses is you've got growth investments and we maniacally drive the
return out of that. And you've got the rest of the business expenses that we just squeeze perpetually
lower. So the items that we look at are a lot of what you just said.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David George with Baird.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

David Alan George
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I had a question just moving to the fee side of things. There was a good rebound this quarter in deposit
service charges. I'm just kind of curious how you're thinking about that line item in Q4 and then kind of a
run rate starting in 2021, obviously, given the amount of liquidity that's in consumer checking accounts,
that's going to put a damper on it. But I would imagine that the spend has gotten better. So that's
obviously driving some of the improvements. So curious how you're thinking about that.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes, this is Zach. I'll take that. And perhaps I'll just move one in as well. So we did see a bit of a snapback
in personal service charges in Q3 of $15 million higher, although it was -- continues to run a fair amount
lower than last year.

And as we look forward to the future, I don't expect a lot of growth in that line. I think that the --
particularly the elevated levels of deposits that we've seen, I, for one, believe they're going to be quite
sticky for some time. I think it's fundamentally related to people's uncertainty about the economy and
therefore, just protecting themselves with all the liquidity. And we've seen kind of a flight to quality and
flight to proximity from our customers and leveraging Huntington as opposed to hold those deposits.

So I think that's going to hold personal service charges lower for a while. It's really not our focus for
growth. We're really driving the value-added fee lines over time.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I guess one -- so one of your peers decided to recently exit indirect auto. Can you just talk about the
economics of that business and how the economics has changed since the beginning of the pandemic?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Ken, this is Rich. I'll take a stab at that. We love the indirect auto business. I mean this is a foundation
and a core competency that we've had for several years now. And we would grow this business as opposed
to exit it. The credit quality performs incredibly well through DFAST. It's our -- one of our best-performing
portfolios. I think if you look at the recent deferral activity that we've had in this book and the post-
deferral delinquencies, they're excellent and right in line with that.

So from a credit standpoint, we couldn't be happier with the performance of this portfolio over time, and
we're very enthusiastic about the growth of this business over time. So we've -- we have a contrarian
approach, and I think it's based on the fact that we've got great dealer relationships we've built up over
the years, and that has proven out very well.

So Zach, do you want to touch on...

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. I'll just tack on that. And I think I totally agree with everything Rich has said. This business has
incredible risk-adjusted returns. To give you a sense, the yields we're seeing right now with new volume
coming in are 3.5%. So that's sort of constructive and helpful for the NIM trajectory. It's also a relatively
short-lived asset. So it helps us continue to play as rates potentially move higher over the longer term.

And the last thing I would say is just me coming into the business nuance, it's great to see these business
lines that Huntington has that are -- we've got such a diversification of the business lines we've got that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

when something else is weak, like commercial that we talked about, this other one has been really a real
source of strength and growth for us. So yes, I couldn't say enough about how much we like it.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

All right. Great. And then just a second question. You guys talked about seeing growth in commercial later
this year. I think you referenced it a few times. Just to be clear, is this specifically a Huntington-specific
like issue that you're growing C&I? Or is this -- or do you envision the broader industry also growing C&I
off a low base?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

We haven't -- we're not in a position to comment on the industry. But we're looking at our pipeline, when
we're making that and sharing that comment, Ken. We have a pipeline today that's comparable to last
year in both business banking and our commercial banking teams.

And typically, fourth quarter is one of our best quarters, year in, year out. I would expect based on the
weighting of that pipeline probability of closing to have a pretty good fourth quarter and all indications are
positive.

What we're hearing from customers is a continuing recovery. Remember, the Midwest is recovering nicely,
particularly in the manufacturing sector. The biggest issue we hear in that regard is they just can't get
enough employees. Our JOLTS numbers for the Midwest are higher than any other region of the country.

So there's a labor issue that's constraining some of the potential on the investment side and maybe only
back some of the loan demand. So we're actually reasonably bullish about the fourth quarter and beyond.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

On -- just back on the loan growth topic. On that -- on the commercial side, I appreciate the color you
just gave in terms of the -- in your markets and some of the trends. Outside of dealer services, from an
industry perspective, where are you seeing the improving growth dynamics? Is it manufacturing, like
you just said? Is that where you're starting to see demand? Or is that -- you're just optimistic of that
materializing? Are there other portfolios where you are seeing some momentum begin?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

What we're clearly seeing is the manufacturing sector, John, as I mentioned, but it's more broadly
based. There is a level of business activity that's occurring on the buyout side, on generational transfers.
Beyond that, there's activity that we're -- remember, we're principally a lower middle market bank in the
commercial side. And as inventories are getting replenished and revenue is rebuilt, there's working capital
demand.

We do a lot of equipment finance and asset-based lending as well. You've seen, particularly on the asset-
based side, good demand. Fourth quarter is generally good for equipment finance. Our health care activity
is very, very strong as well. So it's broad-based.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

I would just tack on. This is Zach. As an indication of that, the pipelines are up to almost the level of last
year, just to give you a sense, off of considerably lower, during COVID. So -- and production during the
COVID or during Q3 ramped quite substantially.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes. Got it. That's helpful. And then on the credit side, just to confirm, would you indicate that your
criticized assets were down, did you say 12% in the quarter? And also, could you just talk about what
areas that you saw improvement and if you think that decline could continue? Or do you think there's
going to be some pressure to the upside as some of the pressure on borrowers, as they come off
forbearance and uncertainty on stimulus weighs in?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Yes. 12% was right. It was about $425 million was the reduction over the quarter. It was very widespread.
We did have the oil and gas sales, which was about $125 million or $127 million, all of that -- just all
of that was less criticized. But beyond that, it was very broad-based across just about all of our lines of
business, which was heartening to see. We did do that very comprehensive review in the second quarter,
which caused the spike in crit in Q2.

And so seeing it come down in Q3, we expected that to some extent. And I would say that we will
continue to see a downward trend in criticized. It may be a bit bumpy. Quarter-to-quarter, things will move
in, things will move out within different portfolios. I think that's just the kind of the COVID environment
that we're dealing with and things are going to pop up that might be somewhat unexpected. But I would
generally expect our credit quality to begin migrating, the crit/class migrating down over time.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Richard, following up on your auto segment comments, it looks like you guys had recently been seeing a
growing mix of used car originations, but we saw a mix shift back to new this quarter. I think that was on
Slide 44. Can you discuss some of the dynamics there and give us a sense of the relative profitability of
new versus used just at a high level?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. I think -- this is Zach. I'll start off. I don't know maybe, Mark, you might want to tack on this, the
yield numbers right in front of me. But I think generally, this is really influenced by the supply dynamics
that Richard talked about earlier.

So earlier in the year, when the supply interruptions were had on the original equipment side, just demand
naturally shifted to the used side. And so we saw that mix change. I think what you're seeing now is just
the gradual normalization back to the kind of a longer-term typical mix of new versus used cars. The yield
on used is a bit higher than new. But I don't have the numbers right in front of me to comment more
specifically. We'll maybe follow up with you on that.

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Yes. Bill, I don't have the specific breakout on the yields between new and used, but used is always quite a
bit higher than new. And so on a risk-adjusted return basis, it's actually slightly better than the new.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

And then separately, Zach, on your comments around mix optimization and remixing more towards
small business in particular, can you discuss how you guys were thinking about going into that from a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

relationship -- from a customer relationship standpoint, timing, credit risk perspective, particularly with all
the uncertainty around stimulus?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. Maybe I'll touch on that a little bit, and Rich may want to tack on as well. I think in the list of assets
we'd like to grow faster includes small business, but it's not certainly exclusive to that, as we noted, a lot
of others. But I think what we're seeing -- our strategy is to really deepen penetration to provide terrific
products and experiences to this segment, particularly through the digital investments we're making. And
we're really seeing it works. There's tremendous demand coming through, I think, partly leveraging the
real success we had with PPP. And so it's pretty broad-based.

I don't know, Rich, if you want to tack on in terms of how we're thinking about it.

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

No, absolutely. The PPP success that we had is certainly a driver of the growth, and we are really focused
on SBA within small business as a continued lever for growth. We obviously have a core competency in
SBA, and we'll continue to leverage that going forward. But also on the conventional side of business
banking, which -- the non-SBA piece of it, we've seen very good growth as well, and that's been pretty
widespread across industries, health care and others.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

If I could squeeze one last one in for Steve. You guys have done a lot to improve HBAN's ROTCE profile
since the Great Recession. Can you discuss your expectations for the kind of ROTCE generation that we
can expect from HBAN to the extent that [ serve ] were to persist for an extended period?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, we haven't changed our long-term metrics on ROTCE. At this point, we'll be out, as Zach mentioned,
with an outlook for next year in January. So I think that's fair to use based on the work that we've done
looking forward over the next couple of years as a rough guideline now.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.

Sun Young Lee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Janet Lee on for Steve. My first question is on margin. Obviously, lots of moving pieces there. But
if I put it all together, with excess liquidity remaining elevated near term and success of repricing, looking
into 2021, is the direction of NIM a modest downward trend from here? Or do you think you can manage it
at more stable, given hedges benefit?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. Good question. Thank you. This is Zach. I'll take that one. So I think 2020 will likely land around 300
basis points, so just a tick higher. And our expectation for '21, excluding PPP for a second, is just a few
ticks higher than that. So about flat and my baseline outlook is a few basis points higher. We'll have -- I
think I mentioned earlier kind of the next few years' hedge benefit in basis points. This year was 22, next
year is 25.

So certainly, non-forecast, that's about 3 basis points better. Interest-bearing liabilities, I expect to be
down also kind of over -- around or over 30 basis points. We do expect yield pressure largely offsetting

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

that. So that's the sort of flat to a few basis points higher outlook I've got for '21 at this point. And again,
we're going to do a fair amount of work around this, and we'll come back with more clear guidance later.

There are wildcards and specifically timing that I mentioned, potentially also some -- we continue to look
at hedging in the portfolio, and that could also throw a few basis points volatility in there. But generally,
that's my outlook.

Sun Young Lee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's very helpful. And my next question is on operating leverage. So when we combine with expense
savings from the branch consolidations and I guess, more bullish outlook on loans going into 4Q, do you
see it increasingly likely that Huntington can achieve positive operating leverage in 2021 again?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

No, it's really too early for us to talk about the totality in the full year of 2021. I do expect a lot of the
trends that we're seeing right now to kind of continue for the next few quarters, just given the momentum
and the trends of the business that we're seeing right now.

And so we'll see, we'll come back and talk more about that. Our commitment around positive operating
leverage is a long-term one, and we think it's the right one for the company. But we're really focused on
making the investments now to drive revenue acceleration. And certainly, we feel pretty good about it. So
we'll come back and talk more in a few months.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

And we're -- this is Steve. We're bullish about coming out of this cycle and taking advantage of it. That
has been our orientation in the past, and we're continuing with that. So we'll be looking to drive growth,
revenue growth, and you're getting a sense of that off the third quarter earnings.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brock Vandervliet with UBS.

Brocker Clinton Vandervliet
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just in terms of loss content and the cadence of net charge-offs going forward. One, I guess, how are you
feeling about loss content now versus, say, April? I'm assuming that's better but wanted to ask.

And then two, as you look at charge-offs, and they've been relatively stable here, is there a bit of a catch-
up? In other words, an increase from here that we should continue to be aware of? Or are you anticipating
that you can kind of hold at this more at this level?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Brock, this is Steve. Just to go through your April comments, it's night and day different, right? Think
about the volatility and uncertainty in that period of time versus today. So you should be inferring that off
the comments about the economy and the recovery, et cetera. And that would be true with an expectation
that credit quality will mirror the economic recovery.

There's still uncertainty. And as Rich said, it may be lumpy. But we don't have a catch-up quarter. We've
already caught up. So we're in good shape as of the end of the third quarter, given the volatility, and
expect that the team will manage with consistency as we go forward. It may be a little lumpy because of
the recovery and the nature of it, the virus, but we like the footing we have, very much.

Brocker Clinton Vandervliet

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Got it. Okay. The mix optimization, could you look to move some of the Fed deposits into investment
securities? Or is that not something you're looking at?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. So this is Zach. It's really not something we're looking at, at this time. We do expect to begin to
reinvest our securities cash flow this quarter, as we've talked about a little bit over the last few calls, and
to get back in the securities portfolio to around Q1 levels.

So that's about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion of incremental securities investments in the fourth quarter, but
not really with a mind towards utilizing those deposits. Rather, we're focused on deploying those for core
organic growth and to some degree, as a funding optimization opportunity that I mentioned earlier. So
that's the plan.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn
the floor back to Mr. Steinour for closing comments.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

So thank you for the questions and your interest in Huntington. We're very pleased with the third
quarter performance, and we continue to be optimistic about our future and the economic recovery but
acknowledge volatility, uncertainty remain in the economy.

Our disciplined enterprise risk management provides a strong fundamental foundation, and you're seeing
that in our numbers. We're executing our strategies, and we'll continue to capitalize on opportunities.
We're investing, investing in strategic growth initiatives while continuing to deliver solid performance. I'm
confident of our ability to manage the challenges we face and excited about our future.

And finally, as I'm fond of reminding you, we are closely aligned, the interest of the Board, executive
management and colleagues, with the other owners of the company via mechanisms such as our hold-
till-retirement equity requirements. And we've collectively been 1 of the 10 largest shareholders of the
company for the past 5 years. So we feel the pain and we're looking forward to a better day ahead.

Thank you again for your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for
your participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

