Illumina, Inc. NasdaqGS:ILMN
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 11, 2021 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.13

1.22

7.96

1.35

4.41

4.50

2.04

5.97

903.14

953.00

5.52

895.06

3185.44

3239.00

1.68

3936.14

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-11-2021 4:03 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.25

0.67

0.80

1.13

1.64

0.62

1.02

1.22

31.20 %

(7.46 %)

27.50 %

7.96 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Juliet Cunningham
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

ANALYSTS

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Derik De Bruin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Puneet Souda
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Sung Ji Nam
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Tejas Rajeev Savant
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2020 Illumina Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Ms. Juliet Cunningham, VP, Illumina,
Investor Relations.

Juliet Cunningham
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call for the fourth quarter and full year 2020.
During the call today, we will review the financial results released after the close of market and offer
commentary on our commercial activity, after which we'll host a question-and-answer session. If you have
not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found in the Investor Relations section of our
website at illumina.com.

Participating for Illumina today will be Francis deSouza, CEO; and Sam Samad, CFO. Francis will provide
an update on the state of Illumina's business, and Sam will review our financial results.

The call today is being recorded and the audio portion will be archived in the Investors section of our
website. It is our intent that all forward-looking statements regarding our financial results and commercial
activity made during today's call will be protected under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results
may differ materially from those projected or discussed. All forward-looking statements are based upon
current available information, and Illumina assumes no obligation to update these statements. To better
understand the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, we refer you to the
documents that Illumina files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Illumina's most
recent Forms 10-Q and 10-K.

With that, I'll now turn over the call to Francis.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Juliet. Good afternoon, everyone. Illumina had a strong finish to 2020, with both revenue and
orders setting new records. Fourth quarter revenue of $953 million was up 20% sequentially from the
third quarter. Sequencing instruments grew 29% quarter-over-quarter. We also booked the second-highest
NovaSeq units during the fourth quarter, primarily driven by the August launch of our v1.5 reagents. v1.5
resulted in higher new customer growth as well as additional HiSeq conversions. NovaSeq continues to be
the market-leading sequencer as it enters its 5th year since launch.

Full year 2020 revenue of $3.2 billion declined 9% year-over-year, with the largest impact in the pandemic
in the second quarter. Our business accelerated in the second half of the year, growing 17% compared to
the first half. In 2020, we shipped more than 2,000 sequencing systems, setting another record for mid-
throughput shipments and added more than 700 new customers, which exceeded our expectation.

I'd like to share some fourth quarter highlights by platform, starting with our high throughput systems.
NovaSeq consumable pull-through was at its highest level of the year at over $1.2 million per instrument.
We expect NovaSeq flow-through to continue at pre-pandemic levels of $1.1 million to $1.2 million
per year in 2021. The NovaSeq v1.5 reagent introduction is catalyzing a new wave of high-throughput
customers as a $600 genome became a reality for labs of any size. In fact, over half our NovaSeq system
orders in 2020 were to new high-throughput customers. This includes customers like Argentina's Ministry
of Health, which purchased NovaSeq for infectious disease research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

v1.5 introduction also accelerated the purchasing time line for CellCarta, a contract research organization
and a new to high-throughput customer who plans to use their NovaSeq to support oncology clinical trials.
The v1.5 reagents are also strengthening the economic case for legacy HiSeq customers to upgrade, like
the University of Oregon who is using NovaSeq for large, single cell and epigenetic studies. We ended the
year with about 1,000 active HiSeq units. And in 2021, we expect continued HiSeq to NovaSeq adoption
among the 320 customers yet to transition.

Moving to mid-throughput. 2020 marked the second consecutive year of record placements, and the mid-
throughput segment continues to provide durable growth in our core business. Fourth quarter strength
was primarily driven by the successful launches of NextSeq 1000 and 2000, which also drove an increase
in mid-throughput consumables revenue for the full year. Looking ahead, we expect continued NextSeq
expansion in 2021, particularly in the clinical segment. Notably, we received NMPA approval in China for
NextSeqDx, driving demand in local hospitals and applications like oncology and infectious disease testing.
We expect this approval to drive NextSeqDx placements and further increase our clinical presence in 2021.

We added more than 500 new low-throughput customers in 2020, bringing our total to more than 6,100
customers worldwide. Our platforms hold the largest set of flow cell configurations and enable the most
expansive set of supported methods with run times as fast as 5 hours. In the fourth quarter, we had
record low-throughput consumable revenue driven by customers like Invitae of products in development
using MiSeqDX.

I'll now provide updates on our clinical and research and applied segments. Total sequencing consumables
revenue of $2 billion was down 2% year-over-year, reflecting the impact of the pandemic on academic and
research institutions. By the fourth quarter of 2020, clinical sequencing run rates actually exceeded pre-
pandemic levels, and research run rates also returned to normalized pre-pandemic volumes. It was great
to see how our customers successfully rebounded under these challenging circumstances. More than 43%
of our sequencing consumable shipments in 2020 were to clinical customers, which includes testing for
oncology, reproductive health and genetic disease. Clinical testing proved durable during the pandemic,
with clinical consumables growing about 8% year-over-year to approximately $890 million in 2020. And in
the fourth quarter, clinical consumables growth accelerated to over 20% year-over-year.

In clinical, I'll highlight first the tremendous progress made in market access and reimbursement. We
believe recent landmark coverage decisions will drive greater adoption of next-generation sequencing
to new levels over the next several years. In oncology, 205 million lives are now covered for tumor-
comprehensive genomic profiling in the U.S. And with an increasing number of targeted oncology
therapies, we expect CGP to grow to be a $1 billion-plus market by 2026. Additionally, Germany recently
started covering tumor CGP and whole exome and whole genome for rare and undiagnosed genetic
disease without restrictions. This means that 73 million lives will have better access to CGP and whole
exome and whole genome testing. In reproductive health, with multiple large payers expanding coverage
for all pregnancies, we expect NIPT coverage in the U.S. to exceed 3 million pregnancies by the end
of 2021. And finally, whole genome sequencing coverage for genetic disease testing increased tenfold
in 2020. And we expect WGS to become the standard of care in genetic disease as awareness and
reimbursement continues to grow.

With these positive reimbursement trends as a backstop, I will now discuss our clinical focus areas in
a little more detail. Oncology testing continues to represent approximately 20% of total sequencing
consumables, and it grew year-over-year driven by companies like Guardant Health who expanded
its mobile phlebotomy services to help patients access its Guardant360 liquid biopsy test during the
pandemic. This also includes Genomic Health and the NHS that adopted NovaSeq comprehensive genomic
profiling as a standard of care in the U.K. And oncology centers like Florida Cancer Specialists, a private
community oncology and hematology practice, with nearly 100 offices throughout Florida. Florida Cancer
Specialists purchased multiple NextSeqDx systems in 2020 to run Illumina's TruSight Oncology 500 assay
in its new lab. Reproductive health represented about 12% of sequencing consumables, with revenue and
samples for our end-to-end VeriSeq NIPT solution growing over 20% in 2020.

Lastly, about 10% of our sequencing consumables revenue is related to genetic disease testing. Customers
continue to choose Illumina's highly accurate and scalable sequencers as their platform of choice in this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

area. For example, the recent collaboration between Weill Cornell Medicine and New York-Presbyterian
Hospital, in partnership with the New York Genome Center, will use Illumina technology for clinical WGS in
areas like cardiovascular, metabolic and neurodegenerative diseases.

Turning to our research and applied segment. Revenue of approximately $1.2 billion represented just
under 57% of our sequencing consumable shipments and was lower by about 6% year-over-year as
customers were impacted by the pandemic. Research accelerated in the second half, growing 20%
compared to the first half as researchers return to their labs. This segment includes research in oncology
and genetic disease as well as population genomic and research initiatives. Our sequencers-enabled
programs like K-DNA, a large-scale Korean project aiming to sequence 1 million genomes by 2030. A
service provider consortium, standardized on Illumina technology, won the competitive tender based on
NovaSeq's superior technical evaluation. The program plans to complete a 7,500-genome Phase I by the
end of the year.

The NHS commenced a phased rollout for whole genome sequencing in the fourth quarter for selected rare
disease and cancer patients as part of their routine care. Once this live clinical testing phase is complete,
we expect the whole genome sequencing service to further ramp in the spring. We expect the All of Us
program to continue to scale this year. And the NIH anticipates releasing de-identified data from 100,000
sequence and array genotype samples to its research portal by the end of 2021.

Finally, as a leading innovator, Illumina remains steadfast in the defense of our intellectual property
globally. We received injunctions against BGI for patent infringement in the U.S., Germany, U.K., Spain,
Sweden and Finland. We remain confident that our IP portfolio affords strong protection for Illumina's
innovation now and well into the future.

And now I'll turn it over to Sam.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Thank you, Francis. As Francis discussed, we had record fourth quarter revenue that grew slightly year-
over-year to $953 million driven by 1% growth in sequencing, offset by an 8% decline in microarrays.

Total sequencing revenue reached a record of $846 million, which represented 89% of total revenue in the
fourth quarter of 2020 and grew 19% sequentially. Sequencing consumables revenue grew 5% compared
to the prior year period and 20% sequentially. Sequencing instruments revenue was roughly flat year-
over-year and grew 29% sequentially. And sequencing service and other was down 15% compared to the
prior year period due to IVD partnership revenue recognized last year.

Moving to regional results. The Americas revenue grew 14% sequentially. Revenue in the region was
2% lower compared to the prior year quarter, which was primarily driven by onetime technology access
fees for an IVD partnership and lower DTC revenue. These items were partially offset by sequencing
consumables. The Americas had record sequencing product revenue in the fourth quarter driven by clinical
customers.

EMEA delivered record revenue of $285 million, representing 34% sequential growth and 2% growth year-
over-year, driven by strong instrument revenue from NovaSeq. We also saw certain customers in emerging
countries taking their first NovaSeq shipments.

Greater China grew 16% sequentially and 3% year-over-year to $96 million and had its highest
sequencing instrument revenue quarter since 2017 driven in part by growing demand in hospitals.
Subsequent to Q4, we also announced the Sequoia Capital China genomics incubator, which builds on our
other incubator efforts in Silicon Valley and the U.K. Together, we will partner with leading entrepreneurs
in China to build genomic start-up companies that create breakthrough genomics applications and clinical
sequencing solutions.

Finally, APJ revenue of $77 million was up 24% sequentially and up 5% from the prior year period. For the
full year, the region was roughly flat compared to 2019 with full year growth in sequencing consumables.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Moving to gross margin and operating expenses. I will highlight non-GAAP results, which includes stock-
based compensation. I encourage you to review the GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures,
which can be found in today's release and the supplementary data available on our website. Please note
that all subsequent references to net income and earnings per share refer to the results attributable to
Illumina shareholders.

As expected, non-GAAP gross margin of 66.9% decreased approximately 50 basis points sequentially.
Year-over-year, fourth quarter non-GAAP gross margin was down 330 basis points, primarily due to a
onetime inventory write-down in Q4, onetime IVD partnership revenue in the year ago quarter and higher
freight costs related to COVID-19. Non-GAAP operating expenses of $439 million were up $74 million
sequentially, as expected, reflecting the extra week in the fourth quarter, variable compensation expenses
and other investments. Non-GAAP operating margin was 20.9%, down from 21.4% in the third quarter.
Non-GAAP other income of $20 million was $13 million higher sequentially due to gains on short-term
investments sold as we repositioned our investment portfolio for the anticipated funding of the GRAIL
acquisition.

The non-GAAP tax rate of 18.4% was up from last quarter due to a discrete charge related to a tax
structure initiative in the fourth quarter. The sequential increase of our tax rate in Q4 was also impacted
by discrete tax benefits in the third quarter of 2020 related to prior year return adjustments.

For the fourth quarter of 2020, GAAP net income was $257 million or $1.75 per diluted share, and non-
GAAP net income was $179 million or $1.22 per diluted share.

Moving to cash flow and balance sheet items. Cash flow from operations was $406 million. DSO is 50
days compared to 53 days last quarter driven by revenue linearity. Fourth quarter capital expenditures
were $62 million, and free cash flow was $344 million. We repurchased $280 million of stock in the fourth
quarter. We ended the year with approximately $3.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments. Our weighted average diluted share count for the quarter was 147 million.

Moving now to 2021 guidance. We expect full year 2021 revenue to grow in the range of 17% to 20%
or $3.79 billion to $3.89 billion, representing an increase of approximately $599 million at the midpoint.
For the full year of 2021, at the midpoint of our revenue guidance range, we expect sequencing revenue
to grow approximately 20%. This includes sequencing consumable growth of around 20%. We expect
sequencing system revenue to grow 33% year-over-year driven by placements of NovaSeq due to
continued HiSeq conversions and the adoption of v1.5 reagents as well as placements of NextSeq due to
NextSeq 2000 and DX demand and arrays to grow approximately 5% compared to 2020.

We expect full year non-GAAP gross margin to modestly improve from 2020, reflecting increased leverage
from higher volumes and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by product mix and IVD partnership
revenue in the first quarter of 2020. We expect 2021 operating margin to be approximately 24%. As
volumes increase and freight charges normalize, we expect both gross and operating margins to improve
in the second half of 2021 and be above the full year average.

We expect other income to be about $40 million lower than 2020 due to the gains in the fourth quarter
of 2020, lower interest rates and shorter duration investments in anticipation of the close of the GRAIL
acquisition. We expect GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $4.76 to $5.01 and non-GAAP
earnings per share in the range of $5.10 to $5.35. And we expect diluted shares outstanding in 2021 to be
approximately 147 million.

Moving to the first quarter of 2021, we are raising our previous expectations, and we now expect high
single-digit revenue growth compared to the first quarter of 2020. We expect sequential improvement
in non-GAAP gross margin; sequential decline in non-GAAP operating expenses, similar to historical
seasonality; non-GAAP other income to be significantly lower compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 due
to the onetime gain on short-term investments previously discussed and, as a result, we expect non-GAAP
EPS to be slightly higher compared to the fourth quarter of 2020.

I'll hand the call back over to Francis for his final remarks.

Francis A. deSouza

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

CEO, President & Director

We're off to a strong start in 2021. We're seeing strength in our core business and are playing an essential
role in the emerging surveillance effort necessary to fight the pandemic. In the past couple of months,
as new, more dangerous SARS-CoV-2 variants have emerged, there has been a growing recognition of
the need for COVID surveillance around the globe, with countries like the U.K., Australia, Canada and
Germany leading the way in deploying national surveillance infrastructures. In the U.S. The proposed
budget package contains $1.75 billion for the CDC to conduct, expand and improve activities to sequence
genomes, identify mutations and survey the transmission of viruses, including SARS-CoV-2.

Sequencing-based surveillance is one of the key elements in the fight against this pandemic. And it's
also becoming clear that sequencing and surveillance are becoming mainstream in the defense against
infectious disease. This global surveillance infrastructure being built right now will be instrumental in
identifying future outbreaks, including coronaviruses, antimicrobial resistance and bioterrorism. Illumina is
proud to be at the forefront of this important work.

We'd also like to congratulate Nobel Laureate and Illumina Board member, Dr. Frances Arnold, who was
named as Co-Chair of the U.S. President's Council of Advisors in Science and Technology. We believe the
recent appointment of highly experienced scientists signal the administration's focus on science, including
genomics, to improve life in the U.S. for everyone.

Finally, we continue to expect to close the GRAIL acquisition in the second half of this year, enabling us to
help accelerate the adoption of early cancer detection screening and opening up the largest application for
genomics by far. We're looking forward to GRAIL launching Galleri in Q2.
We see a vast number of opportunities ahead of us. And there has never been a more exciting time to be
in genomics and at Illumina. Now I'll invite the operator to open up for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Dan Brennan with UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. I had 2-part question, Francis. I guess the first one, really for Sam, was just on the earnings
guidance for next year. It includes a substantial amount of OpEx spending and really not getting much
leverage so I'm hoping you can walk through that a little bit because the initial guide kind of surprised
us. And then secondarily, I was hoping that you could walk through in terms of your sequencing guidance
for next year, Francis, in terms of the NovaSeq success that you've had thus far. Of the remaining HiSeq
existing customers that haven't converted, can you give a little more color kind of what's baked in, in
terms of the new v1.5 launch and how many of those you expect to convert and kind of what's impacted
in your guidance?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. Thanks, Dan. So this is Sam. Hope you're doing well. So let me talk a little bit about the EPS guide
of $5.10 to $5.35 for this year. Basically, we're expecting roughly 24% operating margin. So there is
an element of OpEx growth in there. And part of that is a onetime also impact related to stock-based
compensation that we talked about at JPMorgan when we provided the guide, which is related to 2 plans
for -- the '19 and '20 plans that were significantly impacted by the pandemic and that we are modifying
the targets on those plans. So that has a onetime catch-up expense in 2021 of approximately $50 million
to $55 million, and that's really a significant portion of the OpEx growth. Beyond that, we are continuing
to invest behind our platforms, behind our technologies, behind our assays so -- which we are committed
to. R&D is a big commitment for us.

As we look forward, Dan, our goal is to continue to improve in terms of the leverage on our operating
margin to get back to traditional operating margin levels that we had back in '19, which were close to
30%. That will take some time to get back to. But that's a commitment that we have, is to continue
to drive operating leverage by making sure that we're very actively focused on G&A investments and
reducing -- or making sure that those continue to grow beyond the rate of growth in revenues. But then
we continue to invest in R&D and, to some extent, commercial as well. But we are committed over the
long term to get back into operating leverage. And in fact, in the second half as well of the year, as we get
past the pandemic, the second half, we expect to see an improvement in terms of both gross margin and
operating margin versus the first half and definitely higher than the full year as well for gross margin and
operating margin.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Super. Thanks, Sam. So Dan, now I'll take your question about NovaSeq this year and touch specifically
also on the remaining HiSeq customers and how we're thinking about it this year. So I'll start by saying
that, look, we're entering this year with a lot of momentum on NovaSeq. The version 1.5 NovaSeq
reagents that we released in August really did a nice job in terms of unlocking the elasticity of demand
in that high-throughput segment of the market. And so as we talked about, coming into this year, we're
coming off a Q4 where, in our first quarter of selling the version 1.5 reagents, NovaSeq consumables had
a record, growing mid-teens year-over-year, so very strong from a consumable perspective.

And we talked about the fact that in Q4, we also had our second-highest order in terms of bookings orders
for NovaSeq. And the first highest was when we first launched NovaSeq back in 2017. So both from an
instruments perspective and a consumables perspective, we're coming off a really strong Q4, and we're
walking into this year with a really strong pipeline and a strong backlog following the orders that came

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

in, in Q4. So as we think about this year then, there are 2 sources of demand we see for NovaSeq. One,
and we talked about this in Q4 also, that we're seeing, because of 1.5, really an unlocking of demand from
new to high-throughput customers. And if you think about it, in Q4, over half the bookings went to new
to high-throughput customers. So again, that new pricing is opening up the market for new customers to
come in.

And the other source of demand for NovaSeq coming into this year is the remaining HiSeq customers. And
as we pointed out, there are -- of our original HiSeq base, we still have 320 customers that have yet to
begin the upgrade cycle. And now with the lower pricing on 1.5, these typically smaller core labs now have
a NovaSeq accessible to them. And if you look at the pricing now, all it takes for a HiSeq 2500 customer
is for them to run about 4 high-output kits a month, and they can justify the list price of a NovaSeq in a
year. In addition, with the 1.5 release, we extended the shelf life of the consumables from 3 months to 6
months, so they don't have to sequence as frequently to justify the upgrade. And then, finally, the new
35-cycle S4 kits also enables counting method now on the NovaSeq, which was important to those labs.
So you add all those in, and we're walking into this year with strong momentum on the NovaSeq side, and
that's what we expect to drive orders this year. In fact, we're expecting another strong year of NovaSeq
orders coming into 2021.

Operator

Your next question is from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

A couple of quick ones here. On the fourth quarter, was there any consumable stocking? We just hear
about from one of your peers last night. And then how much of the record order book was catch-up
spending versus, Francis, what you just talked about, the acceleration and adoption driven by the flow
cell? And then I'm curious why margins were so soft. You did have the price adjustments, the inventory
write-down and stock-based comp, but it seems like maybe there was more there. I'm curious if you're
kind of pulling forward any spending.

And then secondly, shifting to the outlook, it's good to see you're stepping up the first quarter guidance
here versus what you gave at our conference. I'm just curious if there was something that changed in
your outlook. The original guidance of down 9% to 10%, obviously, didn't really make a ton of sense.
So this is more of what I think people had been expecting anyway, but I'm curious what drove that. And
then Francis, more broadly, I'm wondering if you can comment on the surveillance opportunity, just how
material you think that could be and how much of that you think ends up getting done on short versus
long read?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. So maybe I'll cover a couple of the points that you mentioned upfront, Tycho, and I'll let Francis talk
about the surveillance aspect. So I think there's a lot there. So hopefully, I'll capture everything here. But
in terms of Q4 stocking, listen, we had a very strong quarter in Q4. We did not see any unusual stocking
beyond what you see traditionally at the year-end. I mean there's usually a reset of budgets at the end
of Q4, academic budgets at the end of the year. So beyond what we usually see every year, we have not
seen any unusual stocking in Q4.

And we validate this by looking at, basically, activity on our sequencers. We look at the activity, the data
that we have, looking at all the active sequencers that we have that are connected. And in fact, we saw a
strong increase in terms of activity levels in Q4 in terms of clinical, getting back and showing growth pre-
pandemic levels and in terms of research now going basically at pre-pandemic levels. So pleased to see
that and -- which validates that there wasn't any unusual stocking at the end of Q4.

In terms of gross margin, I think we talked about the drivers, Tycho. I mean we're still impacted by the
pandemic. Freight is still a factor for us in Q4. We did have the onetime write-down on certain inventory,
which was approximately a percentage point impact negatively on gross margin. And mix was an impact

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

as well in Q4 because we had strong instruments in the quarter as well. So those are the things that
impacted margins in Q4. We expect margins to improve in Q1, to progressively improve across 2021 and,
in the second half, in fact, to be, as I said earlier, above the full year average and starting to get back
to our -- what we call our normal levels of 70% plus -- not quite at 70% but close to that in the second
half. So we definitely see that as we start to get out of the constraints driven by the pandemic and which
resulted in higher freight and other higher expenses.

With regards to Q1 outlook, we are pleased to be raising our Q1 outlook based on what we're seeing.
We're seeing strength in the business. We're seeing strength in activity levels. Again, too early to
comment specifically. It's been 4 weeks since the start of the year. But everything that we're seeing in
terms of orders is really encouraging. So we are pleased with where the business has started.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Let me build on Sam's remark. So you're right, Tycho, this is a significant raise for us in terms of
what we were expecting for Q1 given what we shared at JPMorgan. And at JPMorgan, what we shared
was very typical for our business and other players in our business, which is sequentially, from Q4 to Q1,
because of the capital cycle, you expect a decrease in revenue. And that's what we called and we said,
look, you should expect us to be flat to Q1 of last year. But we're seeing a lot more strength even in the
first few weeks of the quarter. And that strength is coming from our core business, as Sam said, and we're
monitoring both -- not just orders, but we're monitoring activity levels. And exiting Q4 and into Q1, we're
seeing strong activity levels both from the clinical side of the business but also on the research side of the
business.

And so as we stand here, it's become clear to us that instead of being flat to a year ago, we're going to
be up high single digits. And so we're coming pretty close to where we were in Q4. That's unusual in this
business, but it really speaks to the strength that we're seeing in terms of orders coming in. Obviously,
there's a lot of the year left, and so we're leaving the year guidance intact but, certainly, with strength in
Q1.

In terms of surveillance, surveillance is something we've been talking about now for about a year. And
the idea is that, in addition to rolling out testing infrastructure to fight this pandemic, you will need
surveillance infrastructure to understand how the virus is spreading geographically and how it's mutating.
And that information about mutations are essential to understand that the tools we're using to fight the
pandemic, the diagnostics, the vaccines, the therapies, will continue to be effective. And really once the
outbreak we started to see around Christmas of the B-117 variants in the U.K. and then the South African
variant, that started to really get people to realize that we do need the surveillance infrastructure.

So it didn't contribute much in terms of revenue in Q4, and we've only built in a modest amount in Q1. But
you can see the activity, right? You can see the activity in COG-UK. You can see the activity in countries
around the world, in France, in Germany, in Italy and Spain and really sort of around the world. And we
expect that to continue over the course of this year as countries build out the surveillance infrastructures.
And that's going to be a durable surveillance infrastructure. We're going to need it in the future to warn us
of the next pandemic, to warn us of bioterrorist attacks, antimicrobial resistance.

And what's interesting is that Illumina's technology is uniquely well suited for this need. And the reason
for that is because we have unmatched accuracy. We can deliver at the highest scale. We can deliver the
price point per sample that's necessary. And we also have the first cleared product for our customers to
use. And so those things came together. And you'll see that playing out in the numbers, right? So right
at the very beginning, we were the sequencer used in Wuhan. And then in Shanghai to publish the first
viral genome. It was Illumina sequencing data that was used by the vaccine developers to develop the
vaccines, the mRNA vaccines that are being used today. And that was because of the accuracy of the
Illumina sequencing.

And now as you look at the large-scale initiatives, COG-UK and some of the other ones, it's Illumina
sequencers that's being used because of the scale that we can achieve and the throughput and the
turnaround time. And so you look at the numbers of the genomes in GISAID, for example, and you will see

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

that the vast majority of the data in GISAID, the vast majority of the genomes that have been sequenced
have been done on Illumina sequencers. And so very exciting, very important, starting now.

Operator

Your next question is from Doug Schenkel with Cowen.

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Let me just rattle through them real quick. On NovaSeq utilization, NovaSeq consumables pull-through on
an annualized basis, I believe, was above $1.2 million in the fourth quarter. I believe your expectation for
2021, at least in terms of what's embedded into guidance is $1.1 million to $1.2 million in per box. I'm
just wondering what's driving the assumption for slightly lower utilization versus Q4, keeping in mind that
there was no abnormal stocking in Q4. There's a couple of things I could think of, maybe it's just early
in the year, uncertainty especially as we're coming out of the pandemic. Maybe it's the expectation for a
lot more boxes being placed, which can pressure pull-through at least initially on an average basis. And/
or it could have something to do with the v1.5 reagent pricing having an impact, so some detail on that
assumption would be helpful.

And then the second thing I wanted to talk about was just GRAIL. Do you expect PATHFINDER data in Q1?
Is that still the case? When would you expect to initiate registration studies? And can you share anything
in terms of progress being made with self-insured employers, closed health care systems and/or concierge
systems?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

This is Sam. Maybe I'll start with your pull-through question, and then I'll let Francis talk to GRAIL. Yes, I
think you hit the nail on the head with the comments that you made around pull-through. I mean we had
a very, very, I would say, strong pull-through in Q4 in terms of $1.2 million per instrument. We were back
to above pre-pandemic levels, actually at the high end of the guidance range in terms of pre pandemic
levels. We do expect with the v1.5 that you will have -- that it will catalyze significant HiSeq conversion
with those 320 remaining HiSeq customers, so those will start to also transition to NovaSeq. That has,
I would say, a very -- a modest impact on pull-through on the downside, but also you have the large
centers that will drive pull-through higher on the upside.

And -- but as you said, we're still in a pandemic year. The first 6 months of the year are expected to still
be basically a pandemic reality, so to speak. And at this point, I think it's prudent that the guidance that
we have and the expectation that we have is the $1.1 million to $1.2 million range. But very encouraged
by what we saw in Q4.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And if I could add on the GRAIL side. So no new update. So what that means is that GRAIL's on track
for its PATHFINDER results, as they said at JPMorgan in their announcement for Q1, and they're on track
for a Galleri launch in Q2. We know they are making progress with both health systems and self-insured
employers. They haven't announced anything yet. But I know, for example, we are marching down the
path at Illumina to make the GRAIL test available to our employees in the second half of this year. And
as part of that process, our team has been engaged with other employers that are also in process with
them. The big announcement, obviously, from the health system side was the announcement around the
NHS, and that's tracking for the pilot to be launched this year. And as a reminder, that's 165,000 tests that
they've committed to doing with the intent then, assuming that goes well, to do 1 million tests in 2024
and then do a population-wide rollout.

Operator

Your next question is from Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Puneet Souda
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

20% sequencing consumable growth this year, just trying to understand a little bit in terms of you're
pointing out a number of growth drivers here, easy comps, obviously, new chemistry, $600 genome
discount that we saw in the fourth quarter. That's obviously driving elasticity of demand here as you would
have expected. There is increase in COVID sequencing, COVID variants that's coming in. There's post-
pandemic instrumentation buys and cancer patients potentially returning back as they get vaccinated in
2021 here. And MRD and screening, and those trials are ramping up, too. So just wanted to understand
sort of -- why the conservatism at 20% given all of that as a backdrop?

And then I also wanted to understand -- well, first of all, I appreciate you providing the road map details
in terms of product improvements that you expect. But wondering how should we look at that in light of
the customer event that you have coming up here. And then lastly, if I could also touch on MRD. That's
been a new focus area for GRAIL. So there are already 2 competitors in the place -- in the market there.
So how do you position into that market? And also, how do you -- what's your expectation in terms of
those other competitors? Obviously, they're running samples on Illumina sequencers, too. So what's your
expectation for the MRD market here, acceleration over the next 1 to 3 years? I appreciate you taking
these questions.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. Thanks, Puneet. Hope you're doing well. So this is Sam. I'll start with the sequencing consumable
question, and then I'll let Francis comment on the road map question and the MRD one as well. So we are
expecting 20% sequencing consumable growth this year for a number of reasons, there are some very
good tailwinds in the business and strength in the core business that drive us to that. As you mentioned,
additional market access and coverage for both on the NIPT side, on the genetic disease side, we're
seeing definitely growth in the comprehensive genomic profiling on the oncology side, the v1.5 is a great
introduction.

The COVID variance part, Puneet, we have not really assumed a significant impact of that in our guide.
That's something that we're really encouraged by in terms of the surveillance aspect. We are seeing
definitely strength from that. But again, a bit early to really size that for the full year. So that's not
significantly included in our guide, I would say. And then, remember, one other thing as well is we're still
-- and again, I don't want to sound like a broken record on this, but we're still in a pandemic year, and we
still have an expectation here that for the first 6 months of the year that we are in a pandemic. So this
-- I would not call this a normal year. But in the second half, we hope to be coming out of the pandemic
definitely with the progress that's being made around vaccination rates as well. But all good points that
you made. But hopefully, this gives you some additional background.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So now I will talk about 2 things. I'll talk about the customer event, I'll talk about the road map and
I'll talk about the GRAIL MRD test. So we do have a customer event. It's going to be sort of our first global
this year virtual customer event that we will have at the tail end of April. It's shaping up to be a terrific
event. And we have some fabulous speakers, and we have tracks for different segments of our customer
base. So there'll be a track, for example, on population sequencing where we will convene some of the
largest population sequencing initiatives around the world to come together, share best practices and learn
from each other. And we'll do the same thing on oncology testing and so on.

I suspect where you were going with that, Puneet, was so are we going to announce anything at the
customer event. And I've been on the record of saying I'd love to announce products in front of customers
rather than in front of bankers. But obviously, I can't say what we're going to do in terms of product road
maps. As a company, we don't preannounce products. What we did announce recently the P1 flow cell. On
the NextSeq, we announced ICA, the connected analytics platform at JPMorgan, which is seeing a really

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

nice traction in population sequencing efforts. And obviously, the v1.5. So you'll just have to stay tuned in
terms of what we announced when.

In terms of the GRAIL -- just MRD in general and the GRAIL MRD test. We are very excited about the
impact on the patient side from having an MRD test. We think that that will improve life for cancer
patients, enable them to catch recurrence earlier. And that's going to be an important market and is a big
opportunity. But as you said, there are 2 customers already of ours that have MRD tests. We will support
them. We want to make sure they're hugely successful because this is an important segment and a large
segment as a genomics application as well. So we'll continue to do everything we can to make sure they're
successful.

We're also excited about GRAIL's MRD test. And GRAIL has a little bit of a different take on their approach
on MRD. And the difference between what GRAIL is trying to do and what some of the other players are
trying to do is that some of the tests that exist in the market today are patient-specific tests. And so the
way it works is you do a tumor profile on a particular patient's cancer and you -- based on the tissue
sample you take from that patient, and then you create the test for that cancer patient. Then you -- and
you run that as a blood test then going forward. So a terrific test, very important, very groundbreaking,
but because you're taking a tissue sample and you're building a patient-specific test, it does take some
time.

GRAIL is using a different approach. They're basing their MRD test on their screening test, which means
it isn't patient specific, that it's the single blood test that they use for screening that they're using for
MRD as well. That should significantly compress the time frame in terms of having that test available for a
patient and doesn't require a tissue biopsy. And so we think they have a differentiated view in the market,
and we're excited about bringing that to the market as well and giving patients the choice. Over the last
few weeks, GRAIL announced some important partnerships. So at JPMorgan, we talked about the fact that
GRAIL announced partnerships with Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb as partners for its MRD
test, obviously, a terrific set of partners and continues to show good momentum around the development
of that test of GRAIL.

Operator

Your next question is from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Securities, Research Division

So 2 questions. So first one I would just want to talk about is, can you talk a little bit about the culture
expectations for the mid-range instruments for the NextSeq and MiSeq as you look into '21? I appreciate
the color on the NovaSeq, but some commentary there would be helpful, particularly, I think on the
NextSeq as you're sort of placing more instruments on the 2000 and 1000 side. And then the other side
-- the other question is a follow-up on Doug's. Can you talk a little bit on GRAIL in terms of thinking about
how you're going to do with sales and marketing plan here and how you're going to address customers?
I mean do you need to go out and build or buy a more primary care sales force given where your current
business is not exactly targeting that market? I'm just sort of curious in terms of your commercialization
plans and how you think about the go-to-market strategy.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

So maybe I will start with the pull-through question -- and thanks, Derik, by the way -- and Francis can
talk about GRAIL. With regards to pull-through on the mid-throughput and low throughput, Derik, so
starting with NextSeq, we will not yet give a pull-through expectation for NextSeq. There's a lot of moving
parts there, as you know, with regards to NextSeq 2000, the introduction being fairly recently at the end
of Q1 of last year, with the NextSeq 1000 coming into the mix as well late in the year. And so those will
have an impact on NextSeq 550, and we're still evaluating what the potential pull-through would look like
in terms of NextSeq 2000. So it would be premature right now to give a guidance range around what the
pull-through expectation is there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

With regards to low throughput, MiSeq and MiniSeq as well. MiSeq was impacted by the pandemic in
2020. So usually, we give a guidance range of 40,000 to 45,000 per box on MiSeq. It was impacted by
the pandemic in 2020, so it was well below that. And then it started to approach that lower end of the
range towards the end of 2020 in terms of the high 30s. So right now, we're expecting somewhere,
for MiSeq, close to 35,000 to 40,000 in terms of MiSeq pull-through per box for 2021. With regards to
MiniSeq, usually, the range is 20,000 to 25,000, and we are expecting to be on the low end of that range
for MiniSeq.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Sam. So let me pick up then on the commercialization plan for GRAIL. So let me start by saying
that post acquisition, the intent is to run GRAIL as a separate division. So it's going to have its own sort of
end-to-end infrastructure. The go-to-market plan for GRAIL, and you started to see glimpses of this, is not
going to be to build this big direct-to-physician sales force necessarily. The initial plan for GRAIL is to sell
to -- it's a B2B model, right, to sell to health systems, national health systems like the deal they talked
about with the NHS, for example, but also integrated health systems in the U.S. to sell to concierge health
systems and to sell to self-insured employers. And so that's an enterprise sale, a B2B sale. So similar to
what we do at Illumina, obviously, a little bit different, but we also have an enterprise sales force. And so
that's the intent with GRAIL going forward.

And while there might be some patient advocacy and some education, I think one of the advantages that
GRAIL have relative to some of the tests in the market today is that it's a blood test. And it doesn't require
a lot of pushing to get people to be compliant with the test that they have to take home, for example.
And so it's a little bit of a different model that they're using. Again, they are using that model today. So
they have sort of an IDE from the FDA, and they are returning results to patients in some really top-
tier health care systems, like the [ Cleveland ] and so on. And so that's the model that they are refining.
That's the model that's going to be rolled out at the NHS. And so that's the model we expect to continue
going forward.

Operator

Your next question is from Patrick Donnelly with Citi.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Great. I had a couple just on China. You guys saw the highest instrument revenue in a few years there
in the fourth quarter. I think you talked about seeing some more adoption in the hospital side. Can you
just provide a bit more color on what you're seeing in that region? Also, it would be great to get an update
on the competitive landscape. Have you seen any changes in China in terms of competitive behavior?
And then lastly, probably for Sam, just on the guidance, what are you assuming for China in terms of the
outlook?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. So maybe I will start with the last part because it's easy. So we are expecting revenue growth for
China that exceeds our overall revenue growth as a company, so I would say slightly above our overall
revenue growth. And we're seeing very encouraging things in China as evidenced by the performance in
Q4 and the instrument number that you talked about. But I'll let maybe Francis give some additional color.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes, so let me pick up on that. So we are, obviously, very bullish in China in the sense that we expect
China to grow faster than the overall company in 2021. So what's driving that? A few things. One, we're
now starting to see sort of the next wave of adoption in the clinical market in China. And so we're seeing
more hospitals embrace sequencing in their own hospital labs. And so that's sort of a wave that started to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

grow last year and, certainly, sort of picking up as we entered this year. That was part of the reason why
this last quarter in Q4 was the highest quarter we've had for instruments since 2017 when we launched
NovaSeq. And that was driven partially by hospitals starting to embrace sequencing and sort of bringing it
into their labs.

We are seeing COVID drive some purchasing of sequencing. We talked about the fact that, again, we
got called into Wuhan in December 2019. We've been involved since then as part of their pandemic-
fighting efforts. That's a part of this business. And again, it's part of a durable surveillance infrastructure
that's being built out. And then we continue to be long-term excited about the opportunity in China. And
you saw us, for example, announce the partnership with one of the top venture capital firms in China,
Sequoia Capital China, to launch a genomic incubator in China, to catalyze the next-generation of exciting
genomics applications that leverage Illumina's sequencing technology.

Operator

Your next question is from Sung Ji Nam with BTIG.

Sung Ji Nam
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Just a couple of quick ones. One is, just going back to the surveillance opportunity for COVID and other
applications in the future, I don't know if it's too early, but would you be able to kind of talk about
what that -- the market potential might be going forward? And if not, is this something -- is this an
infrastructure that's kind of the scale that the flu surveillance infrastructure might be currently? Or is
there a much larger scale kind of effort? And then just second question is, you guys talked about the
improvement on the flow cell, the order of magnitude improvement, leading to roughly 90% of cost
savings for the flow cell. What does that translate into in terms of the total all-in cost per genome?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

So maybe I'll start and talk about the surveillance opportunity. It's too early to size the surveillance
opportunity, I think, is sort of the short answer. But in terms of how to think about this, I think it's done
right, it's significantly bigger than what we have today with the flu. And obviously, this pandemic was sort
of a wake-up moment from so many perspectives. I'll give you one example. We were talking to officials
from the U.S. government at some point in sort of late Q1, early Q2, and there was a realization that we
have the coronavirus spreading in the U.S. for weeks, and people were dying, maybe months, and we
didn't even know that we had it. And that's a huge wake-up call because that's important not just for a
coronavirus pandemic but it has implications around surveillance for bioterrorism, for example. And so
the wake-up call is to say, look, we need the surveillance infrastructure, and we need a global surveillance
infrastructure. It's got to be genomic-based, and it's got to watch for emerging antimicrobial resistance,
new pathogens, bioterrorism. The scope of that is significantly bigger than flu tracking that happens today.

The other interesting dynamic that's playing out is this is absolutely a public health infrastructure,
essential for public health, absolutely. But it's also a defense infrastructure. And the 2 are funded very
differently, right? So public health, as you know, goes from panic to starvation, right? So there's the
panic, infrastructure that gets built and then maybe doesn't always get the funding follow-through.
Defense is not like that. And so this is going to be a combination of both. It's going to be a public health
infrastructure, and it's going to be part of the national defense infrastructure. And so if you think about
this long term, it's definitely got a scope that's significantly bigger in terms of thinking than what we do
with flu today.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. And Sung Ji, with regards to the 90% reduction, I mean, Francis introduced some really exciting
innovation road map and technology road map items at JPMorgan. And the 90% reduction in terms of
cost is really talking about not a product that we have today but really the road map that we have and the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

technologies that we have today that will become a product that takes us to the $100 genome and below
that even in terms of a cost per genome.

Operator

Your final question is from Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley.

Tejas Rajeev Savant
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

One quick cleanup on COVID surveillance, Francis. On the P1 flow cell, I believe it's shipping in the second
half of the year. Is there anything you can do to pull that forward in terms of the launch time line given
the focus on surveillance both in the U.S. and abroad and this need for a lower-throughput NextSeq
option? And then my second question is on GRAIL. In the past, you sort of alluded to the possibility of
potentially some sort of a risk-sharing structure and sort of Illumina being on the hook for -- or other
payers being on the hook for a rise in overall diagnostic testing costs following Galleri deployment in
order to encourage customers to participate in pilots. Have you sort of like chopped any wood in terms of
implementing those sort of arrangements just yet? Or is it still too early?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Got it. So let me answer the P1 question and then pick up on the sort of, I guess, partnerships. I'll start
by saying now you know how I feel, right, in the sense that we have this incredible portfolio of products
that our engineering team is building. And just every one of them I wish we could get earlier because
when I think about the impact -- and it's 18% of our revenue we spend in R&D and it's a breathtaking
set of products that the team is building. They're going as fast as they can to get the product out with
the quality they need, especially given the important work that our customers do with our products. So
while I'd love to, the reality is we can't pull P1 forward, although I know people really, really want it. And
that's true across our entire portfolio. And I think you're right, it will actually have -- it will have really an
important role to play even in surveillance.

I think your second question was around the partnerships that we were looking to do with other customers
in the oncology diagnostics space that we're looking to get into screening. And we're making progress
with those customers. We've signed supply agreements, long-term supply agreements, with some of
those customers and continuing dialogue with the remaining customers. And so our commitment is to
continue to supply them with the technology they need and make sure that they have all equal access to
the technologies that we commercialize going forward. In some cases, those are agreements that are over
a decade long. And that's great for our customers. That's great for us, too.

Operator

And there are no further questions at this time. Your closing remarks, please.

Juliet Cunningham
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. Thank you so much, everyone, for the great questions. As a reminder, there is a replay of this
call that will be available tomorrow on our website, on the Investor Relations page. We look forward to
updating you on our progress after the close of Q1. Take care.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

