Ingersoll Rand Inc. NYSE:IR
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 12, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.27

0.25

(7.41 %)

0.21

1.13

1.50

Revenue  (mm)

1273.30

1269.80

(0.27 %)

1174.29

5181.97

5647.11

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-12-2020 1:08 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.39

0.38

0.34

0.27

0.43

0.41

0.37

0.25

10.26 %

7.89 %

8.82 %

(7.41 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Emily A. Weaver
Former Executive Officer

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Markus Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand First Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Vik Kini, Head of Investor Relations.
Thank you. Please go ahead.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand 2020 First Quarter Earnings Call. I'm Vik Kini, Ingersoll
Rand's Investor Relations leader; and with me today are Vicente Reynal, Chief Executive Officer; and Emily
Weaver, Chief Financial Officer.

Our earnings release, which was issued this morning and a supplemental presentation, which will
be referenced during the call are both available on the Investor Relations section of our website,
www.irco.com. In addition, a replay of this morning's conference call will be available later today.

Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that certain of the statements on this call are
forward-looking in nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in our previous SEC
filings, which you should read in conjunction with the information provided on this call. For more details
on these risks, please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and our current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
May 1, 2020, which are available on our website at www.irco.com. Additional disclosure regarding forward-
looking statements is included on Slide 2 of the presentation.

In addition, in today's remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a
reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance
with GAAP in our slide presentation and in our release, which are both available on the Investor Relations
section of our website.

I will also remind everyone that in both our earnings release and today's presentation, we have
included both as-reported financials and supplemental financial information to assist with analysis and
comparatives. The as-reported financials only include the Ingersoll Rand Industrial segment results from
the closing date of the transaction on February 29, 2020, and the supplemental financial information
provides results as if the transaction had occurred as of January 1, 2018, to provide a full quarter of
comparable results.

Turning to Slide 3. On today's call, we will provide an update on the top priorities of the company in the
current operating environment as well as review our first quarter total company and segment highlights.
We will conclude today's call with a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I will now turn it over to Vicente Reynal, Chief Executive Officer.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Vik, and good morning to everyone on the call. I would like to kick off today's presentation
by sending our thoughts to all who have been affected by COVID-19 and all the dedicated health care
workers, first responders and volunteers who are on the front lines, all over the world, battling this
pandemic. I would also like to take a moment to say a sincere thank you to all of the Ingersoll Rand
employees around the world. The pictures on Slide 4 are just a few examples of our dedicated global
workforce who have adapted to the new realities of the work environment to continue to serve our
customers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Every day, I hear of new examples of our businesses providing mission-critical products to our customers,
and I am proud of what our company represents and how our employees have responded to these
unprecedented times. While there continues to be a lot of uncertainty about the future, one thing I am
sure about is that Ingersoll Rand will continue to keep the safety of our communities and serving our
customers at the center of everything we do. And that wouldn't be possible without the dedication and
hard work of all of our employees.

Moving to Slide 5. I would like to ground everyone on the critical priorities we're following during these
challenging times. When we closed the transaction a little over 2 months ago, we could have never
anticipated that within a matter of weeks we will be dealing with a global pandemic causing disruptions to
our customers, supply chain and the day-to-day operations of the company.

Our response speaks to how the IRX toolkit has effectively helped us to plan, accelerate and adapt our
actions to act quickly and decisively around 3 core priorities. First, ensuring the safety of our employees,
customers and the community. Second, around keeping a strong focus on the integration and execution
to ensure the financial stability of the company through these uncertain times. And finally, continuing to
execute on the strategy of the company as we have multiple catalysts to drive ongoing value creation.
The strength of Ingersoll Rand team aligned around these 3 priorities will position the company to emerge
from this crisis as a stronger and more unified company.

The next slide is a reminder that our purpose and values as well as our execution engine that we call IRX
are really at the heart of how we operate as a company, especially in these unprecedented times. During
the integration process, we spent a lot of time thoughtfully creating the company's purpose, one that is
centered around our stakeholders where we know that they can lean on us to help make life better. This
purpose, when combined with the 4 key values that our teams live on a daily basis, creates a framework
of what we want to achieve as a company. And the basis of how we do it is the Ingersoll Rand's execution
excellence process. The simplicity and effectiveness of this is allowing us to accelerate the creation of a
single culture across Ingersoll Rand.

Turning to Slide 7. I would like to briefly update you on the company's response to the COVID-19 crisis
since it has been swift and focused around 2 major components. First is the health and safety and well-
being of our employees, customers and communities. And second, business continuity, not only within
operations but across the larger supply chain.

Starting first with health and safety, we activated our COVID-19 task force in February and had a full
coordinated company approach in early March, just weeks after the creation of the new company. Our
execution approach has served us very well as we were able to quickly implement enhanced site safety
protocols and mandatory work-from-home policy for those employees who can work remotely. And it is
very encouraging that our quick actions have been successful as we currently have had fewer than 30
confirmed cases of COVID-19 amongst our more than 17,000 global employee base. But it's more than
just implementing safety protocols. It's also about supporting and engaging the employee base.

As a result, we have implemented a number of measures, including a global outreach program to solicit
employee feedback. Our employees reacted quickly and with a true ownership mindset, provided more
than 200 suggestions when we asked for cost savings ideas. Not only did our team volunteered to
take individual pay cuts, furloughs and forego vacation time this year, they have thoughtful in-depth
suggestions, many of which we're actively implementing today.

From a business continuity perspective, starting first with our operations, as we previously communicated,
we have seen plants, largely in China, Italy and India, impacted due to COVID-19. China was largely
impacted in the months of January and February and has seen steadily improved capacity and output
through March and into April, as things are now largely back to normal. Italy and India saw about a 2-
month lag to China with operations being impacted in late March and into April. And in this time, our
sites around the globe are 98% operational, with India still being the most impacted due to governmental
restrictions on returning to work.

The supply chain has seen a similar trend as the impact in China is largely behind us, and we currently
have no meaningful delivery issues. The Americas and EMEA regions are stabilizing as impacted suppliers

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

in the U.S. and Italy have started to come back online. In the past few weeks, we have seen the number
of impacted suppliers drop by more than half, which is a very good sign, and we're supplementing supply
from dual sources from other regions where possible. Much like our operations, India continues to be the
most impacted aspect of the supply chain, and we expect the situation to improve in the latter half of May
when governmental restrictions begin to ease.

We are addressing the current environment head-on by actively managing those areas within our control.
So let me tell you about what we're doing here. Starting with Slide 8. Through the use of IRX, we have
been able to build the cost synergy funnel to over $350 million, with increases across all major savings
categories, and we continue to identify areas of incremental opportunity. As a reminder, we expect to
be able to realize the anticipated transaction cost synergies of approximately $250 million by the end of
year 3 after closing. We expect to incur approximately $450 million of expense in connection with both
achieving these cost synergies and the associated stand-up of the new company.

As we have stated multiple times over the past few quarters, the pacing of synergy delivery was always an
area we believe we could accelerate based on market conditions, and that is exactly what we have done.
We have dramatically increased the pace, having already executed on $90 million of annualized structural
cost reductions with approximately $70 million savings expected to be delivered in 2020. The majority of
these savings are coming from head count actions already taken in the past 2 months as we streamline
the company and reduce layers within the organization.

In addition, we have deployed the first wave of procurement initiatives with RFQs for nearly 1/3 of our
historical direct material spend base already launched as well as some quick win initiatives being deployed.
In total, we're now expecting to deliver approximately 35% of our overall synergy target in 2020, which
is approximately 3x higher than the original year 1 expectation of 10% to 15% realization. We're keeping
the overall cost synergy target at $250 million over a 3-year time frame at this time to remain prudent on
volume-dependent synergies like procurement and I2V given the current environment. It is not only the
structural cost that we have taken out, but also how we are supplementing our synergy delivery activities
with thoughtful short-term cost reductions to protect margins.

So let's move to Slide 9 to talk about that. In Q1, despite the 15% revenue decline that we saw
collectively across the business on a pro forma basis, we were able to limit adjusted EBITDA decrementals
to less than 30%, with the strongest performance coming from our 2 largest segments. We expect that
these additional actions will yield $40 million to $50 million of incremental cost savings in the P&L this
year with the majority coming in the second quarter and third quarter. We will continue to reevaluate on
a monthly basis and if demand environment does not accelerate in the second half of the year, we will
potentially extend some of these actions and increase our savings target accordingly.

While we're making some tough decisions to control costs, one area that we are not cutting back is
strategic growth initiatives across the enterprise. Most like we did back in 2015 at Gardner Denver, when
we invested through the downturn to capitalize on market share gains and new product opportunities,
we're following the same playbook today. Investments in R&D are being maintained at similar levels as
prior years, and we continue to fund targeted commercial initiatives, such as demand generation and our
IoT platforms. This is all part of the strategy to play offense, now especially as we bring the 2 companies
together through the integration.

Moving to Slide 10. Let me talk about liquidity. The company continues to have a strong balance sheet
with ample liquidity. At the time of the merger, we took the opportunity to reprice our legacy debt while
placing the new $1.9 billion term loan to close the transaction. All of our debt is a term loan B structure
with very attractive pricing as the U.S. components are LIBOR plus 175 and the Europe component is a
Eurobor plus 200. The term loans have no financial covenants from a maintenance perspective, and there
are no maturities until 2027. Liquidity also remains strong at $1.6 billion as we finished the quarter with
$556 million of cash on the balance sheet and over $1 billion of capacity on our existing credit facilities.

As we look ahead, we continue to see several opportunities to earn the cash as we remain very prudent on
preserving liquidity. Opportunities exist across working capital and cash taxes. And we will continue to see
tailwinds from interest expense in the second half of the year as all $825 million of legacy fixed interest

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

rate swaps will expire by September of 2020. Even though we feel our level of liquidity is proper, we're
evaluating incremental debt or other liquidity vehicles given the attractive rate and covenant environment.

Turning to Slide 11. Our commitment to our long-term strategy remains unwavering. You have heard me
already reference several elements of our strategy as we're building the culture of Ingersoll Rand with
our employees at the core. We will continue to act quickly and prudently to protect margins and preserve
liquidity. And at the same time, we will position the company for future growth, both organically and
through opportunistic targeted bolt-on M&A. Our business operates in a very fragmented markets, and we
see opportunities to add niche technologies to the portfolio. And importantly, our newest strategic priority
of operating sustainably is taking shape as we launched several of our ESG-oriented initiatives already.
Overall, we have several value creation levers as we look ahead, and we will continue to execute despite
the uncertain macroeconomic landscape.

I will now turn it over to Emily to walk you through the financials. Emily?

Emily A. Weaver
Former Executive Officer

Thanks, Vicente. On Slide 12, you will see the as-reported financials for the company. As a reminder,
the reported financials include 3 months of legacy Gardner Denver and 1 month of the legacy Ingersoll
Rand Industrial segment in Q1 2020 and only the legacy Gardner Denver businesses in Q1 of 2019. As
a result, the comparisons are impacted materially by the transaction. I won't spend a lot of time on this
page as a result other than to mention that the as-reported net income in the quarter includes $197
million of amortization, acquisition, restructuring and other adjustments, which you can see listed in the
reconciliation tables in the appendix of the presentation.

Turning to Slide 13. To assist in clean comparatives for the quarter, we provided supplemental financial
information, which treats the transaction as if it had happened as of January 1, 2018. From a total
company perspective, FX-adjusted revenue and orders declined 14% and 7%, respectively, and were
impacted by COVID-19. Regionally, we saw notable declines in Asia Pacific as well as sharp declines in the
U.S. and Europe towards the end of the quarter, most notably in the IT&S segment. This led book-to-bill to
finish at 1.11 for the quarter.

The company delivered $208 million of adjusted EBITDA, a decline of 24%, driven mostly by the volume
declines in IT&S and the expected downturn in the HPS segment. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 16.4%,
down 200 basis points from last year. However, our proactive cost controls within the business limited
decrementals to 29%. In terms of adjusted EBITDA composition for the company, the legacy Gardner
Denver business delivered $97 million as compared to our original guidance expectation of approximately
$100 million, which we view as relatively strong performance given the environment. The legacy IR
businesses delivered $51 million of adjusted EBITDA in March as opposed to a combined $60 million for
January and February.

Moving to Slide 14. Free cash flow for the quarter was $60 million on an as-reported basis, including
$8 million of CapEx. The Q1 free cash flow includes $63 million of outflows related to the transaction,
comprised of $38 million of synergy delivery and stand-up-related costs and another $25 million of
transaction fees. We also paid $38 million of debt issuance costs in the quarter, which you can see in the
financing section of the cash flow statement, bringing our total transaction-related outflows in the quarter
to $100 million.

From a leverage perspective, we finished at 2.6x, and while we do expect to see some short-term increase
to leverage, we have shown the ability to delever historically.

As you can see on the right side of the page, we'll remain extremely disciplined on cash, and we expect
our capital allocation priorities to be very aligned with what you have seen historically, specifically, internal
reinvestments for growth, prudent debt paydown and opportunistic bolt-on M&A. We have no plans for any
share repurchases or a dividend at this time.

I'll now turn it back to Vicente to walk through the segments. Vicente?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Emily. Starting first with Industrial Technologies & Services on Slide 15. The IT&S segment first
quarter adjusted order intake was $889 million, down 9% versus prior year, excluding FX. Adjusted
revenues in the quarter were $796 million, down 17%, excluding FX, and leading to a book-to-bill ratio of
1.12x. From a regional perspective, Asia Pacific revenues were down in the mid-30s, with Europe down
15% and Americas down 7%, all excluding FX. We use this trending as an indication of how Q2 could
potentially play out, meaning that the APAC decline in Q1 is what we expect to see in Americas and EMEA
in the near term.

This is the baseline we're using to plan the cost controls for our business, but we're staying highly active
with demand generation activities and pricing controls, where we continue to demonstrate discipline in
price, generating over 1% in the quarter. While these markets are more opaque than historically, we're
using our unique data acquisition strategy to map order trends and remain agile in serving our customers
in the current environment.

We break this out into 2 areas: aftermarket and original equipment. For aftermarket, a leading indicator
we have is actual compressor utilization data as we can see the hourly usage of thousands of compressors
worldwide that are connected to our remote monitoring systems. In Americas and Europe, we saw a sharp
decline in compressor utilization in the last 3 weeks of March of nearly 30%, with some recovery in the
past few weeks of April. We're now using this as a way to know where our service teams need to focus
while at the same time using it as a leading indicator for aftermarket activity, which is approximately 50%
of the compressor business today.

For original equipment, we're using demand generation leads. We said in the past that demand gen was
a leading indicator of orders that we will be getting in the next 6 to 8 weeks. With more than 1,000 leads
per week, we have a lot of commercial insight in our system. What we saw in the latter weeks of March
was a drop of 30% versus what we saw earlier in the quarter, with similar trends in America and Europe.
We have seen also early signs of improvement over the past few weeks of April, but still approximately
20% to 25% off from the highs in the early part of the year.

Let me give you now some color from a product line perspective. We have seen very similar trends across
compressors, blowers and vacuums where we saw orders down in the mid- to high-single digits. We have
spoken about third-party industry reports in the past, and the Q1 data speaks well for the outcome of the
combining of the 2 companies. According to a leading third-party report, the market in the U.S. was down
mid-single digits in dollars in the first quarter. Gardner Denver branded products were flat, and Ingersoll
Rand branded product was down high single digits.

But when you look into the details, you see the power of the 2 companies as Gardner Denver saw good
share gains on low-to-medium horsepower machines while Ingersoll Rand took share on high horsepower
compressors. This was exactly our hypothesis coming into the deal. And we see this as a way to leverage
the technology portfolio as well as the direct and indirect channels that both companies have. Power
tools and lift, which is part of the segment, had a very tough quarter with orders and revenue down both
over 20%. The business was highly impacted by large inventory purchases that online retailers typically
make in the first quarter to support first half of the year revenue. However, this quarter, in addition to the
slowdown of the market, many online retailers switched their focus to household essentials.

Moving to non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA. IT&S delivered $135 million in the quarter, which was down 25%.
Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA margin was 17%, which was down 150 basis points from the prior year, as our
cost mitigation efforts helped limit decremental to 25% in a segment that typically has base incrementals
of 35% to 40% before cost actions.

Moving to Slide 16 to the Precision and Science Technologies segment. Overall, the segment had solid
performance in this economic environment as adjusted orders were $218 million, up 2% ex FX. Adjusted
revenue was $192 million, down 9% ex FX on strong prior year comps of 12% ex FX growth and shipment
delays due to COVID-19. This platform is a collection of technologies and premium brands that have
leadership positions in very attractive niche markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

In the first quarter, we saw orders grow high single digits in the legacy medical pump business as we are
a leading key player in several applications like oxygen concentrators, respirators and liquid handling.
You can see many of the applications that our medical pumps go into at the bottom of the page. Our
teams have been working 24x7, providing modified solutions that can be used for new applications to fight
COVID-19 now and in the future. The remainder of the portfolio saw slightly negative orders performance,
down 2% ex FX with the majority due to COVID lockdowns in January and February in China and towards
the end of the quarter in India. What is encouraging is that we continue to see good funnel and orders
activity across many of the product lines and regions due to the niche applications in water and chemicals,
which will help balance some of the expected weaknesses in the more industrial end markets.

Moving to non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, P&ST delivered $53 million in the quarter, which is down 6%.
Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.7%, up 120 basis points, driven by strong cost controls and
productivity leading to decremental margins of only 15%.

Moving to Slide 17 and the Specialty Vehicle Technology segment. Our priorities for this segment are to
continue to capture growth in a profitable manner. We see that this segment can expand margins with
the use of the same IRX tools we have used across other segments and expect to see improvements
of this business going forward. Having said that, this business performed very well in the first quarter.
Adjusted orders were $230 million and adjusted revenue was $185 million, up 8% and 7%, respectively,
with a book-to-bill of 1.15. Growth was driven by the strength in golf, connectivity and consumer product
lines. The business saw strong double-digit order momentum in early January and February, but as the
pandemic hit the U.S., we saw a sharp decline in the second half of March.

While there is a lot to be excited about, we're expecting Q2 to be down compared to last year for a couple
of reasons. First, last year was a tough comp as the business had some supplier issues in the first quarter
where some product was shifted to the second quarter of 2019. And two, the business is not immune
to this current environment. While April orders were down year-over-year, we're starting to see some
sequential improvement in orders. We feel this is driven by a couple of factors. First, in the consumer
product line, the team pivoted quickly to leveraging demand generation techniques widely used in the
legacy industrial businesses, and we have seen better momentum recently in the run rate. And second,
with the work we have done on proactive COVID prevention across all of our locations, we were able to
remain open while some of our competitors were closed.

Moving to non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, Specialty Vehicles delivered $18 million in the quarter, down
1%. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA was 9.9%, which was down 80 basis points due to strategic growth
investments and product mix.

Moving to Slide 18 and the High Pressure Solutions segment. The business performed above our
expectations in a tough operating environment with adjusted orders of $84 million and adjusted revenues
of $96 million, down 26% and 29%, respectively. I suspect that the revenue base in the business was
nearly 90% aftermarket and the team executed very well commercially with sequential adjusted orders
of 6% and sequential adjusted revenues up 26% versus the fourth quarter of 2019. We continue to see
share gain opportunities in aftermarket and specifically consumables where we saw orders and revenue
up double digits sequentially. This allowed us to deliver non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $24 million and
margins of 24.6%, which was down from last year level of 30.8%, but sequentially better by over 400
basis points.

As we pivot to the second quarter and rest of the year, a key leading indicator for this business has always
been activity and intensity. We can measure that in multiple ways, but the simplest form is the number of
fleets operational in the market. As a reminder, each frac fleet has about 16 to 18 trucks, with each truck
carrying one pump. Each pump has a fluid -- enabled fluid and utilizes consumables.

For Q1 of 2020, on average, we saw 318 active fleets, the exit rate in March was 240. We expect to see a
substantial drop in the second quarter where we believe in the months of April ended at roughly 50 active
fleets due to the recent dynamics in the market with the oversupply and lower pricing for oil. And this
will have a meaningful impact on revenues within this segment. And because of that, we're taking very
proactive stands to drive proper cost takeout to still show reasonable profitability in the quarters to come.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Moving to Slide 19. We wanted to provide a quick snapshot of how the business has performed thus far
in April. Overall, the total company is down approximately 20% in orders as the month began very slow,
particularly in U.S. and European markets. While we're encouraged by the order momentum throughout
April, we expect total revenue to be lower than orders in the second quarter.

In terms of orders, both Industrial Technology & Services and Specialty Vehicle segments were right in line
with the total company average, while Precision and Science Technology is performing considerably better
with positive year-over-year orders performance thus far as a result of continued strength in medical
pumps. And not surprisingly, the High Pressure Solutions segment is down approximately 80% in orders
as the market resets for what will likely be a prolonged downturn that we expect will last for a number of
quarters.

As we look forward, due to the uncertain environment that we find ourselves in, we will not be providing
Q2 or total year guidance at this time. However, to best manage our business and ensure we're taking the
right steps to manage during the downturn, we're running multiple scenarios to stress test the balance
sheet and the associated impact on cash flows. Our current model shows that the business will need to
be down 40% on an annual basis to be cash flow breakeven using fairly conservative assumptions around
working capital and CapEx, coupled with the cost actions we have taken thus far. We feel that this puts
us in a very solid position moving forward when compared to current order trends and coupled with our
current liquidity position.

Turning to Slide 20 for some concluding remarks. I want to say that while we manage through what will
no doubt be a tough second quarter and an uncertain recovery thereafter, we feel that the fundamental
investment thesis in the company has not changed. Ingersoll Rand is a premier industrial company and we
are in the early stages of our transformation. We have multiple levers for accelerating value creation while
being very focused on the current priorities. We feel good about our liquidity with opportunities to increase
these by unlocking cash as well as taking advantage of the current rate environment. We will continue to
drive a culture of execution, and we continue to pay attention to the opportunities in our large addressable
market, particularly on the current conditions to be strategic on bolt-on acquisitions.
With this, we will turn the call back to the operator and open the call for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Vicente, can you give us more color into the April order decline you're seeing in your largest segment in
IT&S? First of all, how long do you think the change in customer behavior from that power tools business
that you talked about can less? And obviously, you now have smaller upstream, but especially downstream
and midstream-related exposure in IT&S. So are there discernible differences in the run rate of these
businesses, given it's -- they're more project versus the industrial compressor business?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Andy, let me just give you a little bit of color. I mean as you saw, we said roughly April, total orders
down 20%, book-to-bill greater than 1%. From a book-to-bill perspective, the Industrial Technology and
the Precision and Science were greater than 1% and obviously leading the way. I'll say, in terms of IT&S,
in particular, I will categorize it as the short-cycle was most impacted in the quarter and continue to see
some relatively weakness here moving forward. I mean it's mostly correlated to, I guess, maybe the PMI.

From the down and the midstream, which is what we consider to be more on the loan cycle, I'll say,
comparatively, a bit more stable in the first quarter, and we kind of continue to see maybe some of that
in the month of April. Again, typically, we tend to get the orders for that loan cycle now in the first half of
the year in order to get shipments in the second half. And from a PP -- from a power tool perspective, yes,
I mean, rough quarter in the -- in Q1, as I alluded. I mean, last year, they were seeing some fairly good
growth momentum from their expansion into online retailers. And you saw that in the first quarter, many
of these online retailers, they've moved to have another kind of more household goods or critical needs to
fight COVID 19. And clearly, this business saw some of the impact. I'd say April still is relatively slow. So
we haven't seen the pivot of the momentum of the power tool business.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

So -- that's helpful, Vicente. And I'm sure you expected us to ask about decremental margin in some
way. So let me just ask it like this. Obviously, good results in Q1 of close to 30%. How do I think about
decrementals with High Pressure Solutions? The orders down 80%. Can you hold decrementals there in
the mid-40s? At what point the fixed costs become a problem? I know you talked about accelerated cost
out. As you think about the rest of the business, can the rest of the business hold 30% decrementals with
the 20% decline that you're seeing overall in the rest of the business?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So I'd say, Andy, I mean, that's kind of what we're targeting for. And I mean, as you have seen,
we have performed well in the down cycles in the past. I think we have a good solid playbook that
we executed in the '15, '16 that included both not only in industrial downturn, but also an upstream
downturn. Base decrementals, they tend to be around 40% across the business with slightly higher in
businesses like the High Pressure, as you mentioned, as well as the Precision and Science because of
the nice, high gross margins that those businesses have and lower on the Specialty Vehicles. And the
Industrial Technology, they tend to play in that kind of 40% range.

You've seen that we have taken very decisive actions between synergies and the short-term actions to
protect the margin. We saw, as you mentioned, some very good first quarter results for the total business
under 30%. And Q2 will clearly see a bit more pressure from a top line perspective, but we will continue

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

to manage the incrementals with the target being closer to that 30% of the EBITDA. And when you think
about the actions, we're clearly taking much more aggressive actions on High Pressure around cost actions
based on what we see here with a lot of our data points and the long duration of the downturn that we
expect that business to have.

Operator

Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a first question on that point on decremental margins. So if you could help us understand
perhaps the phasing of the cost synergies through the year and also of that $40 million to $50 million of
other cost out actions? And should those mean that decremental margins narrow in the second half or not
necessarily depending on mix and some other things?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So maybe break it down into the 2 buckets, as you suggested. I mean on the $40 million to $50
million that we spoke about that are kind of more related to discretionary or kind of volume related. Those
are largely second quarter and the third quarter with a good majority, I would say, more so on the second
quarter. From the cost synergy perspective, the $70 million -- out of the $80 million to $90 million of in
year, roughly $70 million of that is head count, and I'll say that is kind of consistent through the second
quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter while the other roughly $10 million to $20 million that comes
from procurement, it is really more weighted towards that kind of Q3 and Q4.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

That's very helpful. And then maybe just my second question for you or for Emily around the free cash
flow. You had a good performance in Q1. Just wondered -- you had the slide on the very broad brush sort
of assumptions around breakeven free cash. But assuming that down $40 million doesn't play out, what
kind of -- sales are down, call it, 20%, 25% for the year, what type of free cash flow conversion should we
expect? How do you see working capital moving? And maybe just remind us, you had, I think, in the free
cash that $63 million of transaction and separation cash cost in Q1. What's the rough assumption for the
year?

Emily A. Weaver
Former Executive Officer

Yes. There will -- so we're very pleased with the Q1 cash performance, as you saw there, Julian. And
we've been managing cash from the day after the transaction very carefully and continuing to put in
good processes and strong controls around it given the current crisis. We expect cash to still be good as
we move forward, but certainly a longer cash cycle as we move through what's going to happen here
with COVID-19. And we're really managing payments as in response to the collections we're receiving to
maintain our strong cash flow and liquidity positions.

What the future holds, a lot of that's going to depend on things that we can't predict at this time, for sure,
but we know we've got the right processes in place to maintain our cash position and our liquidity.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And how about the transaction and separation costs? I mean any very rough guidepost for the year in light
of that $63 million in Q1?

Emily A. Weaver
Former Executive Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Yes. There will be some incremental cash outflows in Q2. I don't have the figure at my fingertips at the
moment, Julian, but I can get back to you on that.

Operator

Your next question comes from Michael Halloran from Baird.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So can we just talk about the synergy funnel you referenced? What are some of the incremental sources
in that relative to the originally identified $250 million of synergies and maybe talk about the difference
you're seeing more on the cost side versus longer term some of the revenue synergy opportunities you're
seeing?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Mike, as you recall, we always said that we were going for a funnel higher than the $250 million. As
we -- with 60 days into the transaction, we have obviously a much more kind of line and clear visibility as
to what that funnel could potentially be. Roughly, the $100 million comes from a combination of structural
savings as well as some quick footprint rationalization, kind of nonmanufacturing. We alluded to on the
investors call that we had back in April that we have now a pretty good database of all the locations across
the world, and that is giving us a very good way for us to really understand and rationalize. Not so much
the manufacturing yet because we still see manufacturing kind of coming year 2, year 3, but more the
other kind of quick hits that we can take from a footprint perspective.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So second part of the question, liquidity is in a strong position. Once you get through some of the one-off
things associated with the time of restructuring, the separation and some of the extra things Emily just
referenced. What would it take for you guys to be a little bit more aggressive with the cash outflow? And
then secondarily, related to that, do you think the fact that we're going into some sort of recession here,
who knows how long, visibility is low, but do you think the opportunity is going to accelerate for you to
play capital more towards the M&A side of things over the next couple of years? And are you positioned for
that today? And any kind of thoughts on how you're thinking cumulatively about that capital side over the
next 6, 9 plus months?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No, absolutely, Mike. I mean I think, clearly, over the next couple of years, we see M&A continue to
be really part of our strategy. Still -- we see -- it's a very unique environment right now. We still see, at
this point in time, some very good funnel on bolt-on. We see also a very good funnel around the Precision
and Science as well as some of the Industrial Technologies, but they're really more related towards bolt-
ons.

Operator

Your next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

So I wanted to just go back to the Industrial Tech performance. So a little bit surprised to see the down
17% pro forma performance and it seems like most of that came from the legacy IR businesses. Can you
just maybe just kind of spell out in a bit more detail how much of that can be explained by the geographic
and end market mixes of the Industrial -- of the IR Industrial business? And also what happened to service
during the quarter?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

What was your last question, Nigel? What happened to what?

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Yes. What happened to service? Within that down 17%, how was how service? Yes.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So to the first question, yes, I mean, I think -- I mean, China was definitely impacted largely in
January and February. The legacy IR business, they have a pretty sizable China exposure, and we saw an
impact to that. In terms of the service, we saw service better than original equipment. I mean, typically,
we saw roughly about 2x from a percentage perspective, better performance than the original equipment.
And just to kind of give you maybe a little bit more color here, particularly, as there's some external
ways of comparing some of the industrial technology, the industrial technology is composed of multiple
technologies, compressors, vacuums and blowers. And our compressor business is clearly within the
Industrial Technologies.

When we specifically compare to some of the competitors, a couple of data points that we look at is what
I referenced in terms of the third-party report. At the same time, just to give you a further perspective,
the legacy Gardner Denver business in Q1, orders were down in the low single digit, which is kind of
comparable to what we saw in the market. And since we didn't own the legacy IR for the full quarter, we
just tend to not comment on what we saw specifically January and February that they saw from an order
perspective. But that hopefully gives you a good perspective as to how we were able to perform even on
the legacy GD.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Great. And then switching to the High Pressure business. This business becomes so small now, not so
much involvement. But if it is down 80% in the quarter, it implies revenues of 25% to 30%. I mean is it
possible to break even at those kind of levels? And given you're clearly expecting this business to be kind
of like weaker the longer, would you expect revenues to kind of like just bounce on the trough here for the
next several quarters? I mean any color there would be helpful.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Nigel, so for sure, that's what we're targeting to be breakeven positive. I mean we're taking some
pretty aggressive actions. At the same time, I mean, this business is now 100% aftermarket and
consumables. So that kind of carries a much better margin profile too as well. And those factories are kind
of not needed based on volume. I mean we're basically keeping them close or very, very low exposure.

So yes, I mean, I think the team has a pretty good playbook on how to navigate this. It is something that
we have done extensive work. And I think we see that we can definitely overcome these kind of long term.
And our plan is that it's going to be down for a while. And to the second question, I mean, clearly, it's a
market that, as you saw, we just invested in new fluid end technology. So that when the market comes
back up again, we can be ready for capturing some accelerated market share.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research Partners.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Why don't we just come back to service for a moment? Vicente, interesting comment about utilization
down 30%. But how do we actually interpret and apply that to a forward look, right? That doesn't
necessarily mean your sales are going to be down 30% into service. I don't believe. I don't know if you
have enough data historically to kind of piece that together, but what does that down 30% tell you?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Jeff, great question. So in terms of the historical data, we don't have a lot of historical because, as
you know -- as you can imagine, a lot of these remote monitoring systems and connectivity with the IoT
platforms that we both companies have now is fairly new. But we have enough data to then break it down
by the specific sort of end markets. And that -- I mean, the indication here is that it's telling us where are
those markets that we should continue to play or double down from a service perspective. So it's helping
us to redirect the teams. It is also helping us to really better serve our customers and making sure that
we're still more resilient from that perspective.

In terms of being down 30%, I mean, I think we just see that as a bit of indication as to what could
happen here. But as you just very well pointed out, it doesn't give us a great correlation as we don't have
a lot of historical data to really extrapolate here. So what we're doing is just taking that data point to
really reassess our commercial teams and refocusing them on those areas, regions and markets that we're
still seeing some very good utilization of the compressors.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And in the answer to your prior question, where you noted IT&S obviously includes more than
compressors, vacuums, blowers, et cetera, are you suggesting that those other products there, areas
outside of vacuums and blowers, were substantially worse than the compressor business in the quarter?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So for sure -- yes. I mean, for sure, the Power Tool and the lifting business was one that it was worse
than that. I mean the Power Tools at -- they have 2 main product lines. I mean it's that tool business,
but also they have a lifting business that is kind of more related to factory consumption or factory
rationalization. So I think that was impacted more so. And then China, as a region, was definitely heavily
impacted. And from the other product lines in terms of the longer cycle, which these are kind of brands
like Nash, Garo, liquid ring pumps and liquid ring vacuums, those are more longer cycle, and those were, I
would say, more stable and resilient.

Operator

Your next question comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

My question is about in the IT&S business, when I think about the inventory in the channel and you
think about some of the recent improvement you've seen, can you give us some sense on any sequential
improvement, sort of a lead lag? And obviously, inventory is part of it. And also the mix of your businesses
being short cycle versus long cycle. Can you just give us some sense of the inventory in those channels in
some way we can read the lag you would need to see or that you would experience if, say, the PMIs got
better, for example?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Dave, I mean, I think when we look at the inventory in those channels, I mean, there's just not a
lot of inventory -- I mean -- and I'm going to describe these from a compressor perspective, which is
obviously the one that has the biggest size of the distribution network. And it is also more particularly

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

towards the Gardener Denver branded products. We don't tend to have a lot of inventory because these
are particularly smaller distributors, more soft regionalized, more localized. They don't tend to put a lot of
cash upfront to have compressors on the shelf, so to speak. I mean maybe on the smaller compressors,
they may. But not on the medium-to-high level compressors. And the inventory will come in more on
consumables, aftermarket and parts. But those tend to really move fairly well. I mean they turn fairly
quickly.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And the recent improvement you've seen, just so I'm clear, is it a stabilization at a low level after the
initial shock in IT&S? Or have you seen some little improvement in orders sequentially? And I'd be curious,
is that more short-cycle or long-cycle?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No, great question. Yes, it is -- I'll categorize that as the stabilization and -- initially. And then
obviously, when you look at within the month, I mean, at the month of April, there is some slight
improvement in the second half of April compared to the first half.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

But again, was that more short-cycle improvement?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Short-cycle, yes. Short-cycle, yes.

Operator

Your next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Vicente, I guess, everyone here on the call kind of had the same list of questions that we're going
through for most companies. So we covered a lot of ground already. But I guess, just with some of the
commentary around utilization and with the comments you made around supply chain interruption, how
much of the decline that you're seeing, and I guess this comment is mostly in IT&S comment, is related
to customer shutdowns or supply chain interruption in some form, like the lights come back on and a
certain amount of demand comes back because I think to some of these points on service or utilization
that maybe that's not the steady state of the world there?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Josh, I'll say more so definitely in Q1 in China, if you want to think about it kind of that disruption
completely. Also in the first quarter, maybe some disruption from the perspective of -- in Europe,
particularly in Italy. I mean we do have some very good manufacturing base in Italy. And we -- although
we stayed operationally, I mean, most of our suppliers had to shut down. I would say that now as kind of
the comment that I made before, we see kind of this lower demand level kind of getting more stabilized.
But still not seeing that kind of recovery, and we're just kind of waiting to see how the recovery will play
out.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Okay. And then switching over to the synergy funnel. I mean it sounds like the year 3 pipeline of activity
kind of has to stay there as you have to act on other things first since you're more manufacturing centric.
Fair to say that the incremental step-up in synergies then in the year 2 is smaller, I guess, is this more of
a pull forward from year 2? Or are you kind of implicitly saying, "Hey, we think there's more than $250
million here. We're just -- we're working on this as fast as we can, and we'll update you as we know
more?"

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean I think that's exactly the case. I mean at this point in time, I mean, we think we want to
keep it up $250 million just because we think it's prudent. And we think it's prudent because we're --
I mean, clearly focused on a lot of the internal funnel and execution. You see how we accelerated, and
we executed. I mean this is not just talking about creating savings and the savings that we just already
executed. But there's a component around procurement and I2V savings, Innovate 2 Value that is volume
dependent. And when we did the $250 million cost synergy funnel, it was done based on 2019 kind of run
rate level, so to speak, on spend levels. So we just want to be prudent from kind of going out there and
saying that the $250 million will increase. Once we're ready, we'll definitely -- and when we see kind of
more stability or normalization in the market, maybe we come back with that.

But at this point in time, we're accelerating what we can control. And we know that we can control that
structural head count out, and that's exactly what we executed. We know we can control a lot of the
quick-ins in procurement because commodities are lower, and we are executing that. And we know we can
control a lot of discretionary spend, and that's exactly what we also executed. So we're very focused on
kind of going through the list of things that we can really execute.

Operator

Your next question comes from Nathan Jones from Stifel.

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I think I'll start on PST. Revenue down 8.6% ex FX, margins up 120 basis points. So clearly, some very
good control there. Can you maybe give us a little more color on what drove the very good decrementals
there? How you see the decrementals going forward? And maybe any color you can give us on what you
think the long-term margin opportunity is in that business?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Nathan, this is -- I would say, some very good cost control, but also some very good momentum that
we had also from the medical business. If you remember last year, when we talked about the medical
business, we were seeing upwards of 200 basis points margin improvement and the medical business
finishing last year at roughly 30%, 31% EBITDA margin. So again, very good momentum from that
business. And clearly, as we saw some subtle in the market, the team continued to execute those targets
that they needed to get done.

I think when you look at this business that, I mean, has some very nice gross margins and the
decremental -- the base decrementals are typically 45% or so. I mean pretty good job that the team
did here in order to get the decremental down to the 15%. And I'll say from a long-term perspective,
we'll definitely come back with giving some kind of medium- to long-term perspective. I'll just do a quick
comparison, and you can see that medical, we were able to not only just a few years ago, that medical
business was in the 25%, 26% EBITDA margin, and we finished last year in the 31% EBITDA margin. And
there's just a lot of good commonalities between the medical and the legacy PFS and ARO business that
are within this segment.

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Okay. Maybe just one on receivables. When you look through that, do you see any customer credit risk,
any collection risk there? I guess it's particularly an upstream comment, given the way that market is
going, but anywhere else you see any potential issues in receivables? How you're going about managing
customer credit, those kinds of things?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

I mean, I'd say, not necessarily, Nathan. I mean I think it's one that we live by day by day. I mean,
clearly, the -- on the High Pressure Solution, which is, as you mentioned, the most exposed. I mean
customers are still paying. They'll take longer to pay, but they still pay. They also realize that from an
upstream perspective that our business is critical and essential for when the market comes back up
again. So we have been pretty straight in many cases that we need to see the payments or we will stop
shipments and then we cease to provide any type of output of products either now or later in the future.
So I think we're really executing a good playbook here on collections with the teams.

Operator

Your next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So a lot of this has been answered. We've covered a lot of ground so far. But I just wanted to ask one, into
next year as we think about approaching a recovery, there's clearly a lot of moving pieces here. We've got
more structural cost savings coming through presumably, you have temporary costs probably coming back
to the business. And then just kind of dovetailing all of that with typical incremental margins, I'm not sure
how best you can do this, Vicente, but it would be really helpful to kind of characterize the way you see
incrementals coming out on the other side of this downturn.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Nicole, yes, that's great. I mean I think we typically see kind of the base, what I call, the base level
of incremental to be -- for the total business between 35% to 40%. Again, when you look at Precision and
Science maybe higher than that, Specialty Vehicles lower than that with maybe Industrial Technologies
about that level. Definitely, we'll see a little bit of a headwind as we see a lot of these structural activities
that we're doing to come to fruition. We also see a lot of tailwinds -- I'm sorry, we see tailwinds as a lot
of these kind of structural costs come out. We see some of the headwinds. But as we kind of get closer to
coming out here to our budgets and how we kind of work with the teams, we'll definitely find ways on how
we can continue to get that incremental margin, obviously, to be at a minimum of that base or more.

Operator

Your next question comes from John Walsh from Crédit Suisse.

Sorry, your next question is from Markus Mittermaier from UBS.

Markus Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I just wanted one more on synergies. I do appreciate that, obviously, procurement is volume dependent,
but you flag here $10 million to $20 million savings realized in 2020. What do you currently assume as
sort of full run rate savings out of that wave 1 of the spin, which I think is 1/3 of your overall spend? And
how should we think about more medium term so the other 2/3, if you assume that at some point in a
normalized world get back to that 2019 levels? Let's start here.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Yes. I think if you think about it, $10 million to $20 million coming in, in this year, as you go into 2021,
assuming maybe kind of current volume levels, it will be $20 million to $40 million. So that's maybe at
least that -- what you can see here coming from wave 1 on an annualized level at current volumes. And
that obviously, it's only covering a portion of the total spend with wave 2 and wave 3 coming up here in
the second half of the year.

Markus Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Right. And is there sort of an estimate you can give us what that would have been at '19 volume levels,
that sort of $20 million to $40 million?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

I mean it will definitely be a much -- a little bit higher than that. I mean I wouldn't -- I think at this point
in time, you could say $40 million to $50 million, could be upwards of $60 million.

Markus Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then second question on capital allocation. You flagged in the slides where I thought
it was interesting sort of bolt-ons in PST. It's obviously pretty fragmented market. You probably have a
share of, call it, 15% in that space. How do you think about this? How does that segment look like in a few
years? I mean it's -- from an aftermarket perspective, I know it's a design win and replacement business.
So the aftermarket dollars per se or share is relatively small compared to your company average. But how
do you think about this sort of -- it just struck me that it was flagged specifically in the slide.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean I think this is a segment we like a lot by the way that these businesses are kind of so -- kind
of niche and very, very solid market position, and it has just a lot of great descriptors such as kind of high
gross margins and very specialized pumps that are kind of really solidly mission-critical in the processes
where they apply. We continue to see that there's a lot of potential not only inorganic, but also organically,
and we're doing a lot of work on that, whether you take technologies like the ARO and combine that with
the -- like, either Haskel branded product or a Milton Roy product and then you can actually create some
uniqueness in terms of applications and then enter some new markets.

And that's what a lot of the teams are doing. How do we are being thoughtful and mindful on some of
those vertical markets and kind of new niche adjacent areas that we want to play in and not only do that
organically, but then see what other technologies from a bolt-on perspective we can acquire. So a lot of
really great work strategically going on in this segment to really picture this on how do we kind of double
it.

Operator

Your next question comes from John Walsh from Crédit Suisse.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Sorry about that. I had some technical difficulties earlier. I'm glad to hear everyone's doing well.
Maybe just 1 question here. You alluded on the call to share gains on kind of both the legacy GDI and
IR businesses. Wanted to know if you could put a little more color around what's driving those. Is it
something on the product side? Is it some of the end market strategies you were doing previously around
more niche markets like paper and pulp? Maybe some competitive pressures from smaller guys? Just any
kind of color you could provide there would be helpful.

Vicente Reynal

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

CEO, President & Director

Sure, Johnny. So I'm not going to categorize. I mean, what I said on the call is that it is on specific
horsepowers. And what we saw that we liked is that this is in the U.S. based on the third-party report.
And we like because it was very complementary. So if you look at the legacy Gardener Denver, we saw
some share takes in the low-to-medium horsepower while we saw on the Ingersoll Rand some share take
on the high kind of larger-horsepower compressors. I will categorize that as Ingersoll Rand has done a
pretty good job on launching some new technology on the larger horsepower while, as you know, from
a Gardener Denver perspective, we have been more focused on the medium-to-small compressor, and I
think this is what I mentioned on the call that this is a great hypothesis that we had on this great merge
and combining the 2 companies because now we have great new complementary products and spectrum
of technologies that a lot of these that I mentioned is on the oil lubricated which is very good, solid kind of
core product line. But as we spoke about during the April call, now also the oil-free product line spectrum.
So again, it's new technology, new products and be able to show that uniqueness of differentiation on the
products that the teams are launching.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the company.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you. I just want to close out by saying thanks to everyone for your interest in Ingersoll Rand. I
want to do another shout out and thank you to our employees that are obviously doing a lot of work here
to stay healthy, stay safe and at the same time provide to our customers the mission-critical products that
are needed in these kind of current market conditions. So hopefully, everyone stays safe and healthy, and
we'll look forward to talking to you over the next few weeks. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 12, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

