International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. 

NYSE:IFF
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 11, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.31

1.36

3.82

1.44

5.81

6.36

Revenue  (mm)

1235.18

1198.77

(2.95 %)

1262.10

5085.86

5312.50

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-11-2020 11:31 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

1.52

1.44

1.59

1.31

1.53

1.46

1.62

1.36

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

0.66 %

1.39 %

1.89 %

3.82 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Michael DeVeau
Head of Investor Relations and
Communications & Divisional CFO
of Scent

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

James Targett
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

Presentation

Operator

At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.

Michael DeVeau
Head of Investor Relations and Communications & Divisional CFO of Scent

Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's Second
Quarter 2020 Conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial
results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is
being recorded live and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking
statements.

During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance,
particularly with regard to our outlook for the third quarter and full year 2020. These statements are
based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information
concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking
statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March
3, 2020, and in our press release, all of which are on our website.

Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe
affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP
measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday and which is posted on our website.

With me on the call is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO,
Rustom Jilla. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have.

With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Mike. Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I get into some of the highlights
and key accomplishments for the first half of 2020, I would like to take a moment to recognize essential
workers around the world, including some of our IFFers, who continue to fuel our global supply chain and
keep our economy moving forward. Your strength and dedication are truly commendable and I thank you
for your efforts.

While we continue to operate in challenging times, I'm proud to say that our employees have continued
to meet and exceed the needs and expectations of our customers around the world. Today, I will focus
my remarks on a review of the highlights from the first half of 2020 as well as an update of business
dynamics with regards to COVID-19. Rustom will then provide a more detailed review of our Q2 financial
performance. Lastly, we will provide an update on our progress towards completing the previously
announced transaction with DuPont N&B.

There's no question that over the last several months, our business has been operating in a very difficult
environment. Nevertheless, we have acted quickly to maintain continuity across our global operations in
44 countries while simultaneously integrating the Frutarom business and establishing the foundation for
our pending combination with DuPont N&B. I'm extremely proud of what our teams around the world has
accomplished as we continue to move our business forward and tirelessly serve our customers.

In this uncertain environment, our business has proven to be resilient. Fortunately, approximately 85% of
our portfolio serves end markets that remain in high demand through COVID-19, including food, beverage,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

hygiene and disinfection. Our strong performance and growth in these areas, which in the first half of
2020 was approximately 5% on a currency-neutral basis, helped to particularly offset expected weakness
in our segments that have been most affected by the pandemic. These markets, including Fine Fragrance
and Food Service, have been particularly sensitive to the downward pressure of the pandemic and have
seen a double-digit decline over the first half of 2020. The challenges of 2020 also affirms to us that IFF
plays a vital role in the global CPG supply chain, especially for the world's most important manufacturers
in food and beverage as well as essential home, personal care and sanitation supplies.

IFF's broad-based exposure across regions, categories and customer positions us to remain resilient
through the ongoing challenges brought about by the pandemic. Amid these challenges, we remain on
track with our Frutarom integration efforts with only modest delays due to COVID-19, achieving very good
cost synergies. We continue to expect to have the majority of the integration completed by the end of this
year.

Similarly, we continue to make significant progress with our efforts to complete our merger with N&B. We
have now achieved regulatory clearance in the United States, China, Colombia and Serbia. We have filed
our definitive proxy statement and look forward to the shareholder vote on August 27.

We continue to make significant strides in our integration planning, which is very exciting when you
consider the long-term potential of the combined businesses. As we shared in our business update in
June 8, 2020, we remain cautiously optimistic in our outlook for the remainder of the year. The pandemic
continues to be significant and a volatile factor in our lives. It creates uncertainty around the world with
rapidly changing operating environment and economic impacts. We are fortunate that a majority of our
end markets continue to operate with relative strengths, but as we have discussed before, our business is
not totally immune from disruption of the pandemic.

Turning to Slide 7 and an overview of our financial performance in the first half of 2020. The first 2
quarters, we achieved $2.5 billion in sales with currency-neutral sales growth of 1%, which is largely
attributed to the strong growth we saw in the Consumer Fragrances, which grew double digits; and Savory
Solutions, which was up mid-single digits. We also generated an adjusted operating profit of $478 million
and adjusted EPS of USD 2.99 both excluding amortization.

While this performance is moderately down year-over-year, these metrics reflect pressure from lower
sales volume and adverse mix as well as higher costs as a result of COVID-19. Through the prioritization
of CapEx and improving our core working capital, I'm pleased to report that we are able to generate
significant free cash flow. For the first half of 2020, cash flow improved double digits. The operating cash
flow increased 12% and free cash flow growing a very strong 94%. I'm encouraged by the resilience of
our business through incredible challenging environment of the second quarter where we saw the global
peak to date of regulatory restrictions.

Moving to Slide 8. I would like to walk you through IFF's efforts and approach to managing through the
pandemic while ensuring the safety of our employees and our continued uninterrupted partnership with
our customers around the globe. As our teams have led a truly admirable performance to deliver through
the challenging period, we have also begun to look ahead to our operations in this new normal.

Like I've said before, ensuring the health and safety of our employees has and always will be our utmost
concern and is #1 priority at IFF. As many countries and cities have begun to reopen and are moving
out of complete lockdown, we are keeping a close eye on the recommendations of local and global public
health officials, especially as it relates to implementing our return-to-work protocols. With each region
recovering along varying time lines, our approach is to evaluate each of our facilities and offices on a case-
by-case basis. While all of our manufacturing sites are open and operating fully, most remain limited to
essential employees only. As for our corporate offices, all of our nonessential employees continue to work
from home as of right now.

Logistics remain on operating challenge with lead times still higher than they would be on a normal basis.
But we have been able to adapt fairly quickly to new local policies with minimal incremental expense.
On the procurement side, costs remain elevated as there's still some challenges in obtaining various raw

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

materials. We are proactively addressing the situation to secure these necessary materials going forward
and evaluating opportunities to mend processes of our supply chain for the future.

Finally, when it comes to our creative centers, I'm proud to say that even if at a global pandemic, in
typical IFF fashion, we are creating innovative solutions to support our customers, whether in person or
remotely. As restrictions and closures ease, we have already seen significant improvement in our pipeline.

With that, I will turn the call over to Rustom, who will discuss the Q2 results in greater detail.

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Andreas. Good morning, and good afternoon, everybody. On Slide 9, we've outlined a more
detailed look at our financial performance in the last quarter. On a currency-neutral basis, IFF generated
$1.2 billion in sales, down 4% when compared to Q2 2019 and primarily driven by weakness in Fine
Fragrance and Food Service, which represent approximately 15% of our portfolio.

The remainder of our portfolio, which includes food, beverage, hygiene and disinfection products
collectively grew 2% in the quarter on a currency-neutral basis, though offset by a 38% decline on a
currency-neutral basis in Fine Fragrance and Food Service combined.

In addition to lower sales volume, we were impacted by an adverse sales mix and unfavorable price to
raw material costs in the quarter, which pressured our operating profit, excluding amortization, and offset
operational expense savings in the quarter. Despite a lower effective tax rate and more favorable other
income, therefore, our adjusted earnings per share, excluding amortization, was similarly impacted in Q2,
driven by the decline in operating profit.

Before moving into the details, I want to take a moment to remind those that are new to the IFF story
about the currency-neutral sales growth methodology difference between the way we report our growth
and our competitors' report. For a variety of reasons, many of our sales transactions in the emerging
markets occur either in U.S. dollars or other hard currencies or are indexed to hard currencies when we
have to invoice in local market currencies. When reporting our currency-neutral sales growth, we exclude
these foreign exchange-related prices in emerging markets, but this is different from our peers. We
believe our reporting standard provides investors with a truer assessment of underlying currency-neutral
growth, especially when there are large emerging market devaluations relative to the U.S. dollar or euro.
However, it's important to have all of you understand our performance relative to competition.

During the second quarter of 2020, the stronger USD environment plus significant emerging market
devaluations year-over-year in several key markets had approximately a 2 percentage point currency
impact on growth if we include emerging market pricing. Factoring in this comparability adjustment, our
second quarter sales decline would have been 2% rather than 4%.

Turning to Slide 10. It's important to take a closer look at the underlying dynamics of our various business
segments. In our first quarter 2020 conference call, I presented this slide in the outlook section as I
believe it provided a good summary of the many moving parts we saw at that point in time. As we now
see, much of what we expected and communicated came to fruition. As we've said before, we remain
fortunate that most of IFF's business serves end markets and categories with relative strength. The
categories most exposed to temporary disruption of customer access to retail markets, such as Fine
Fragrance and away-from-home channels, such as Food Service, suffered. And yet increased demand for
products used in packaged food, beverage, hygiene and disinfection categories has led to strong results in
Taste, excluding Food Service and in Consumer Fragrances.

In our Fragrance Ingredients business, demand is strong, yet the pandemic created a raw materials
headwind as we prioritize the use of our Fragrance Ingredients to support our Fragrance Compounds
business, forgoing external sales. I'm happy to report that in the month of July, as restrictions have eased,
we have seen that the business has returned to growth, a trend that we expect to continue in the third
quarter. As we approach the new normal in many regions across the world, we expect that these supply
chain complications will ease and demand for away-from-home products will slowly return.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

Looking at Slide 11. I'd like to review the underlying drivers impacting our profitability in the quarter.
COVID-19 has clearly had an impact on profitability, significantly influencing volume, mix and cost. The
year-over-year change in profitability is mainly a result of a significant drop in volumes, representing
approximately half of our adjusted operating profit decline. Unfavorable price to raw material costs also
impacted profitability, primarily in Fragrance Ingredients, where prices were reduced to reflect future
commodity cost reductions and where we are working through higher cost inventory.

Unfortunately, with the steep decline in Fine Fragrance, sales mix was unfavorable and we also saw
incremental COVID-19 manufacturing and procurement costs. To minimize these impacts, we were
focused on disciplined cost management and continued productivity, both helping to protect profitability
during this difficult time. We were encouraged by the realization of cost synergies from the Frutarom
deal and expect this will remain core to our profitability story as we see revenues return in the coming
quarters.

Now looking at our Scent division on Slide 12. Currency-neutral sales declined 4% in the quarter. I'm
happy to share that for the third quarter in a row, we achieved double-digit sales growth in Consumer
Fragrance, which can be attributed to robust growth in fabric, home, hair care and personal wash. And
while we did benefit from COVID-19 in some areas through higher volume, our commercial performance or
new wins was very strong, nearly 50% higher than our previous 5-year average for the second quarter.

Also, the new core list where -- core list where we recently gained access, core to our 2021 strategy, grew
more than 85% in the second quarter and represented nearly 20% of our Consumer Fragrance growth.
At the BU level, this was offset largely by the 40% sales decline in Fine Fragrance due to the disruption of
our consumers' ability to reach retail markets and reduced travel needs. This had an adverse impact on
volume in the existing business, which was down double digits as well as new wins, which traditionally are
very strong, but are also down as a result of COVID-19.

We also saw lower Fragrance Ingredients external sales as we prioritized our Fragrance Compounds
business due to supply restrictions in India. This has now improved and we expect performance will
continue to improve going forward. Cumulatively, the Scent business had sales of $450 million, down 4%
and a segment profit of $70 million, down roughly 25% at a 15.6% profit margin.

Now moving to Taste on Slide 13. We saw currency-neutral sales declined 5% in the quarter. From a
category perspective, as COVID-19 restrictions kept consumers for eating outside their home, away-
from-home channels, such as Food Service, saw a significant 36% decline in the bottom. To put this in
context, the decline in Food Service represented about 5 percentage points of the Taste decline, meaning
the business would have grown, excluding Food Service.

From a regional perspective, North America showed resilience, yet emerging markets underperformed,
given significant COVID-19-driven regulatory restrictions in places like India and Latin America. India
alone, which represents about 4% of total Taste sales, saw sales drop by almost 30%. From a customer
perspective, we saw weakness across smaller local and regional customers, mainly Food Service. This
was most evident in Frutarom, where stand-alone sales declined high single digits in the second quarter.
Discontinued Frutarom businesses, which will not be in the comparative periods going forward, remain the
headwind in Q2. So for Taste overall, the business had $748 million in sales, down 5% and segment profit
of $107 million, down 15% for a 14.3% profit margin.

Now turning to Slide 14. I'd like to provide an overview of IFF's cash flow performance, and it's probably
more useful to look at this year-to-date. The chart on the left is designed to show the reconciliation
from reported net income to free cash flow, inclusive of all the drivers. Operating cash flow was up 12%
in the first half, which was primarily due to improvements in core working capital levels in Q2. Within
core working capital, the improvement was largely driven by days payable outstanding, while day sales
outstanding ended better than expected. We will continue to effectively manage our balance sheet by
taking actions to generate strong cash flow and to maintain ample liquidity even during a prolonged global
downturn.

We also continue to invest in the business, especially as we work towards completing the Frutarom
integration. Our capital expenditure as a percentage of sales was roughly 3.1% compared to 4.6% the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

previous year. The improvements in core working capital levels, combined with the prioritized CapEx
structure, has led to strong free cash flow of $128 million, up 94% from the year ago period.

Reflecting our confidence in our future cash flow generation, we are pleased to announce that we are
raising our quarterly dividend by 3% to $0.77 per share. This marks 11 years of consecutive dividend
increases and underscores our confidence in our business, our long-term strategy and strong cash
flow generation. Moving forward, we'll continue to take a thoughtful approach to managing cash flow,
continuing to prioritize the focus on core working capital and CapEx.

Before passing back to Andreas, I want to take a moment to provide an update through the first month
of the third quarter. On Slide 15, you can see our sales trajectory during the first half of 2020 and the
market rebound we have seen unfold in the third quarter so far. We started the year strong in January
with mid-single-digit currency-neutral sales growth. And although the emergence of COVID-19 impacted
sales from mid-March, we are starting to see a notable performance -- improvement in performance in
July. As global mobility is gradually improving and restrictions and closures are eased, the categories and
markets impacted in Q2 are showing promising signs of improvement. Should the environment continue to
improve, we're quite hopeful that we can regain a more normalized level of growth.

And with that, let me turn it back to Andreas.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Rustom. Now as we consider what we -- what the remainder of 2020 will look like for IFF,
we are doing our best to anticipate performance in a global environment that remains quite volatile and
unpredictable. We're actively evaluating evolving global market dynamics and regulatory conditions to
understand and anticipate how these factors will impact our business performance, our people and our
customers. We are proud to supply solutions and ingredients for essential products in the food, beverage,
hygiene and disinfection product categories, especially as these drive 85% of our current portfolio.

As Rustom has stated earlier, our July sales performance has improved, growing low single digits.
Consumer Fragrance continues to grow double digits and we are seeing a double-digit trend in cosmetic
actives. Fragrance Ingredients had also improved as restriction eased, growing mid-single digits in
July. In Taste, growth in Flavors in North America, led by Tastepoint, is more than offsetting pressure in
Latin America. And we are seeing robust double-digit growth in health-oriented products as well as an
improvement in natural colors.

We do, however, anticipate that Fine Fragrances and Food Services will remain impacted by market
pressures in the second half of the year, but expect improving trends versus what we experienced in Q2.
A good example of this is that our gelato ingredients, a category severely impacted by COVID-19 in the
second quarter, is now up low single digits to date in the third quarter.

As we enter the second half of 2020, we will continue to effectively manage our business by taking
actions to generate strong cash flow by targeting reductions in operational and capital expenses. With the
positive signs of improvement in our performance that we are beginning to see in third quarter, we remain
cautiously optimistic that we will see further market improvements in the quarter and beyond.

Turning to Slide 17. I'm very pleased to share with you now an update on where we stand with the
integration planning of our previously announced merger agreement with DuPont N&B. we made a lot of
headway in the first half of 2020, reaching key milestones like clearance in the U.S., China, Colombia,
Ukraine and Serbia, regulatory processes and announcing our combined companies' purpose, vision,
operating model and leadership team. We are well on our way to establishing the foundation and
framework that will be essential to achieving the potential of this exciting combination.

More recently, in July, we filed definitive proxy and set the date for our special shareholders meeting
in connection with the merger, which will occur later this month on August 27. We expect to earn our
shareholder support for this exciting combination in the coming weeks and remain on track to completing
our transaction and uniting our organization in the first quarter of 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

In summary, I'm proud to say that IFF has stayed resilient in the first half 2020 amid the unprecedented
circumstances of COVID-19. We've achieved solid financial performance. We're delivering for our 30,000-
plus customers globally and executing on the integration processes for Frutarom and N&B. As we have
said before, IFF plays a central role in the global CPG supply chain as a vital partner to world-renowned
brands, regional leaders and new innovators alike. Our position across end markets, customers, with our
global reach, has created a real resiliency in our business that shines through these difficult times.

With Frutarom, we are realizing a significant potential with our enhanced capabilities and expanded
customer base will have for the IFF's long-term growth. Similarly, we look forward to joining forces with
DuPont N&B and have made significant advancements in our integration planning and path to regulatory
and shareholder approval.

I'm deeply grateful to our employees across the globe whose commitment and dedication to IFF and our
customers has been unwavering. We have started to see improvements in our performance in July and
remain cautiously optimistic about how this may translate into financial performance in the second half
of 2020. IFF and our balanced portfolio remain well equipped to depth and succeed in this unpredictable
global environment.
With that, I would now like to open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I guess just to start. So if you look at the broader share trend, even normalizing for how you're accounting
for FX relative to peers, it seems there's a bit of an increasing divergence in your results for sales versus
those with the largest F&F peers. I guess I'm curious, do you see the same thing? It seems somewhat
obvious to folks from the outside in, so I'd be curious of that perspective.

And then if so, what is driving it? And when should we anticipate those trends to normalize? And you sort
of related to that. It would seem maybe to trace back to the Frutarom deal, so if true, what are you doing
best practices and such that you're putting in place so as not repeat those when you close the DNB deal
early next year?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Thank you, Mark, for the question. I'll take it. As you alluded, certainly, it's good to take the FX
reported numbers and compare apples-to-apples. I think that's number one. Number two, I would say we
should judge our performance beyond just 1 quarter and should look at multiple quarters. And if you see,
for example, at the first quarter, we led our industry in growth, I think that's the topic.

The second one is if you look at Q2, the emerging markets were pretty much under pressure. And you see
that we are a bit over-indexed in the emerging markets, for example, India. And we are a market leader
in India with our Taste business. For example, that was actually a pretty bad hit on that business, which
is, by the way, rebounding. And then we are certainly opening some smaller customers, which plays a role
here as well.

Fundamentally, I believe both will help us with our long-term growth, the smaller customers and the
emerging markets as well as soon as we see the COVID pressures are easing. And if you look at July, I
expect actually that the third quarter already will be -- will look much different than the second quarter.
That's what we have seen in our numbers for July. I think Rustom has shown it in his slide. We see
it, in particular, in some of these areas where we have a good and strong performance on Consumer
Fragrances, for example. You see that categories like home care or personal wash are really up in very,
very high single digits. We believe that's a trend to stay. So hygiene products will stay even after the, let's
say, acute COVID crisis, quite as strong. We see a good rebound already in Fine Fragrances, so not as bad
as we have seen it, we've seen it before.

And the same holds true actually for Food Service. I just looked it up. We were -- April was our worst
number, and Food Service was down by 44.1%. In July, it's down by minus 7.7%. Just to tell you that the
weak spots, I think, are improving, and the strong pieces of the portfolio are staying strong and helping us
to grow our business going forward, which will help us with our mix going forward in the third quarter as
well. I hope that helps, Mark.

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Sure. I guess just somewhat related to that, maybe sticking on the commentary about June versus July.
So I guess I was surprised a bit that June was worse given that most of your customers kind of talked
about sequentially improving trends through the second quarter. So maybe why beyond the obvious, the
comparisons for your [ easier ] in 3Q, why did you see this improvement beginning in July? Why was June
a bit worse? Does it speak to inventory levels for customers? Is it just simply third quarter people started

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

ordering more product? Where do you think inventory levels are for those customers? And how do you
think about the durability of what you just said about July through the quarter?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Look, on the inventory levels of the customers, it's tough to comment on because we see huge differences
from customer to customer, from region to region and category to category. That's a big, big difference. I
would say July is better for us because some of the categories which were hard hit in the second quarter,
like Food Service, are improving better. That's certainly helping. And then some of the emerging markets
like India, for example, are performing much, much better. In July, we've actually a double-digit growth
going forward and that helped us a lot.

Why June had a little bit of a dip even compared to May? If I look at our daily sales, it's not so much. I
think it's a comparable. I would not take this to -- I think it depends also on the order pattern. And what
we see right now, as I said, July, pretty strong for us. And the order book for the third quarter is up mid-
single to high single digits as well. So I believe that the trend will continue. So it's a bit of phasing in there
as well. But Rustom, you, please -- or Mike, you please comment?

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

No, I agree, Andreas. I would just -- you've seen the phasing. You've seen the average daily sales. There's
no deceleration in the numbers. And then coming through into July, I mean, you've seen a very nice
-- we've seen a very nice, in comparative terms, pickup in areas that were like Fine Fragrances where
compared to where they were going through May and then June and where July is, and then Food Service,
as Andreas said. So nothing but reiterating what he said really there.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So I wanted to just shift gears a little bit actually and talk about N&B because it feels like -- so you have
your shareholder vote at the end of this month. And it feels to me that the deal might close soon after
that, maybe earlier than your target. And I'm looking at Slide 17, and I was wondering, Andreas, maybe if
you could give us a little bit more color around how do you expect to go from at close, like the second to
last box that you have on that slide to the revenue and cost synergy capture by end of year 3?

So I'm sure we'll get into it in more detail as time goes on. But I was wondering if you could give us a little
bit of a preview of how you are expecting things to play out from here.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So first of all, our assumption is still that we are closing first quarter next year. That's actually the
plan also for the cohort of the business. I think that's important. And right now we are focusing a lot on,
let's say, closing on our food integration, so the remaining piece of it, which will happen in the early part of
the fourth quarter, I think that's important.

On the N&B side, as we said, we are progressing actually absolutely according to plan in some of the
areas, even a couple of days ahead, which is quite interesting during the COVID environment. I think the
teams are doing really a fantastic job.

We see also -- and just as a remark on the N&B business, you have seen, when they reported actually,
a bit of growth with 1%, a strong mix. 85% of the portfolio is pretty resilient against the COVID crisis
as well. So very, very similar. And a good mix in particularly are tilted towards probiotics. But maybe,
Rustom, if you can comment as well on Page 17.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, absolutely. I'd love to, Andreas. We are also -- in a very detailed way on the synergies, on the sales
synergies, we have teams from within the project from the IMO, the integration team, working with our
business unit people and specifically identifying opportunities to have revenue synergies and what prework
needs to be done as much as possible. Now obviously, we can't work together with the N&B people, but
we can plan together at this point in time. And so we are trying to do that.

Likewise, on the costs. I mean I can sort of put on a functional hat for a second. I mean we are looking at
our structure, looking at their structure, looking at our systems, looking at their systems and basically in a
very methodical way, going through and trying to identify opportunities to optimize the business and make
it stronger and get greater revenue growth without costs and also areas where there's duplication of costs
that we can take out. So just a bit more detail, but it's moving. We want to be sure -- we want to basically
hit the ground running.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Absolutely. And I would say on the cost savings, we are really on both parts on the sales savings or
synergies certainly as well. We have pretty robust plans in place. I'll just give you 2 numbers. We certainly
have for the cost savings internally a higher number, which we are working towards. And secondly, we've
started with, I think, 400 projects, which could help us with the sales synergies. We narrowed it down
to around 100 to make sure that we really focus on the most important ones. And I would say these
are really, really good and robust was plans we have in place. And we still have a couple of months until
day 1. And -- but it gives us a good feel because in some areas, as Rustom said, it's robust, and we are
probably even ahead of plan, which is great.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from John Roberts with UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

You noted double-digit growth in Consumer Fragrance. I assume that included a decline in emerging
markets outside of China. So maybe you could peel that apart, how much was emerging markets,
excluding China, down in Consumer Fragrance? And then how -- actually, how high was the rest of the
portfolio?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. So we see actually a good rebound in our China business. That's for sure. But we have to say
that it's not just China. We saw, for example, in July already -- actually a very strong performance of our
Consumer Fragrance business in India. Actually, Mike, just because we looked at the number, it was more
than 40% for July, which was kind of amazing. But it is because we believe -- because we had a couple of
good wins and it's going very well, and we have actually a quite significant and good performance in Latin
America as well, believe it or not. So it's not just China. It is also on the Consumer Fragrance side some of
the emerging markets, not all of them, but some of the emerging markets are actually performing better
than we have expected as well. But maybe Rustom, you give even more details.

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. I mean that -- so the emerging market, there's -- John, there's variation between the emerging
markets rather than treating them as a particular group, right? India has been the outlier in terms of
underperformance. But we have also had an impact in Latin America and Brazil. And where we have
switching from Consumer from -- into Fine, where we have a significant market over there that we have
seen come off.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

We don't think -- I mean just -- I mean we don't really think that what's going on in emerging markets
is necessarily predictive of what the future is going to be. I mean it's just that if you look at different
countries, country-by-country on where they are in terms of the -- on the curve of handling COVID is
really what we're seeing in terms of Consumer, Food Service, Fine, I mean all the areas basically.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

What might be interesting, John, for you and for the colleagues on the phone as well. What we try,
because in this very volatile environment, we have doubled down on our consumer insights studies. And
we look certainly how the consumer looks like during COVID and what can we expect after COVID. And we
have never drawn down on 3 themes, which we're sharing with our customers as well: it's health, home
and hygiene. So we believe that in some of the areas like for example, hygiene, and we see it in our Scent
products where we are selling there, this is a trend which will stay even post-COVID. And as I said, our
Home Care in July, category is up by 27% and Personal Wash by plus 16%, just to show you what the
impact on the business is because these products are so much in demand.

On the other hand, it's the home area. We believe that the cocooning at home will stay at least for a
couple of months through the winter. So culinary, everything which is culinary products for home cooking
will stay up. We believe that malodor control is an important one. And on the health side, we see that all
of our health ingredients, most of them we got through Frutarom, are very much in high demand. That the
modulation of sweet is in high demand because governments are again starting to double down on sugar
and products. So what I try to say here is that we have looked at the consumer insights quite carefully,
and we are basically now looking how we can orient our organization towards these trends where we
believe they will stay for a while to make sure that we get more than a fair share of growth out of these
categories. So that's what we're doing, just to give you a bit of a bigger picture and an outlook beyond the
third quarter.

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

And I didn't answer the specific question, by the way. Emerging markets are actually mid-single digits,
just to put it in context. So not negative or anything like that, but not as strong as the developed markets,
which were obviously much higher to get us to the average.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So a lot of ground has been covered on the revenue side, so maybe just pushing to the cost side a little
bit. And a lot of moving pieces in the second quarter given the volume declines in mix and COVID costs.
And I'm just trying to make sure I understand kind of what happened in 3Q, if we're back to organic
revenue growth, price cost? Just how do we think about that dynamic playing out over the balance of the
year? Kind of what's the incremental COVID-related cost expenses you expect to be absorbing in the next
couple of quarters? And just thinking about kind of the operating leverage that is or is not in the business,
if the revenue growth is back to the trend you saw in July.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Absolutely. We -- take the first, Rustom, you take it.

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks. Yes, so let me break it up and give you a thing. First of all, I'll give you the COVID-related
costs, okay and then primarily procurement, logistics and manufacturing costs. And in Q2, they were

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

about $6 million, okay? $6 million. And we will expect this to start declining as we go through the rest of
the year, right? Because Q2, as we've already said, is when we thought we had the highest point. There
will still be some continuing manufacturing because, as Andreas has said many times, we have put the
safety of our people first. And so there's things that we are doing differently until the vaccine incomes in
terms of how we manufacture.

Then the second part of your question, I believe -- and if I missed something, take me back. But the
second part of your question was really about pricing and raw material costs, right, and what we have.
So in Q2, it was negative. I mean our pricing actions did not fully recover higher costs, and Fragrance
Ingredients, for example, we talked about that as well. Now moving forward, we have the oil-related costs
are actively helping us as we move forward. And we should see a benefit from some of those from -- in
general, the input costs, we'll see a benefit coming from them, right? Definitely.

However, we'll have a negative on pricing, and that comes a lot from vanilla. I mean vanilla has dropped
back. It was in the 500s, it's dropped back into the 200s. I mean it could grow even lower. And so you will
see that impact on pricing. So what we are projecting right now is for the net price to raw material costs
for the rest of the year to remain negative. Did I cover your -- both aspects of your question there?

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And then just maybe following on the -- the cash flow performance in the second quarter was very strong.
Is there any reason why that wouldn't persist in the second half of the year? Any cash flow dynamics we
should be mindful?

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

No, I mean we'll continue to work on cash flow. So let me sort of just break up the components, right? I
mean first of all, on our CapEx, I mean, we've been very focused on our CapEx very early, literally from
probably February or so. And we set ourselves the target of spending roughly about 10% less on our
CapEx for the year than our budget. And we're running even below that, by the way, at this point in time,
but that will continue. That's the CapEx, right? We are watching our cash expenses in general across the
board. And some things are obvious, and you'll see that like something that benefit EBITDA like travel,
which will keep coming through.

But the other biggest one is working capital. And on our working capital, if you remember what we
said even a few months ago, we deliberately moved to build up our inventory so as to avoid customer
disruption. I mean because that -- the 2 things we try to do is keep our people safe and avoid disrupting
our customers, right? And so far, we've managed to do both.

For inventory, we had inventory actually -- because of lags in actually receiving it, we were actually a little
bit better in Q1 than we expected, a little bit worse than Q2. We do expect that to start to come down now
gradually as we go through Q3 and 4 as we have built it up, right?

On our DSO, which is the other big area where we flagged that we were expecting an increase, we
actually did particularly well in terms of compared to where we expect it to be. And that was just a lot of
focused management from the team, and that should continue. And we would hope as the broad economic
situation abates and things get a little bit better, we'd hope to do well on that, too.

And then the last component of it was just payables. I mean we managed that very tightly in terms of
making -- sometimes accelerating payments and there's smaller suppliers that we want to keep afloat,
and other times, just managing it very tightly, like you'd expect from any company of our size.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

So first, could you update us on regulatory developments on the Nutrition & Biosciences transaction
in Europe? Why haven't we received a ruling from Europe? And do you expect to get one before the
shareholder vote?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

We expect, actually, in the August-September time frame the ruling. We were going back and forth with
them to answer the questions before the summer break. And I think in the next couple of weeks, we
should get the clearance in Europe. That's what our lawyers are telling us. So I think we should be on
track. Whether we can make it before the shareholder vote, I'm not 100% sure. But early September will
be my best guess right now.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then secondly, it looks like your Fine Fragrance business in the first half was down, I don't know,
25%. And maybe your key Swiss competitor was down 16%. Can you talk about the differences in like-
for-like sales growth?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, the difference is, I would say, are probably with the customers. If you look at many of our big
Fine Fragrance customers, you see even worse performance than the minus 20%, 25%. And that's what's
driving it because the win rate in our Fine Fragrance business is still pretty good. We see also a good influx
of new projects coming. And as we said, the start into the third quarter was actually pretty encouraging,
what we have seen for Fine Fragrances. So I would say the main differences is a customer structure and
how much the customers are selling of their actual products. But I actually expect that this will normalize
over the course of the year. Because in general, I think our win rate in that area is a very, very good one.
And we will see the -- Jeff, the most important season is right before the holiday. Before the holidays,
that's where we sell most of our Fine Fragrances. So end of third quarter, early fourth quarter is actually
-- that's where you win the year. And that's what we have to watch. And I hope when we have the third
quarter announcement that we can give you more news on that one as well. I hope that helps.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I just wanted to ask a bit first about the U.S. So the business was down slightly in the second quarter.
It was a sequential improvement because it was down closer to 1% in the first quarter. But can you talk
a little bit about what's going on there because given the first half performance, it wouldn't seem to be
specifically COVID-related. All consumer packaged goods sales are through the roof when you kind of look
at what's going on from an end market standpoint. So what's going on that business? Maybe have you
lost any big contracts or things like that, that have kind of fallen off because the performance there is,
candidly, surprising still.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Rustom, can you take the numbers?

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

So yes, I mean I think -- are you including sales of Consumer Fragrances in there as well with the Fine
Fragrances? Or what were you talking about?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I'm just looking at just U.S. sales.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

In general, Taste and Fragrances, everything?

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

In general -- not in general, our North American business has held up relatively well. I mean we've seen
-- if you look at Taste and you look at some of the performance that we've had there, we haven't really
seen any big disappointments. We did have the impact in Fine, specifically in North America and Europe,
and that could be coloring part of our numbers there because that's where our large global customers are
concentrated, right?

In terms of consumer, and in terms of our consumer business, our consumer business did well all across
the board. I mean the in developed markets, I don't have the North American number at my fingertips.
But if you look at developed markets, it was in the high-teens, the growth in Q2, consumer specifically. So
I mean I won't...

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Yes, I think the numbers in the Q suggested the U.S. entirely did not grow in the second quarter
or in the first. And North America, in total, was like 1% or 2%. So again, it is a huge contrast to what
the majority of the customers you're doing. But just we'll look back at the Q and double check I haven't
misread something at your filing.

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, sure. We can always follow-up later as well, too.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes, that will be good. Let's follow-up on that one.

Operator

We'll take our next question from James Targett with Berenberg.

James Targett
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Two questions from me. Just firstly, on innovation. You mentioned that you see the project pipeline
improving as the restrictions are minimized. But just -- I mean can you talk about what you're seeing in
terms of customer appetite for innovation, new product launches, generally? Obviously, we're hearing a
lot of CPG company's talk about rationalizing their innovation programs, cutting tail innovations, SKUs, et
cetera. So any color you can give on your position, that would be great.

And then secondly, just on the sort of the recovery momentum you're seeing in July. Can you maybe talk
about any sort of differences you're seeing between the momentum in your large customers, your global
customers versus your smaller or more local ones?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

Sure. Absolutely. If I touch on innovation, what we have seen actually when the COVID crisis was on its
peak in Europe and in the U.S., so starting in March, April, even parts of May, we've seen a slowdown in
our innovation pipeline also driven by the demand of some of the packaged food, for example, or some of
the Consumer Fragrances. So everybody was trying to get the existing product on the shelf as fast as they
could. Since then actually, starting with May, we have seen actually a continuous influx of new projects in
-- actually across the board in all of our different categories we are playing in. And there's more coming.
We saw it first, obviously, in China because that was the first country basically out of the gates in -- after
the COVID crisis for them, and they are already almost back to normal. So we see that many of the bigger
CPGs and also the smaller are now really back to normal. It's certainly depending customer by customer,
but many are coming again with new projects to us. So that's on the first one.

On the second one, on the recovery, we see a recovery. We should look at country-by-country and
category-by-category. Let me start with not by countries, but with regions. Here as well, in the recovery,
Asia is now big. In particular, India, is surging after. India was very impacted in the second quarter. It's
really coming back. We see a good comeback on Europe as well. The U.S. is very, very good for us, maybe
with the exception of the Fine Fragrance business. And we see an impact on newer projects in Latin
America where we see in particular in Brazil and Mexico at the peak of the crisis.

In terms of the categories, we are happy to report back that not just everybody is looking for solutions
on hygiene products, but we see also more demand in new projects on Food Service products, which is
really good. I commented already on the Fine Fragrances. Fine Fragrances are coming back as well. On
the customer base, we certainly see it with large customers. With smaller customers, it's probably more
of a mixed situation where we are in. But some of them are coming back as well. So I hope that helps to
picturize how we see the situation right now in terms of innovation, but in terms of recovery as well.

And as I said, look, I don't want to bank too much on just the July results. But we see that the order
book is quite strong as well for the rest of the quarter, and that should help us actually with a positive
performance as far as we see it. Rustom?

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, thank you. We talked a fair amount about Scent earlier on and maybe a little bit of color on our Taste
categories, right? If you look at Flavors and if you exclude the impact of India, which we've covered and
Food Service, right, the big negatives, all our other businesses grew at around 2.5%. And that was mainly
due to an increase in North America and Greater Asia, driven by strong commercial performance there and
some decrease in EMEA due to some postponed new wins and then, of course, Latin America, where you
have the big negative because of COVID.

Savory was another strong quarter, I mean, comparatively. I mean the in-home consumption channels
were up like over 5 -- call it, mid-single digits. And again, strong performance in North America and
Greater Asia, offset by some weakness in EMEA, and that was due to Food Service because we have a
lot of small Food Service customers in EMEA. And then Inclusions, I mean, obviously, impacted a lot by
COVID. But this, as Andreas said, I mean, with gelato coming back quite strongly with what we're doing
there in the last several weeks.

And finally, MPS, mixed performance in there. The health aspects are extremely strong. And then in some
of the other food protection areas, there have been some delayed launches and stuff like that. So all in all,
I mean, that just gives a bit of additional color that we didn't share earlier.

Operator

We'll take our final question today from Mark Connelly with Stephens.

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

Just two quick things. How would differently would you win your operations if we did have a long-term
shift to more meals at home, a limited restaurant recovery? I'm wondering how big a restructuring that
would be for you.

And second, I was just hoping you could help me understand your exposure between quick-serve and
regular restaurants and whether those 2 trended differently as you start to see recovery.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

For the meal set at home, actually, we are pretty well positioned with our Savory Solutions business
because we have an extra culinary area, which we're using for that area. We certainly would look and
double down what we can develop here. So I think that's an important aspect. So I think it -- I would not
say it would benefit us more, but it would be certainly very manageable for us as well.

On QSR and retail restaurants, we have almost a similar mix. I think that's an important one. And what
we see is that some of the quick service restaurants are really coming back now, which is good, and
it's helping us on the Food Service area as well. But Rustom, you might comment if you have any more
insights.

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

No. I mean it is a mix. I mean it's a mix of those 2. I mean we're actually seeing the restaurants coming
back as well, too, if you looked at our more recent -- at our most recent Food Service numbers. But apart
from that, the quick-serve is clearly coming back faster.

Operator

Thank you. And this will conclude today's Q&A session. I'll return the floor to Andreas for closing remarks.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thank you very much for your time. And these are very exciting times. I hope we gave you good
insights how we see the business even beyond the second quarter, and we are looking forward to the one-
on-ones. Thank you very much. Take care, and stay healthy.

Operator
We'll conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation, you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 11, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

