International Business Machines Corporation 
NYSE:IBM
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 20, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.51

2.52

0.40

4.15

10.68

11.83

Revenue  (mm)

17809.84

17618.00

(1.08 %)

20798.36

75207.84

76544.65

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-20-2021 3:38 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.88

1.65

2.29

2.51

2.07

1.77

2.33

2.52

SURPRISE

10.11 %

7.27 %

1.75 %

0.40 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance &
Operations

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

David Michael Grossman
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If
you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia
Murphy with IBM. Ma'am, you may begin.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, and I'd like to welcome you to IBM's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
Presentation. I'm here with Arvind Krishna, IBM's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim
Kavanaugh, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. [indiscernible] prepared remarks on
the IBM investor website within a couple of hours, and a replay will be available by this time tomorrow.

I'll remind you the separation of Kyndryl is expected to be completed at the beginning of December. And
as a result, our third quarter performance reflects IBM, including the managed infrastructure services
business and our pre-separation segment structure.

Comments made in this presentation may be considered forward looking under the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve factors that could cause our actual results
to differ materially. Information about these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. The
presentation also includes non-GAAP measures to provide additional information to investors.

For example, we present revenue and signings growth in constant currency. In addition, to provide a
view consistent with our go-forward business, we'll focus on constant currency growth, adjusting for the
divested businesses for the impacted lines of total revenue, cloud and our geographic performance. We
provided reconciliation charts for these and other non-GAAP measures at the end of the presentation, 8-K
submitted to the SEC.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Arvind.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Thank you, Patricia, and thanks to all of you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter performance.
At our recent investor briefing, we laid out our hybrid cloud and AI strategy and our approach to delivering
strong free cash flow and sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth starting in 2022.

For the last 1.5 years, we've been taking actions and investing to execute our strategy. This quarter, we
reported modest revenue growth and delivered solid free cash flow, generated over $11 billion of adjusted
free cash flow over the last year. We also made tangible progress in our key growth areas of software and
consulting.

With that, I will acknowledge that in other areas of the business, we fell short of our expectation; systems
during the end of the z15 cycle and Global Technology Services lines pausing ahead of the public filing of
the Form 10 and separation of Kyndryl. We have made further progress in the Kyndryl separation in the
last 2 weeks and announced the distribution date of November 3, which is ahead of our original schedule.

We've done a lot to prepare Kyndryl for this moment. We took structural actions to improve the profit
profile. The management team is in place. Employee transfers and the vast majority of client contract
innovations are complete.

We are now even more certain that separating this business creates value through focus. That said, the
people of GTS have been a part of IBM for a long time. Hence, it is with mixed emotions that we are
reporting on this segment for the last time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

And just yesterday, you heard from Martin and his management team improved strategy and value
proposition. The separation is just one of the many actions we are taking to focus our business on hybrid
cloud and AI and improve our financial profile.

To give you some color on IBM's performance excluding Kyndryl, we delivered 2% revenue growth this
quarter. That compares to 1% in the second quarter and minus 1% in the first quarter. These results
reflect the strong demand for technology products and services that help our clients advance their digital
transformation.

Our software revenue growth was led by Red Hat, security, automation and Cloud Paks across our
software. Global Business Services, soon to be IBM Consulting, accelerated revenue growth to a double-
digit rate. Software and consulting are our 2 main drivers of growth, and this was certainly true this
quarter.

I will now expand on the progress we made in the third quarter toward our future. As I have described in
the past, we have a platform-centric approach, trying to meet clients wherever they are in their journey.
The platform we have built is open, secure and flexible and continues to gain traction in the marketplace.
We now have more than 3,500 clients using our hybrid cloud platform, not only fuels our Red Hat revenue
performance but also provides a solid base for the multiplier effect across software and services.

IBM Consulting is helping to drive this platform adoption and this quarter, had over 180 new Red Hat
engagements. Our teams work alongside our clients to co-create business products and solutions. So far,
we have done more than 4,000 IBM garage engagements. In the last quarter, more clients are leveraging
our platform capabilities and our expertise to unlock business value. Announced DISH is using IBM
software and services to help automate their cloud-native 5G network; Cloud Pak for Network Automation,
which is used with AI, automation and orchestration capabilities used by DISH to fine-tune speed levels or
coverage areas depending on the needs of specific clients.

Building on our partnership spanning half a century, we announced Crédit Mutuel is creating an IBM
technology and skills hub in France. The new hub will help Crédit Mutuel leverage AI, data, cloud and IBM
Z.

Also announced a new agreement with CaixaBank, one of the largest banks in Europe, to boost its
digital capabilities with IBM Cloud for Financial Services and the new IBM Cloud Multizone Region in
Spain. CaixaBank will leverage IBM Consulting industry expertise to move to a hybrid cloud approach for
modernization.

This quarter, we continued to leverage our ecosystem to drive what we described at our investor briefing
as a flywheel of growth. That is the more we grow, the more our partners grow and vice versa. We're
partnering with select GSIs to bring joint solutions to market. This quarter, Atos announced the setup of
the Atos Cloud Center of Excellence to help financial services customers with their digital transformation
journey.

Also have continued momentum and revenue growth from our partnership with industry-leading ISVs
and hyperscalers. [ Quarter ], we are partnering with Adobe to help the British pharmacy chain, Boots,
transform their e-commerce platform and deliver new digital customer experiences.

While we invest in partnerships, we also invest organically and inorganically to deliver innovation. We
made 16 acquisitions since April 2020, including BoxBoat and Bluetab in the third quarter. These will
strengthen our hybrid cloud consulting capability.

In the same manner, we are organically developing new innovations that matter to our clients. I'll mention
a few new introductions starting with our innovations in software. In the quarter, Red Hat introduced
a new re-architectured version of the Red Hat Ansible automation platform. Red Hat also launched a
new version of its advanced cluster management of Kubernetes. These 2 products are now more tightly
integrated, which helps drive hybrid cloud automation.

In addition, the latest version of Red Hat OpenShift became generally available. IBM Cloud Paks run
anywhere that OpenShift runs. They use common services such as logging, metering, monitoring and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

security and are infused with innovations and capabilities from IBM Research to deliver much more value
than containerized code. In this quarter, we launched Cloud Pak for Security, SaaS as well as new versions
of Cloud Pak for Integration, Cloud Pak for Network Automation and the Maximo application suite.

Also recently announced, our Environmental Intelligence software suite. Product based on our Cloud
Pak for Data and leveraging our weather capabilities is designed to help companies measure, monitor
and predict environmental outcomes but also to help simplify ESG reporting. As you know, we made
a commitment to be net 0 greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. We will leverage this solution to inform
management as we take action to reach this goal.

Our Systems business, we recently launched Power10. Power10 has unique hardware innovations,
including a processor specifically optimized for data-intensive workloads such as SAP S/4HANA.

During the quarter, we also announced a Telum processor. This 7-nanometer microprocessor is engineered
to help clients gain insights from their data at the speed of the workload. At the same time, we've
continued to see quantum computing as a promising area of opportunity that will play out in the longer
term. Our teams are hard at work to move this exciting field forward. Investors will have an opportunity to
learn more about this within the next month.

Let me quickly highlight one ESG announcement we made recently. To help protect the rights and privacy
of cloud clients, we have joined other major companies in the tech industry, Amazon, Google, Microsoft,
Salesforce and SAP, to establish the trusted cloud principles. This initiative is consistent with our long-
standing focus on trust and transparency.

Before I transition to Jim, let me reiterate 3 messages we conveyed during our investor briefing. First,
we are optimizing our portfolio to drive mid-single-digit revenue growth starting in 2022. Second, we are
increasing our focus and agility to better serve clients. Third, we are generating strong free cash flow that
enables our investments while providing attractive shareholder returns. This quarter, we took another
step towards this future. While much remains to be done, we are confident we can achieve our midterm
objectives.

Jim, over to you.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Thanks, Arvind. Over the last year, we have been very clear on the 2 most important measures of success,
revenue growth and free cash flow generation. I'll start with these key metrics.

In the third quarter, our revenue of $17.6 billion was up as reported and down modestly at constant
currency. Excluding the content that will go to Kyndryl, IBM's revenue grew 2% with an improving trend
over the last 3 quarters.

Our cash generation was up for the quarter, year-to-date and trailing 12 months. This excludes the cash
charges associated with the separation of Kyndryl and the structural actions initiated at the end of last
year.

Looking at our revenue from a segment perspective, Global Business Services growth accelerated to
11% and our software revenue was up 2%. [ Businesses ] will be our growth drivers into the future and
together represent over 70% of our post-separation revenue profile. Systems declined this quarter by
12%, reflecting product cycle dynamics.

Across our segments, IBM's cloud revenue was up 11% over last year, and it's up 17%, excluding the
cloud revenue going to Kyndryl. This is led by Global Business Services and Cloud & Cognitive software,
which are up 27% and 28%, respectively, over that period.

Moving on to the profit dynamics. Pretax margin is up 10 basis points sequentially but down 100 basis
points year-to-year. As we saw the demand environment improving in the fourth quarter of last year,
we have been increasing investments in skills, innovation and our ecosystem, organically and through
acquisition.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

In the third quarter, we continued to aggressively hire, bringing in technical talent in Red Hat and highly
skilled expertise in Consulting. We're scaling resources in our garages to provide a more experiential
consulting and sales approach. We're adding client success managers to help clients get the most value
out of their IBM solution, and we're increasing investments in R&D to deliver innovations in our hybrid
cloud platform, AI and emerging technologies like Quantum.

The structural actions we initiated at the end of last year are funding some of these investments. Roughly
2/3 of the savings from these actions address stranded costs from the separation and create financial
flexibility to be reinvested for growth. The other 1/3 address the Global Technology Services profit profile
ahead of the separation, and we're seeing improvement in the GTS gross margin.

Our third quarter operating tax rate came in about 5%, which is lower than what we talked about last
quarter. This was due to discrete tax benefits that occurred earlier than we previously expected as we
prepare for the Kyndryl separation. It's important to note that our view of the full year operating tax rate
has not changed since January.

I'll comment on our free cash flow and balance sheet position. We generated $5 billion of adjusted free
cash flow year-to-date and $11.1 billion over the last year. Both exclude cash impacts of about $1.8 billion
for the structural actions initiated late last year and transaction charges associated with the separation
of Kyndryl. Our adjusted free cash flow over the last year is up about $300 million with growth in our
underlying business performance mitigated by a cash tax headwind.

Our cash balance at the end of September was $8.4 billion, up slightly from June but down about $6 billion
from year-end. Over the same period, our debt is down $7 billion.

In addition to debt reduction year-to-date, we've used $3 billion for acquisitions and over $4 billion for
shareholder returns through dividends. Our solid cash generation and disciplined financial management
provides the fuel to invest in our business and pay an attractive dividend.

Turning to the segments. Cloud & Cognitive Software revenue grew 2%. We have a strong recurring
revenue base in Software. Renewal rates for subscription and support were up again this quarter,
contributing to the increase in our software deferred income balance over the last year.

By business area, Cloud & Data Platforms revenue was up 9%, while Cognitive Applications declined 1%,
and Transaction Processing platforms was down 9%. We recently shared plans to provide new software
revenue categories starting in the fourth quarter. We will combine our 2 Software growth vectors, Cloud &
Data platforms and Cognitive Applications and within that, provide greater transparency into performance
and trends by business area.

Looking across these growth vectors, Red Hat, security and automation fueled revenue growth this
quarter. Red Hat revenue was up 17% on a historically normalized basis and 23% all-in. Going forward,
we will focus on this all-in growth given these views will converge over the next year as the impact of the
deferred revenue impairment dissipates. Red Hat revenue growth was driven by double-digit growth in
both infrastructure and application development and emerging technology. And we had more than 40%
growth in OpenShift recurring revenue. Growth in automation was led by key solutions like Cloud Pak for
Integration, and Cloud Pak for Business Automation as well as a strong start to our recent Instana and
Turbonomic acquisition.

Our data and AI revenue was down modestly. We had strength in Cloud Pak for Data, Weather and Maximo
and declines in on-premise data ops portfolio and supply chain as it wrapped on a strong third quarter last
year.

Security remains a key strategic focus area as we're helping clients adopt zero trust architecture with
Cloud Pak for Security and export services. Growth in security revenue continued this quarter, led by
threat management software and services as clients respond to the evolving cybersecurity environment.

In the spirit of transparency, I'll provide a couple of additional metrics into our performance. Our annual
recurring revenue, or ARR, across these software growth vectors grew 7%. This is a good indication of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

the progress in our hybrid cloud and AI client adoption. And we now have over $8 billion in software cloud
revenue over the last year, which is up 28%.

Turning to our software value vector, transaction processing platforms. We provide flexibility to our clients
and how they purchase this mission-critical software. Over the last 18 months, we've seen a preference
for OpEx over CapEx. This continues to pressure perpetual licenses in favor of more consumption-
like model. But importantly, we again had strong renewal rates in our transaction processing platform
software. This is a solid indication that clients see long-term value in these offerings.

Looking at profit for the Software segment. We expanded pretax margin sequentially, while we continue to
invest in new innovation and our ecosystem.

Moving to Global Business Services. Revenue growth accelerated to 11%. Even with the strong revenue
performance, our book-to-bill ratio was greater than 1. Our GBS value proposition is aligned to our clients'
priorities. We're helping our clients capture new growth opportunities and increase operational flexibility
and productivity with hybrid cloud and AI. We leverage our incumbency, IBM technology and strategic
partnerships to modernize their applications and digitally transform their businesses at scale.

GBS revenue growth is led by our cloud offering. GBS cloud revenue now represents more than $7 billion
of revenue over the last year and is up 27%. This performance reflects the continued investments we are
making in our Red Hat, Microsoft and AWS practices.

As Arvind said, we added over 180 Red Hat client engagements this quarter. This contributes to total Red
Hat-related signings of close to $3.5 billion since the acquisition.

Within our 11% revenue growth, consulting was up 16%. There's solid demand here. We're leveraging
our skills and ecosystem partners to transform our clients' business processes and modernize applications
based on OpenShift.

Global processing services revenue was up 19%. Our offerings in finance, procurement and talent and
transformation all grew at double-digit rates. More and more, we're connecting consulting and BPO to
transform client workflows using hybrid cloud and AI.

Lastly, in Application Management, revenue growth accelerated to 5%, off a prior year that was impacted
by the pandemic. Growth this quarter was driven by management of applications in a multi-cloud
environment.

I'll shift to GBS profit profile, where our strong revenue performance drove gross and pretax profit dollar
growth. Our gross and pretax margins improved sequentially but were down year-to-year. With the market
opportunity we see, we are making conscious decisions to invest ahead of revenue. We are investing in
strategic partnerships, new offerings and practices and integrating and scaling out our acquisition.

As I mentioned earlier, we are investing in skills for GBS. In the last several months, we have increased
our go-to-market resources and scaled our practices built around our ecosystem partners and Red Hat.
With a competitive labor market, this is putting some pressure on our labor costs, including higher
acquisition and retention costs, which is not yet reflected in our current pricing. We expect to capture this
value in future engagements, but it will take time to appear in our margin profile.

So now turning to the Systems segment. Revenue performance was down 12% driven by product cycles
in IBM Z and Power, mitigated by growth in Storage. In IBM Z, revenue declined 33% in the ninth quarter
of z15 availability. While z15 program to date continues to exceed the strong z14 cycle, the magnitude of
that overachievement has come down a couple of points this quarter.

IBM Z is an enduring platform given market needs for scalability, reliability, security and more recently,
cloud native development. These characteristics, together with our newer flexible consumption offerings,
further demonstrate the value of IBM Z platform within our hybrid cloud and AI strategy.

Our revenue was down. Late in the quarter, we began the rollout of our next-generation Power10 starting
with high-end system. As always, new Power technology is introduced over time, and the mid-range and
low-end Power10 systems will be available during 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

Storage delivered 11% revenue growth driven by demand from hyperscalers for our tape products and
growth in entry-level all-flash storage following our product refresh earlier this year.

Looking at profit in this segment. Profit margin was down, reflecting where we are in the IBM Z and
Power10 product cycles.

So now let me turn to Global Technology Services. Revenue was down 5%, which is a 1 point deceleration
from last quarter. The year-to-year trajectory of revenue generated from the backlog has been improving
over the last few quarters. In the first half of the year, we also had modest improvements in client-
based business volumes and project activity, which contributes to in-period revenue. However, this
quarter, clients paused on new project activity as the separation was imminent, resulting in the revenue
deceleration.

At the time we decided to separate our managed infrastructure services business, we undertook a series
of actions to improve the margin, profit and cash generation profile of the business, including a substantial
charge in the fourth quarter of 2020. The results of these actions can be seen in the margin improvement
over the last several quarters. And this quarter, we again expanded gross margin, up 120 basis points.
Kyndryl will take this improved profit profile into the separation.

I'll wrap up with a view of our progress year-to-date and then talk about some of the fourth quarter
dynamics. As we enter 2021, we laid out our expectations for the year for our 2 most important
measures: revenue and free cash flow. We expected to grow revenue for IBM at actual rates with
underlying constant currency performance stronger in the second half than the first. We expected to grow
revenue for IBM, excluding Kyndryl, at constant currency. And we expected to generate $11 billion to $12
billion of adjusted free cash flow. That, of course, excludes the cash impacts of the Kyndryl transaction
costs and the structural actions I'd mentioned earlier.

Now we're 3 quarters into the year, and we just completed the last full quarter of IBM on a pre-separation
basis. It's a good time to take a snapshot against those objectives. Through the first 3 quarters, our
revenue at actual rates is up 2%. Our revenue growth trajectory at constant currency has been improving
throughout the year. And excluding Kyndryl, our third quarter revenue was up 2% year-to-year, and our
adjusted free cash flow over the last 12 months is $11.1 billion.

Since the beginning of the year, we have streamlined our go to market. We have increased investments
and closed 10 acquisitions these actions and investments will help drive revenue growth, but it takes time
to fully realize the benefit.

Overall, our results over the first 3 quarters of 2021 reflect progress we've been making toward our
midterm model. During the fourth quarter, we will complete the separation of Kyndryl, which is on track
for November 3. The fourth quarter, therefore, is a major milestone as we transition to the future IBM.

Now let me provide some color on 3 areas for the fourth quarter: first, the revenue trajectory of the new
segments; second, I'll comment on our tax rate; and third, the impact of the separation of Kyndryl to
IBM's consolidated results for November and December on an operating basis.

I'll start with the revenue trajectory of our segments as we report them in the fourth quarter. As always,
I'll talk about it on a constant currency basis. But I'll remind you, the U.S. dollar continues to strengthen
and would be a 1 to 2 point headwind to growth based on current spot rates. To provide a better view of
trends, I'll focus on the growth rates before the revenue from incremental sales to Kyndryl.

We see continued momentum in our growth vectors in Software and Consulting. We expect our Software
revenue growth rate to improve versus the third quarter. And in IBM Consulting, we again expect double-
digit revenue growth. In infrastructure, given product cycle dynamics, we expect fairly consistent
performance with the third quarter, which was a high single-digit decline.

Second, tax. I mentioned the timing of discrete tax benefits occurred earlier than we previously
anticipated as we prepared for the Kyndryl separation. We still expect our full year tax rate to be in the
low teens range, in line with what we indicated back in January. That's our all-in rate including discrete tax
items and applies a fourth quarter tax rate in the high teens.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

And then finally, IBM's fourth quarter consolidated results will reflect the Kyndryl separation. I'll frame
the revenue and earnings per share implications based on the last couple of years. Kyndryl historically
represented just under $5 billion of revenue in the fourth quarter, with about $3.5 billion of that in
November and December. At the same time, we estimate we'll get about $350 million from incremental
sales in those 2 months from the new commercial relationship.

The net impact to IBM consolidated results is a reduction of about $3 billion of revenue for November and
December due to the separation. And for those 2 months, we estimate an impact of $0.20 to $0.25 of
earnings per share including the new commercial relationship.

At the time of separation, Kyndryl will be presented in discontinued operation, with the balance of IBM in
continuing operation. We will provide a historical restatement of continuing operations before the end of
the year.

We are on the threshold of the future IBM. We expect to exit the fourth quarter in a position to deliver our
mid-term model, a mid-single-digit revenue growth and cumulative free cash flow of $35 billion in 2022 to
2024.

So with that, we'll be happy to take your questions.

I'll turn it back to Patricia.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jim. Before we begin the Q&A, I'd like to mention a few items. First, several references were
made today to IBM's new segment structure, which will be effective immediately prior to the Kyndryl
separation. We provided information on the new segment scope and naming in an article posted to our
investor website at the beginning of this month.

Second, supplemental information is provided at the end of the presentation. [indiscernible] includes the
schedule of the availability of recast financial information for IBM post separation.
[Operator Instructions] Operator, let's please open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Arvind, there seems to be a lot of concerns around the actual separation in terms of potential disruptions.
You noted on this call that you saw some hesitation or pause in spending. Do you feel -- given the changes
that you have put in place also with sales comp, do you feel comfortable about the trajectory of the
business once you get past this threshold of near-term disruption that you highlighted?

And if I could, Jim, you noted about $2.5 billion onetime bump from Kyndryl in 2022. Can you maybe
calibrate that number for 2021 as well? That would be helpful.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Wamsi, thanks for the question. Look, I'd like to be very clear. I think that any -- and I would not use the
word disruption, Wamsi. I would use the word that there may be a slight pause, which is the words that
I used in the -- my prepared remarks. I think there's a slight pause, and it'll be the end of third quarter,
maybe the beginning of fourth quarter. And we see that fall mostly in hardware and in Kyndryl itself.

By the way, just to add some color, why do you see that? There has been a lot of hardware that actually
does flow through Kyndryl. And many people, many of our clients think of that as being an alternate way
that they have procured infrastructure in the past. So it's not a surprise given the size of the relationship
with all of those clients that we see a pause in some of them. By the way, I think that that's the complete
nature of it.

When I look at our pipeline, I look at our sales compensation, I look at our executive compensation, I am
completely confident that this will be well behind us by the beginning of '22, meaning by January, well
behind us.

And as we also get into a new product cycle on some of the hardware in the first half of '22, I think that'll
put it completely behind us. And so my view is that we hold firm to our '22 and forward projections. And
this has actually got no long-term or systemic issues that I see, both in the numbers, in the pipelines and
in the actual behavior of clients and our people.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Thanks, Wamsi. To your second question, remember back at -- on October 4 at our Investor Day we talked
about the strong strategic relationship between IBM and Kyndryl going forward, of which I think, at that
time, we shared about $2.5 billion of annualized business predominantly structured around our high-
value mission-critical recurring revenue of software and also some in our infrastructure segment around
hardware purchases and around our infrastructure support. That was a full year annualized view.

If you look at fourth quarter, we're going to have 2 months' worth of that in 2021. And we estimate that,
that's about $350 million to $400 million overall. So if you go back to what I said on October 4, the 2022
compared to 2021, 12 months versus 2 months is, give or take, about a little bit over $2 billion. And that
translates into the 3 points of incremental growth 1x above our mid-single-digit model in midterm.

Operator

Our next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.

A.M. Sacconaghi

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Yes. And I think, Arvind, you touched on this in the first question, but perhaps let me ask it a little more
directly. So this quarter, IBM grew at 1.9% for RemainCo versus the comparison of constant currency at
minus 3.5%. The comparisons get about 2 or 3 points more difficult looking into next year, and you have
to accelerate your growth rate to get to mid-single digit growth by 2 or 3 points. So effectively, adjusting
for compares, the growth rate has to improve about 5 percentage points relative to what you did this
quarter to hit that mid-single-digit target.

Beyond a product cycle in mainframe and UNIX, given you talked about sort of taking time for investments
to pay off, what is going to seemingly pretty suddenly change the growth profile adjusting for comps by
potentially 4, 5 or 6 points over the next few quarters? And do -- how long do you continue to expect to
invest, i.e., have pressure on operating margins, particularly in Software and GBS going forward?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Okay. Thanks, Toni. I'll take the first part of that, and then I'll look at Jim for the second part of the
question. So Toni, there's 3 parts of it. First, let me acknowledge, yes, our growth rates have to improve,
so no question about it. We are not saying we are done.

The 3 elements that will contribute to the growth rate -- and I think a lot of what you were pointing to
was towards the software growth rate. I'll say it comes from 3 things. One, we are seeing improvements
in our organic, meaning the software we already have. We continue to see that. We expect that, that will
improve the software growth rates by a few points. I won't actually say the upper band because I don't
expect that the 3 elements I mentioned, all of them, will all return at their upper band. So let's say, 1 or 2
points from the organic growth rate.

Two, we will continue to make acquisitions. So not only do the ones we have made keep contributing
because they are growing well into double-digit growth rates or the new ones we make will also contribute
to that. Think of that to be in the same range.

The third one, as we're making a lot of changes in our sales compensation as well as in the makeup of our
sales team, we talk about the garages. We talk about client success managers leading to more experiential
and more technical selling. We believe that'll drive greater deployment and hence, quicker purchases in
that segment. And so all of those together will contribute towards a much improved growth rate in the
Software segment up to the mid-single digit as I think you're pointing out in some of your math.

I'm not going to debate is it 3%, 4% or 5%. Happy to do that when we have a bit more time. And I'll pass
it over to Jim for the second part of the question.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

To that point, I can't resist but go into the numbers. So let's just -- Toni, great question. Thank you very
much. Let's talk about this quarter. Again, IBM ex Kyndryl delivered about 2% growth. By the way, that's
an accelerating trend as we talked about in the prepared remarks from about flat through the first half to
now growing 2%. Yes, off an easier compare, we acknowledge that.

But let's take a look at the revenue contribution analysis of what contributed to that 2 points, and now I'll
tie it back to what we said on October 4 as our mid-single-digit growth rate model. We said across our 3
segments, first, we have an improving growth profile as we shift to higher value, higher growth markets
over 70% of our business in Software and in Consulting, which, by the way, also carries a higher value
recurring revenue stream, that those 2 segments will contribute all 5 points of IBM's growth, by the way,
with improving operating margins, which I'll get into at the end.

The infrastructure segment, which is high value, mission critical covering our mainframe business and
infrastructure support business, was projected to be flat over time as it follows innovation cycle. So as we
bring out innovation next year, we firmly believe and confident that we're going to grow there. But over

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

a 3-year period, that's about flat but a significant cash generator. So you got 2 growth vectors, 1 value
vector, 2 delivering growth, 1 delivering cash generation.

Now let's look at how the third quarter played out. Against that 70-plus percent of our 2 growth vectors
that targeted a 5-point contribution, we delivered 4.5 points of revenue growth to IBM. We fell about
0.5 point short, and that's in the software area because we overachieved in GBS. We have a strong book
of business in GBS, now IBM Consulting, and we see that continuing to play out. We got work to do on
Software, but we're making underlying business performance because, as you all know, you see the data.
Our deferred revenue tailwind dissipates over time. And we lost about 1 point of growth in Software just
due to the deferred revenue tailwind, which means that the underlying business of our pro forma IBM
Software continues to improve.

Why do we feel confident moving forward? Just adding to some of the points of Arvind, number one,
we've been 5 quarters in a row now with strong renewal rates. 80% of our Software business is recurring
revenue, high-value recurring revenue. And you see that in our deferred income and deferred revenue
balance up $800 million year-over-year.

Number two, we see nice acceleration in ARR. And by the way, NRR north of 100% again for the third
consecutive quarter. And we're starting to see nice acceleration in Cloud Paks. And most importantly, as
we talked about 3 quarters ago, we are now starting to enter the early parts of our ELA cycle. That will
continue into 2022 and the first half of 2023. So we feel pretty confident about the 2 growth vectors.

Where we missed is, based on being on the back end of a very successful mainframe cycle, the
infrastructure segment took 2.5 points of growth away from IBM ex Kyndryl. So plus 4.5 points against the
target of 5%, we lost 2.5 points in infrastructure. And that will moderate out over time as we bring new
innovation.

And then finally, just wrapping up, on your operating margin comment, we said entering this year, 2 most
important measures, revenue growth, free cash flow generation. We're achieving on both of those. We
said that free cash flow generation was going to be important because we needed to fuel investment in
innovation and in IBM Consulting because we saw robust demand.

We're playing that out consciously. We'll see that improve as we get into 2022, but we're still driving that
cash. And I'll wrap up, year-to-date through third quarter, growing revenue, growing revenue ex Kyndryl
at constant currency. We're growing gross and pretax dollars. We're growing pretax margin, and we're
growing trailing 12 months free cash flow. So that's the model that we put in place, and we feel pretty
confident as we enter 2022.

Operator

Our next question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Arvind, you referenced the positives in Kyndryl and hardware in the quarter, but software performance was
also light of expectations. So can you talk about what drove the shortfall in Cloud & Cognitive Software
and where you see opportunities for better execution within that Software business?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Yes. Thanks, Katy. Yes, certainly, as actually, even Jim acknowledged that we fell maybe 0.5 point short of
our own expectations, and we could have done better. Here is where I see it doing better.

First, the one that performed exactly according to what we wanted was Red Hat. Red Hat gave us 17%,
which is pretty much what we wanted and expected.

If I now look at our Transaction Processing Platform, it was a little bit below what we would like because
we have been saying that, in a long-term model, that should be more mid-single-digit decliner. But

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

this quarter, it was a high single-digit decliner. We think that as we get past, because that is coupled, I
wouldn't call it identical, but it is coupled to some of the infrastructure cycles, I expect that to come back
starting in early '22 or maybe late in '21.

Then on our category that is today called AI applications, we were minus 1%. There, I would expect us to
get back to mid-single-digit growth.

Now you sort of say, if I put it all together, do we expect to see a tiny bit -- I call it a tiny bit of pausing
from people because of everything going on? Yes.

Two, we are turning our incentive models. I spoke on it on the prior question very briefly. Our incentive
models for our sales teams are going to be very heavily tuned towards software going forward in '22.
That, I believe, will result in better -- much better performance because the only way that they will get
anywhere near the target incentives is to make their software number. That is probably for the first time
that, that's been true in a long, long time at IBM.

So Katy, that's sort of my view on what happened there and how we will improve going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It's good to speak to you all. I wanted to ask on the GBS side. So that did accelerate double-digit revenue
growth. Sounds like fourth quarter, you expect that, too, but it did come at a higher cost. So I'm just
curious on the gross margin percentage front. So I'm curious some of the confidence that you can reprice
to offset the higher cost of delivery. Is there risk that those costs could persist here given all the demand
side that you're seeing?

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Yes. Tien-Tsin, this is Jim. I'll take that as we move forward. As I stated earlier and Arvind commented in
the prepared remarks, we do see a very robust demand environment out there. We called it -- as we were
going through fourth quarter, we called a very conscious strategy. GBS, now IBM Consulting, again, plays
a very integral role to our hybrid cloud platform-centric business model. Why? Because it drives scale and
adoption to our platform, and it also pulls IBM technology while taking advantage of the ecosystem and
partnership and skill and capability.

So we started aggressively adding skill, capacity, expertise, ecosystem partnerships and scaling
acquisitions. I think we just announced today our eighth GBS acquisition in the last 12 months overall.
So it was a conscious strategy. And we believe that, that flywheel effect of GBS that turns into the
multiplier of driving our platform, pulling our software and driving a very robust economic equation for our
ecosystem partners is essential in our long-term strategy.

Now with that said, we saw margins down 310 basis points. We saw pretax margins down 110 basis
points. Within that, though, we grew gross profit dollars and we grew pretax dollars. We're about
generating growth in top line and around generating cash contribution. And GBS delivered that today.

I would also mention that GBS accelerated their margins quarter-to-quarter tremendously. Pretax margins
were up 5 points quarter-to-quarter, and they've been accelerating their gross margins sequentially every
single quarter this year. So we delivered over 13 points of pretax margin in the third quarter; and our
model, as we said on October 4, was low teens.

So we feel pretty comfortable. We see a very good book of business, and we continue to see, in fourth
quarter, IBM Consulting delivering double-digit revenue growth and margin dollar and profit dollar and
cash dollar contribution while pulling our software and hybrid cloud platform.

Operator
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

Our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citigroup.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

My question -- since a lot of them have been answered, there's just one of them, and that is the impact
of higher labor costs. No matter where you look, labor costs are going higher. And I do see that in your
prepared slides that you did give that your signings were up 3%.

So should we think about, as time rolls forward, you'll implement more labor costs that escalate and go
higher? Or are they actually material enough so we should be modeling some adjustments into your cash
flows? Or how should we kind of think about that as you work through the business because it's a pretty
dynamic and fluid situation with labor costs?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

So Jim, great question. And by the way, I would tell you that I don't think that this year is unique.
Maybe there's a touch more issues going on, but I don't think it's unique. I remember 2001 really well. I
remember 2007 just before the financial crisis. This is a continuous movie in the technology industry.

Now you said the 3% signings growth. I wouldn't look at the 3%. I would look at our book-to-bill ratio,
which is 1.1. And so book to bill gives a much better signal of what the demand is for our forward-looking
revenue and demand in our IBM Consulting business.

Now look, labor has to be managed. We have a global labor model. We put people everywhere. And as Jim
just mentioned in answers to the prior question that, yes, when you do have inflation in your labor cost,
there is an element of it that's going to price through for that side of the business.

In all the rest of the business, actually, I'm not so worried about labor cost. I'm worried about getting the
right talent maybe, but that is always a worry that I have, and I've been paranoid about that for 30 years.
That's not unique. And I think it's similar to many of your businesses, Jim, like not just yours but all of
your colleagues here on this call.

The right talent is far more important, and our labor cost is important. In the end of the day, it's maybe
15%, 20% of the total cost and expense that is sort of critical towards the other businesses because you
can manage the rest.

So net answer to you is, no, it's not something that needs to be modeled in. I don't believe so. But we
always have to worry about it in terms of how do we price, how do we get the labor pools, where do we
put the labor pools and all of those elements.

Operator

Our next question comes from Keith Bachman, Bank of Montreal.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I wanted to ask first on Cloud Paks that you seem to be suggesting that this is going to be a key or one of
the many enablers to drive growth. And I was hoping you could explain a little bit why Cloud Paks because
it sounds very similar to bundling, which IBM and many companies have been doing for years. So want to
try to understand a little bit why Cloud Pak is different from the historic bundling that IBM has been doing.

And then second, if I could just ask, Jim, a question I've asked before is on software maintenance. A
good quarter on easy compares and I just wanted to get your thoughts on the durability of the software
maintenance, not whether it's important. But is it, in fact, a growth category as we look out within GBS
over the next 2 years, 3 years?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

So Keith, I'll take the first part of that question on Cloud Paks. So Cloud Paks are not just bundled. They're
not just containerizing software. I'll tell you right away, if all you do is bundled software, you'll actually get
a price deflation. If all you do is containerized software, there will be no plus or minus. It's just a different
way of delivering it.

So I'll take one of the Cloud Paks and maybe use it as a quick example. If I take our Cloud Pak for Data, if
I now turn around and tell you that whether we take some of our integration software or whether we take
a database software like Db2, and that's all you provide through that, you're right, that's neither plus nor
minus. I think it will stay where it is.

However, it's not just putting those in as options. A lot of the Cloud Pak for Data is actually new
innovation. It includes methods around data fabric. It includes methods around how do you federate
data both from public clouds and from other repositories that are probably not IBM's inside the client's
on-premise environment. It contains the data catalog. It contains these ways to be able to do some
competition without even moving the data.

That new content added to some of the existing content, so we take advantage of our incumbency, but we
get lift because there is more usage overall for these technologies than there was before, is why we are so
excited about Cloud Paks and where it gives us both. Yes, some of it is just going to be a movement, but
a lot of it is actually increased usage. And hopefully, that sort of made the example clear on how we are
driving innovation into the portfolio with that one example.

So Jim, I'll give it to you to address the -- I don't know whether to raise maintenance in ARR or NRR.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

I think, Keith -- and I'm interpreting your question given you applied it to GBS and we've had this
discussion many quarters appropriately so and you're talking about application management services,
AMS. If I'm not answering the right question, please get back to Patricia, and we can move forward from
there.

But AMS, as we've talked about for a handful of quarters, we got back to growth, up 5%, accelerated
that growth, albeit, as we said in the prepared remarks, off a much easier compare during the height of
the pandemic last year in third quarter. But it was up this quarter as we had growth in offerings, which
modernize the client's applications and as we move them to a hybrid cloud.

We talked about our application management having a tremendous incumbency value in a hybrid cloud
platform-centric model. Why? Because what we've seen and learned over the last 2-plus years after the
acquisition of Red Hat is that, one, we've built up a $3.5 billion book of business around our Red Hat
practice in GBS from a dead start during the acquisition. And we built that up. Of that $3.5 billion, over
3/4 of that book of business is in AMS accounts.

Second, AMS -- excuse me, GBS driving that flywheel effect I talked about earlier is actually -- delivers
over 1/3 of our cloud revenue -- Cloud Pak revenue growth each quarter, and within that, 80% are AMS
accounts. So there is a causality and a correlation here between our strong incumbency base, us having
industry business process knowledge and the technical expertise to be the client's trusted partner. To
move them along their journey to cloud, AMS is a very integral part. So we saw good growth.

And by the way, our penetration of AMS cloud activity, remember, we talked about in the past this
predominantly being an on-prem enterprise application concentration issue. We continue to make
progress. We're -- about close to 40% of our AMS business is now cloud, and we're capitalizing on Red
Hat. We're catalyzing on application modernization. And we're capitalizing on very strong ecosystem
partnerships with SAP S/4HANA to name one, as we move forward.

Operator

Certainly, our final question comes from David Grossman with Stifel.

David Michael Grossman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Just 2 really quick ones. First, how much, if any, of the revenue with Kyndryl is activity-based, which may
be dependent on their own execution? And then secondly, Jim, you mentioned the ELA cycle starting up,
I think, early 2022. Perhaps you could share with us just how much of a headwind it's been and which
segments it's impacted most.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

David, thank you very much for the question. I think I'll take both, and then Arvind can wrap it up here
overall.

First, around Kyndryl. So if you go back to October 4 at the Investor Day, which we were pretty
transparent, and we said we're going to continue that transparency into 2022 around the external sales
with the strong strategic relationship between IBM and Kyndryl, we said about, on a full year basis, $2.5
billion, give or take. And in 2022, when you got 12 months versus 2 months in 2021, it'd be about $2
billion of incremental or about 3 points.

Within that, David, the majority of that is in software. And a majority of that is annuitized-based high-
value, mission-critical-based recurring revenue. So if you're thinking about do we have any deflationary
impacts around that $2-plus billion on the software side, which carries the majority of it, no.

The second component is we have about -- annualized about $0.5 billion with regards to our infrastructure
support and hardware. On the infrastructure support, it's again an annuitized-based business overall.
And with regards to hardware, in our strategic relationship, as we set Kyndryl up, we've given them a
pretty aggressive and component of a aged inventory refresh program, so we have very little hardware
purchases over probably the next 18 months to 2 years given we just went through a big asset refresh. So
long answer to your question, but I don't think we have a lot of impact moving forward against that.

Second, around the ELA cycle, you know this quite well. It's typically a 3-plus year. The dynamics of client
buying behaviors change over time, but we feel very confident. The good news is here is we have a lot of
headroom. We're just starting the early part of that in fourth quarter. That will predominantly play out in
2022 and then will also extend early into 2023 as we move forward.

And if you look at our transactional-related activity, we've been making strong performance improvement
in our annuitized-based business with the renewal rates, and our on-prem transactional business
has struggled, especially during the pandemic. This will bolster that as we move forward. And most
importantly, we feel confident in the investments in innovation and what we're bringing to market with our
modernized and containerized Cloud Pak offerings optimized on top of our hybrid cloud Red Hat platform
that we're good.

So with that, let me turn it over to Arvind.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Thanks, Jim. Look, first, I'd like to thank all of you for your questions. I thought they were really getting
into the details; and hopefully, it helped -- our answers helped you understand our business a lot better.

Let me just make a couple of comments to wrap it up. I hope you took away is that we continue to make
this progress this quarter in the key areas. Both myself and Jim highlighted them in our key areas of
growth and in our value vectors as we go forward, especially looking into '23. But we'll also acknowledge
that we always have more to do.

Importantly, we are on the threshold of the IBM of the future, and we expect to exit the year in a position
that delivers on our mid-term model starting in 2022. That is the sustainable mid-single-digit revenue
growth and the increasing free cash flow that fuels all the investments.

So with that, I look forward to speaking to all of you again.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Arvind, thanks. Victor, let me turn it back to you to close out the call.

Operator
Thank you for participating on today's call. The conference has now ended. You may disconnect at this
time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20,
2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

