International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. 

NYSE:IFF
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, August 06, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

1.50

1.50

0.00

1.50

5.80

-

6.55

Revenue  (mm)

2976.29

3089.00

3.79

2924.07

11303.80

11400.00

12222.41

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-06-2021 8:19 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

1.46

1.19

1.55

1.50

1.40

1.32

1.60

1.50

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

(4.11 %)

10.92 %

3.23 %

0.00 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Michael DeVeau
Senior VP and Chief Investor
Relations & Communications
Officer

Rustom Jilla

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Ghansham Panjabi
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Gunther Zechmann
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Lisa Hortense Maria De Neve
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Mark Connelly

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Porter DeYoe
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.

Michael DeVeau
Senior VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's Second Quarter
2021 Conference Call.

Yesterday, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter financial results and outlook for
2021. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being
recorded live and will be available for replay.

I ask that you please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we're
making forward-looking statements about the company's performance and business outlook. These
statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional
information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-
looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors stated in yesterday's press
release.

Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe
affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP
measures is available on our website.

Please note that we'll be using combined historical results for the second quarter, defined as 3 months of
legacy IFF results and 3 months of legacy N&B results. And for the first half 2021, defined as 6 months
of legacy IFF, January to June, and 5 months of legacy N&B, February to June, in both the 2020 and '21
periods to allow comparability in light of the merger completion on February 1, 2021.

With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and
CFO, Rustom Jilla. We will begin with prepared remarks, and then take any questions that you may have
at the end.

I would now like to turn the call over to Andreas.

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Thank you, Mike, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I will begin today's call by providing an
overview of our performance during the first half of 2021, followed by an update regarding our ongoing
efforts to fully integrate the N&B business following the completion of the transaction in the first quarter of
the year. Rustom will then provide a detailed review of our second quarter financials, highlighting segment
level business performance and the market dynamics we saw in the quarter. Before we jump into the
question-and-answer session, Rustom will also conclude with an overview of our expectations for the
remainder of 2021.

Now beginning with Slide 6, I would like to review our business highlights for the first half of the year.
I'm pleased to report that IFF has delivered a strong performance in the second quarter, which is a robust
acceleration versus our combined Q1 growth and through the first half of the year.

As I've said before, execution is everything, and IFF has delivered strong financial results, while advancing
our ongoing integration efforts following the completion of the N&B merger in February. In the first half of
2021, IFF achieved $5.6 billion in sales, representing 8% growth or 5% on a currency-neutral base. For

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

comparable purposes and to reflect the portfolio differences between our peers, I want also to highlight
that both businesses performed well, with legacy IFF achieving a very strong high single-digit growth rate
with nearly 100 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion and legacy N&B growing in mid-single digits.

At the same time, we continue to operate in a challenging global environment, with significant headwinds
in material cost and supply chain logistics. In the first half, combined EBITDA growth was a solid 6% and a
combined EBITDA margin of 22.5%.

Importantly, our strong free cash flow of $533 million enables IFF to maintain significant financial
flexibility, including our efforts to delever. We remain on track to achieve our deleveraging targets of
under 3x by year 3 post transaction close, and we improved our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA
leverage from 4.3x in the first quarter to 4.2x in the second quarter. Finally, we are also well on track
with integrating the N&B business and continue to realize synergies in line with our expectation for the
transaction.

As we sharpen the IFF portfolio, we continue to progress on the divestiture of our food preparation
business, which we expect to be completed late in the third quarter or early fourth quarter. As I mentioned
last quarter, the divestiture of this non-core business will create a more efficient IFF, with an enhanced
ability to grow and innovate across the key business segments. We are committed to ongoing active
portfolio management and will continue to seek ways to increase value creation.

Stepping back to reflect on the first half of the year. I'm very pleased with what we have been able to
accomplish. We delivered strong sales growth, which is an acceleration versus historical performance
for both legacy IFF and legacy N&B, in the midst of a transformational integration as well as a global
pandemic. This is a validation of our strategy, motivates our team to continue defining industry
expectations as we continue to see the benefits of our expanded product offering and capabilities.

Long-term growth prospects of our business are strong, and we are making investments in capacity,
R&D and plant technologies as well as increasing inventory levels and incurring higher logistic costs to
maintain our growth momentum in the interim, specifically in the N&B business as we maximize our
growth opportunities going forward.

As we look to the third quarter and second half of 2021, our objectives are clear: build on this momentum,
while executing on our integration plans, allowing IFF to fully leverage our new capabilities and achieve
our long-term expectations.

Turning to Slide 7. I would like to briefly discuss the regional sales dynamics that influenced our results
for the first half. Despite persisting global challenges and various economic recoveries, we are pleased to
report growth in each of our 4 key operating regions. In North America, we achieved growth in all of our
business segments, led by a single-digit growth in Scent, Nourish and H&B.

Similar to the first quarter, our Asian markets continue to perform well, achieving a 5% increase in sales
led by double-digit growth in India and a mid-single-digit performance in China. While we had anticipated
that growth would have been impacted in India due to COVID in the second quarter, the business was
resilient and finished higher than we expected, with strong double-digit growth in Q2.

From a segment perspective, in Asia, strong increases across our Nourish, Scent and Pharma Solutions
businesses all contributed to this sustained growth in this key region. Latin America, our strongest
performing region, we achieved 12% sales growth, driven by double-digit performance in nearly all of
IFF's business segments and underpinned by favorable currency movements and the impact in Brazil,
Mexico and South Cone all achieved growth in the first half.

We are particularly pleased to report that our EMEA region has impressively rebounded in the second
quarter up to high single digits. We achieved a 2% increase in sales in the first half as COVID-19-related
restrictions eased. Our Scent and Nourish business performed particularly well in Q2, both achieving
double-digit growth.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Bearing any newly emerging COVID-19 challenges, we expect this growth to continue through the
remainder of the year as global vaccination rates increase, and Western and Central Europe continue to
recover.

Now turning to Slide 8. I will provide a more detailed look at our sales performance across IFF's key
business segments through the first half of 2021, particularly those that significantly contribute to our
overall 8% sales growth or 5% growth on a currency-neutral basis that I mentioned earlier.

We are pleased to report solid growth across all of our 4 core divisions. Nourish, Health & Biosciences,
Scent and Pharma Solutions. Nourish achieved currency-neutral growth of 6%, driven by a strong
performance in flavors, ingredients and food design.

Similar to the first quarter, Scent remains our largest sales driver on a year-to-date basis, achieving 8% in
currency-neutral growth led by a strong performance in Fine Fragrance and Consumer Fragrance.

Our Health & Biosciences business has returned to solid growth in the second quarter following a
challenging first quarter, where sales were affected by COVID-19 pressures in Microbial Control and Grain
Processing. While Microbial Control continues to be challenged, for the first half, we saw growth in Grain
Processing, which showed a recovery in the second quarter as well as Home & Personal Care cultures and
food enzymes and animal nutrition. Finally, our Pharma Solutions business also delivered growth to the
first half of 2021 against a strong year ago comparison.

On Slide 9, I would like to discuss the underlying dynamics influencing each of our 4 segments in the first
half. As I mentioned, we saw broad-based growth in all Nourish categories, led by robust performance in
flavors. Despite strong volume and continued cost discipline, higher raw material costs continue to affect
margin when compared to the first half of 2020. However, on a year-over-year basis, EBITDA grew about
7%.

Our Health & Biosciences businesses delivered growth in the first half, led by strong performance in
Home & Personal Care and Grain Processing. This growth offsets COVID-19-related pressures in Microbial
Control and a strong year ago comparable in health. Higher logistic costs related to capacity and strong
demand impacted our margin. Nonetheless, we are encouraged by this performance and expect continued
improvement as we move into Q3.

Our leading growth and profitability driver, Scent, achieved an operating EBITDA margin increase of
170 basis points and absolute EBITDA grew nearly 20%. This was driven by a strong rebound in Fine
Fragrances as retail channels continue to recover, continued strength in Consumer Fragrances and double-
digit growth in Cosmetic Active. Scent also delivered strong profitability led by higher volumes, favorable
mix and higher productivity, which we expect to continue through the remainder of the year.

Lastly, in Pharma Solutions, the segment's 1% growth was driven primarily by improvements in
industrials. So our margin was significantly challenged due to higher energy costs, lower manufacturing
utilization and result in a weather-related raw material shortages.

Now on Slide 10 and 11, I would like to discuss our continued synergy progress in connection with our
merger with N&B. From a revenue synergy perspective, we remain on track to meet our $20 million
revenue synergy target this year. Coupled with continued demand and positive feedback from our
customers, we are also confident in our ability to meet our 2024 run rate revenue synergy target of
approximately $400 million.

I would like to spend a moment highlighting how we realized this significant opportunity and share
additional context on some of our recent wins. And only 6 months since completing the merger, we are
already seeing strong affirmation in the opportunity before us. Our Home Care segment is a perfect
example of how our expanded portfolio and combined capabilities with N&B delivers creative solutions for
our customers and creates new opportunities for our business.

Recently, our Health & Biosciences division saw an opportunity to collaborate with our Scent division, a
global Scent's customers expressed a need for enzyme technology and IFF's capabilities across divisions
allowed us to deliver an integrated solution and ultimately create a superior dishwashing detergent.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Together with IFF's leading fragrance capabilities, our enzyme technology ensures fit-for-purpose delivery
and performance, which creates a differentiated product for our customers. This opportunity represents
more than $5 million in annual sales potential.

At the same time, we're actively working with other customers across our IFF network to develop solutions
that require capabilities across our 4 divisions. The food and beverage category, we continue to see
demand for plant-based meat alternatives that showcase the best of our expanded portfolio.

For low sugar, low fed yogurt, we are introducing new flavor technologies with improved texture and speed
to market, which are key advantages for our customers. Lastly, in our health category, we are developing
an integrated solution for fiber gummy that leverages our unmatched scientific and technical expertise,
combined with our best-in-class flavor offering.

These are just a few examples of the cross-selling opportunities that we are seeing customers increasingly
demand and differentiator for our business over the long term.

We made significant strides in the second quarter from an integration perspective, ramping up our cost
synergies from a few million dollars in the first quarter to a total of approximately $15 million on a first
half basis. This was largely a result of the comprehensive savings program we have implemented in the
second quarter, which allowed us to leverage our increased scale to reduce our indirect spend, benefit
from various office consolidations and renegotiations and rightsize our organization.

Additionally, because of our operational strength and commitment to the integration process early on,
we were all able to accelerate exiting our various transition service agreements with DuPont. I'm very
encouraged by the continued progress on this front, and we are on track to deliver at least $45 million
cost synergies for the full year and ultimately, our 3-year run rate cost synergy target of $300 million.

And now I will hand it over to Rustom.

Rustom Jilla

Thank you, Andreas. I will begin with an overview of our consolidated second quarter results on Slide 12.

In Q2, IFF generated approximately $3.1 billion in sales, representing a 13% year-over-year increase
or 9% on a combined currency-neutral basis, primarily driven by double-digit growth in our Nourish and
Scent divisions and a strong Health & Biosciences performance.

Though our gross margin was pressured by higher input costs, raw materials and logistics inflation,
and higher air freight volumes, this was partly offset by our disciplined cost management practices,
administrative expense reductions and cost synergies. This enabled us to deliver adjusted operating
EBITDA growth of 7%. We also achieved strong adjusted earnings per share, excluding amortization, of
$1.50 for the second quarter.

On Slide 13, I want to provide a perspective on sales performance in Q2 versus pre-COVID. There is no
doubt that 2020 was an extraordinary year due to COVID-19, so it makes more sense to also evaluate our
performance relative to 2019 levels. And as you can see, all 4 divisions in the second quarter delivered
strong sales growth as compared to the space period.

Total company sales were up 8% on a 2-year basis, with double-digit growth in Nourish and Pharma
Solutions, a high single-digit increase in Scent and mid-single-digit growth in H&B. With the exception of a
handful, all of our subcategories have grown relative to their pre-COVID levels.

Most notably, we are pleased to report that those categories most impacted by COVID-19 are ahead of
their respective Q2 2019 levels, including Cosmetic Active, which is up double digits; Fine Fragrance,
which is up high single digits; and Grain Processing, which is up low single digits.

Food Service and Microbial Control, while we had strong growth in the second quarter of 2021, remain
below Q2 2019 levels, but we expect will continue to improve as we move forward. This performance
underscores the strength and diversity of our portfolio as well as our position as an essential partner to
our customers.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Now on the next few slides, I will dive deeper into the second quarter financials of each of our 4 divisions.
Beginning with Nourish on Slide 14. Sales for the division increased by 15% year-over-year or 11% on
a currency-neutral basis, driven by robust double-digit growth in Flavors, with Frutarom contributing to
growth, and a strong ingredients performance, particularly from our protein solutions, cellulosic, locus
bean gum and food protection categories.

Nourish also saw a strong rebound in Food Design, including a very strong 24% growth in Food Service
as pandemic-related restrictions continue to ease and consumer behavior in away-from-home channels
continue to normalize. As I mentioned in the previous slide, higher raw material costs put relatively
modest pressure on the margins of most of our individual segments, although we are pleased to have
delivered adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 7%.

Pricing continued to accelerate in Q2 and contributed over a percent of growth in the second quarter. As
we will discuss later, we expect this will increase significantly in the third and fourth quarter as more of our
pricing actions take hold.

Turning to Slide 15. Our Health & Biosciences division saw a year-over-year growth of 9% or 5% on a
currency-neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in Home and Personal Care. As Andreas mentioned
earlier, we are particularly encouraged by Health & Biosciences return to growth this quarter, led by our
Microbial Control and Grain Processing categories strong recoveries from the industrial and supply chain
challenges related to COVID-19.

Performance in our health category was challenged based on the particularly strong double digit probiotics
year-over-year comparison, although this did not offset the rest of the segment's growth and we remain
confident in the health categories trajectory moving forward.

Health & Biosciences also delivered adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 5%. While you see that the
division's margin was down this quarter, this was due to higher logistics costs in order to balance robust
customer demand and available capacity. We have increased capacity investments in this business to
support long-term growth and invest in R&D and plant technology to increase output later this year. We
are incurring significantly higher airfreight costs to maintain our growth momentum in the interim and this
is impacting our EBITDA margin.

Now turning to Slide 16 to discuss the results of our Scent division, which continued to be a standout
growth contributor this quarter. Our Scent division generated $550 million in total sales, representing
year-over-year growth of 16% or 13% on a currency-neutral basis. Scent also achieved adjusted
operating EBITDA growth of 34% with margin expansion of 300 basis points, driven by robust volume mix
and productivity, which did offset some inflationary pressures.

While Consumer Fragrances was down slightly this quarter against a very strong double-digit year-ago
comparison, a significant rebound in Fine Fragrances, which grew by approximately 85%, led by new wins
and improved volumes, more than offset Consumer Fragrances more modest performance due to last
year's double-digit growth.

Our Ingredients category also contributed to the division's strong performance, growing double digits, led
by strong performance in Cosmetic Active and Fragrance Ingredients. Overall, we are extremely pleased
with Scent's continued strong performance.

Lastly, turning to Slide 17 to discuss Pharma Solutions. Currency-neutral sales were flat against a strong
year ago comparison, with industrial Pharma the most significant performance driver for this division, led
by Global Specialty Solutions. Core pharma's performance was challenged against a very strong year ago
comparison.

On a 2-year basis, growth was solid at about 3.5%. Adjusted operating EBITDA was pressured this
quarter, with the margin decline due to higher energy costs and lower manufacturing utilization due to a
couple of plant shutdowns as a result of weather-related raw material shortages. Specifically, we had raw
material availability issues related to the Midwest storm in the U.S. earlier this year, which meant we were
not able to run production and absorb our fixed costs. Going forward, the supply chain is improving which
we expect will lead to stronger margins in Pharma Solutions for the balance of the year.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Now turning to Slide 18. I'd like to review our cash flow position, leverage dynamics for the first half of
2021, which remain a top priority as we continue to navigate a recovering global market.

As you will see in the first half, IFF generated $533 million in free cash flow, with free cash flow from
operations totaling $698 million, driven by an improvement in core working capital. CapEx for the first half
totaled $165 million or approximately 3% of sales as we continue to invest in growth-accretive areas that
we believe will ultimately prove rewarding over the long term as well as integration-related activities.

In the first half, we also delivered $274 million in dividends to our shareholders. As we look ahead, we
are confident that our cash generation will remain robust, and have announced that we are raising our
quarterly dividend, marking the 12th consecutive year of dividend increases.

From a leverage perspective, our cash and cash equivalents finished at $935 million, with gross debt
holding steady at $12 billion. Our trailing 12-month credit adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.61 billion, and our
net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA was 4.2x.

We are slightly better than we expect to be at this point in time, and we are still expecting to delever to
below 3x net debt to EBITDA in the first 3 years post the transaction close.

Now moving to Slide 19. I'd like to provide an update on our financial outlook for the full year 2021. IFF
has built a solid foundation in the first half of the year and delivered particularly strong second quarter
performance, and we expect strong growth will continue through the rest of the year.

For the full year 2021, we are, once again, increasing our forecast for total revenues with an expectation
to achieve 2021 total revenues of approximately $11.4 billion, which equates to about 7% growth. This
is up from our previous $11.25 billion or 6% growth as we have confidence in our sales momentum
continuing into Q3 and through the rest of the year. Breaking down the contributors of growth, we expect
currency-neutral sales to be about 5% and FX benefits to be approximately 2%.

While pandemic-related uncertainties persist, we are encouraged by the strong performance and
important recoveries we are seeing across the business, which we believe position us well to capture
continued strong sales growth in Q3 and Q4. At the same time, we now see full year 2021 adjusted
EBITDA margin at about 22.5% versus approximately 23% previously. A part of this reduction is related to
our margin performance in Q2 for all the reasons I explained earlier. We also continue to see inflationary
pressures across the supply chain.

From a raw material perspective, we have seen raw material costs continue to increase over the course of
the year. In the first half, we are successful in raising our prices to recover a portion of the cost increases
and continue to expect close to full cost recovery in the second half.

It should be noted that we're also seeing more broad-based non-raw material inflation, such as higher
energy costs that we are managing through. Our expectations for airfreight has also increased significantly
as rates are higher, but mostly higher volumes to balance robust customer demand and available capacity.
We are absorbing higher logistics costs to grow the business in the short term and expect this is only
temporary until our capacity expansion projects are complete.

The combination of unfavorable price to raw material costs and higher logistics costs are negatively
impacting operating margin in 2021 by more than 100 basis points. However, through higher sales, strong
cost discipline and our focus on unlocking additional cost synergies, we believe we will end up only about
50 basis points lower than our previous expectations, with higher revenues and a roughly similar dollar
EBITDA level.

For modeling purposes, please note that depreciation and amortization, interest expense, CapEx as a
percentage of sales, adjusted effective tax rate, excluding amortization and weighted average diluted
share counts all remain the same as what we shared in Q1.

Overall, we are confident that we are well placed to continue capturing additional growth over the next
2 quarters and beyond, while maintaining our focus on execution, continued financial discipline and
leveraging our significantly bolstered resources and expertise as a stronger, more diversified company.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Now I'd like to turn the call back to Andreas, who will provide some closing remarks before we open the
line for our question-and-answer session.

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Thank you, Rustom, and thanks again to all of joining us today. Before I wrap up today's call, I would like
to first recognize our thousands of employees around the world who continue to display their unwavering
commitment to serve our customers, unify our teams together with N&B and deliver for our communities.
Despite the uncertain environment that we have continued to navigate, IFF's first half and Q2 results
showcased the strength of our combined portfolio and our ability to execute our ambitious business
objectives. And I'm incredibly proud to lead such a talented and passionate group of IFFers.

We have much to be proud of this quarter as we move ahead. I'm confident that we have built the
financial and operational structures needed for our combined company to reach even greater heights. As
Rustom and I have mentioned, we are targeting a strong full year performance, indicative of our post-
pandemic aspirations, and I know we are exceptionally positioned to achieve this. And we are seeing the
strong top line momentum continue in the early days of the third quarter.

Together, we will further our mission to be an innovative force for good and redefine what it means to be a
leader in a global value chain for consumer goods and commercial products.
With that, I would like to open the call for questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. Thanks, I guess the question is more around sales guidance. So I guess, why not raise more
considering the strong second quarter result? Obviously, comparisons remain favorable over the back half
of the year. Rustom talked about incremental pricing. So maybe if you could just talk about that generally?

And then related to that, was there any borrowing in 2Q from the back half of the year? Is that something
that we should listen for, watch for kind of thing? And how do you think about that? And then on pricing,
how do you think about the increase in pricing, which seems to be much more around the DB portfolio and
thinking about the elasticity there relative to the legacy business?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Mark, this -- This is Andreas. Let me get started on it, and then Rustom is talking about the pricing.

So first of all, your second question, there's no borrowing from the third quarter for the second quarter. I
think that's important. Number 2 is what is driving us and the strong performance in the second quarter
and also the start into the third quarter because July, we had the sales already. So it's a strong win rate.
It's a very robust demand we are seeing. In some areas, it is also a superior technology, in particular in
parts of the enzyme business and a really good R&D pipeline here as well.

So the question now is why we are not going higher? Look, it's a [indiscernible] environment for us right
now. and as for everybody else. So we have now the COVID Delta variant. And we said, "Look, let's be
careful here what we do getting ahead of our skis here and make sure that we have a very realistic target
on the sales side." And Rustom, if you could talk a bit about volume and pricing, that would be probably
helpful.

Rustom Jilla

Sure, sure. Look, our focus on the second half is on ensuring that we achieve the pricing needed to
recover raw material and logistics costs, okay? We do recognize we had very strong growth in Q2,
predominantly volume-driven. But also, I mean, there is uncertainty out there with Delta COVID, as you
heard. So we've calibrated our guidance, we think appropriately, to manage performance, risk and the
need for pricing.

And the composition is a bit different of our first half and second half growth. I mean in the second half,
we're expecting that, on average, pricing will contribute close to 2.5 points of growth, with volumes at a
similar level. So this is all without FX, of course.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Andreas, just curious, you sounded pretty positive on the sales synergy momentum that the teams are
putting together. Any thoughts on -- or any changes in the contribution potential in '22 and maybe even
the second half of this year?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman
Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Mike, so we are very, very confident that we achieve what we have set for this year. Second year, we will
see how the run rate turns out. I'm very impressed actually what the teams are doing.

I'll give you a couple of examples. I did know since we are going a little bit lighter on the pandemic. I did
a good trip in the U.S. and in Europe actually twice. And I saw what the power is combining, let's say, an
ingredient sale with a flavor sale. So I'm really optimistic that we are, let's say, are moving in the right
direction. But it's probably too early to raise the forecast already for next year. That might be in the next
call where we can take a very detailed look.

The most important thing for me is how natural the teams are already combining ingredients at Flavors,
for example, and what kind of opportunities we have in areas like the Home Care with superior edition
washing detergents, for example, and in the health area as well, which were not so much on our forefront
when we started this all endeavor. And that's really good.

So I'm optimistic, but it's probably too early to raise it right now. Okay, Mike?

Operator

We'll take our next question from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So I wanted to ask a little bit more about Health & Biosciences. I know you had previously talked about
capacity constraints in that business due to elevated demand. So maybe I was expecting higher growth in
that segment because of this, but I wonder if your capacity constraints sort of limited the growth potential
this particular quarter? And if you think growth should accelerate in the back half? Or if there's any other
color you can provide sort of within the various subsegments within Health & Biosciences to help us think
about the business going forward?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Absolutely, Faiza. And that's a very core part of our portfolio. And we see, for almost all the enzyme
categories, we see a really robust demand and in some areas, really our superiority in technology as well.
So answering your question, we had probably more demand than we could satisfy.

And our priority right now in this business is actually to debottleneck some of our manufacturing parts,
investing in more, let's say, manufacturing lines. and making sure that in the next, let's say, 12 to 15
months, we are really able to deliver the strong demand here. So indeed, we had more demand than we
could deliver, and we are working now really 24/7 to make sure that we have the appropriate capacity.

I don't know, Rustom, whether you want to add anything?

Rustom Jilla

Sure. Thanks, Andreas. I mean, look, strong demand in enzymes has led to the tight capacity in the
short term. But to be clear, capacity is not a medium or long-term constraint, right? And Andreas covered
everything else, I thought.

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Just to be clear then you don't...

Operator

And we'll take our next question from ...

Michael DeVeau
Senior VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Sorry. Operator, Faiza, if you want to jump back on the line, that would be great, you cut out.

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I'm here. Sorry. I thought you guys were moving on to the next question, but I just wanted to clarify the
capacity constraints aren't going to be listed in the back half. It's more of a longer-term solution. So more
thinking ahead to 2022. Is that the right way to think about it?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Yes, some of it in the fourth quarter, but most the bulk of it in 2022. Yes, absolutely.

Operator

Next to John Roberts with UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

You mentioned active portfolio management. Do you anticipate any more significant divestments to
accelerate debt reduction?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

I would say, at the moment, we're working hard to look at what we do with our portfolio. It's probably
too early to say something more in detail. Yes, that's probably. I don't know Rustom, if you want to say
anything?

Rustom Jilla

No, I wouldn't add anything.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Secondly, there's continued to be some turnover among the senior management team. How concerned
should we be about that?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Look, we are always concerned if we have a turnover on the management team. So far, I think we keep
it in a way that we make sure that we are really firing on all cylinders and that we find the right people.
Because it's a big task we have here right now. On one hand, delivering on our numbers, integrating the
businesses, and then we are still in the pandemic, which makes it not easier. But in general, I think we
have it very well under control. And as you can see, most of these units are performing actually very, very,
very well, and we expect the same actually for the third quarter as well.

Operator

And we will take our next question from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.

Gunther Zechmann
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

A couple of questions, please. Firstly, on raw materials. You continue to guide for 5% for this year. Is that
sort of time of the year where you start supply negotiations for next year as well? How should we think
about that more like a 2-year stack of 5% each? Or what do you see in those negotiations, please?

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

And then secondly, on the Nourish, and the strong growth there. It's quite remarkable, not just the growth
in itself, but also versus Silvadur and Symrise that you outperformed. And I appreciate there's been one
extra working day in that, but that still outperforms. So can you talk about the sustainability of growth
versus peers going forward? And what's driven the outperformance in the quarter? How much of that is
just Food Service's portfolio mix? And how much is win rates, please?

Rustom Jilla

Andreas, you want to take that and I'll...

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Let me get started. So yes, we are very optimistic on the Nourish right now, also in comparison to some of
our peers. And there's a lot of good wins coming in, very strong wins, particularly on the Flavors side, and
it's really good for what we see the pipeline is pretty filled. We see as well that now having the Ingredients
helps us to open up customers for Flavors because you do always with the CPGs, first, the Ingredient sales
and then the Flavors sales.

And the dynamic right now is if we see an Ingredient sales, we try to cross-sell already the Flavors, which
is working actually quite nicely. So win rates are really good and strong. The demand is very, very, very
robust. What we see as well. And we started being very short term, strong Nourish as well, actually super
strong into the third quarter.

And Rustom, if you could talk about the raw mats, that will be really good.

Rustom Jilla

Yes. Actually, we're looking at closer to about 5.5% now. We've seen continued inflation in logistics and
in raw materials. So yes, we have started the Nigerias getting close to starting negotiations and working
on all of that. But Gunther, at this point in time, we are not seeing any deceleration in inflation. In fact, if
anything, we're seeing it continuing and exacerbating, in general.

It actually has a -- there's another impact to this as well because even when we recover 100% of the cost
increases, I mean that does push down our operating margin. And you can actually go and take the -- just
do the math, anyone interested you go back and pick a number, add like $225 million of cost and $225
million of price recovery to our 2020 results and keep everything else unchanged, and that alone takes
about 50 basis points of our operating margin. That's just pure math. So I mean there's different factors in
here.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So I was hoping maybe it kind of ties off the last question, but maybe thinking a little bit longer term.
How do we think about the cost pressures and inflation this year? Getting -- you're going after pricing
aggressively to recover that, how do we think about that impacting some of the -- or the trajectory
impacting the medium term targets around revenue growth, around EBITDA margins by 2023?

Did it have any impact in terms of the timing of synergy capture over the next 12 to 24 months? Because
I know procurement was a big part, a big bucket in terms of the targeted cost synergies. I'm just trying
to think about how the experience this year and some of the market dynamics at play impact the forward
trajectory?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Yes, that's a good question, Adam. And I have to say that was a big focus for our team right now to look
because we didn't get the procurement savings in the second quarter we wanted, and probably not in the
third. So we shifted actually pretty agile, the way how we deliver the synergies. So it was more cost out in
particular in terms of headcount in other areas as well.

And we are now planning for next year getting more of the synergies from procurement and then certainly
in 2023 because, at some point in time, it will ease. So we -- I think we did a good job just, let's say, shift
where we get it from.

On the revenue growth, before I hand it over to Rustom on EBITDA, it is certainly positive because you
will see also a carryover effect into next year on the sales line if you have raised the prices, which is good
and good to see for us. But I guess everybody in that marketplace is doing it right now.

But Rustom, if you can talk about the cost pressures, in general? How you see it and the EBITDA margin.

Rustom Jilla

Will do. The -- like I said, I mean, the impact of the -- even with full recovery, it depresses our operating
margin. If you look at some of the other factors we're getting this year, it's not so bad, like capacity
expansion projects as we talked about with Pfizer, they come online in 2022. So the negative air freight
impact that we are seeing will go away when you think by the time you come into 2023.

And yes, so we recognize the 26% numbers a little further away from where it is right now compared
to when we are there. But as we started, it's a 3-year number. We are committed to it. And what we're
looking at is so far this year, we've got stronger sales. And as you can see, slightly lower op margin than
we expected.

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Actually a good point, Rustom is making because a big portion of it is driven by air freight. And as soon as
we have enough capacity available, we will reduce the air freight quite significantly, which is super helpful
on the cost side as well.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Why were Scent margins up year-over-year and Nourish margins down? Was it that Scent had a better
pricing dynamic? Or is there some other factor? And how large is the fruit preparations business?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Rustom?

Rustom Jilla

So let me take -- yes, let me take the part of that. So most of the cost increases that the raw material
draft cost increases that we've seen coming through and are still coming through are impacting Nourish.
I mean if you think about $220 million-ish sort of cost hit that we're having right now, a part of which is
freight rates, okay, not the freight volume that Andreas and I talked about, but freight rates. Probably
close to 80% is impacting Nourish. And it's a few specific areas, it's soy meal, soy protein. That's the
biggest one that we see there.

There's LBK, lotus bean kernel that's very close behind. And then there's also like vegetable oils,
propylene glycol, stuff like that. I mean the Scent business, the impact turpentine cedarwood, it's there,
and it's coming in, but it's coming in more in the back half of the year as opposed to the first half of the

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

year, and it was smaller compared to Nourish. Nourish is where we had the biggest impact. So that's what
you're really seeing driving the business there.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And the fruit preparation business, how big is that?

Rustom Jilla

It's a small business. I don't know if we've -- with the seller wanted us to disclose that, so I won't. But
we're talking it's a very small sub-$100 million. How is that?

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I guess first thing was just with the comments that you expect legacy IFF to be up double digits for the
balance of the year, which is really impressive set of expectations. I think it would imply that the N&B side
of the house would be decelerating pretty considerably. I mean it sounds like that might be due to the
capacity constraints, but I was just curious if you could comment on that first?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Rustom, you want to take it?

Rustom Jilla

Yes. Lauren. Actually, it's -- the comment is that the -- in Q2, heritage IFF currency-neutral growth was
low double digits. And in Q2, N&B's current leg heritage N&B's currency-neutral growth was mid-single
digits, right? I mean I think that's -- so -- so I mean I thought perhaps it was it, Andreas?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Yes. No, actually, look, what we see is we are -- we'll recover in the second half in Pharma, because we
are recovering some of it through all the cold snap we had in the Midwest. So that will come back, but
probably not to the degree we have the demand.

And on the Health & Bioscience piece, it's certainly driven by our manufacturing capacity, which is limited
but also with higher comps we will see for the last 2 quarters. So we will see how it goes. We are very
careful here on this side. But it will be more positive than what we have seen in the first quarter. Certainly,
we saw already an acceleration in the second quarter, and it will go in the right direction.

So we are observing it quite carefully. What I can tell you also in the third quarter, the legacy N&B
businesses had a pretty strong start. And then certainly, part of it is in the Nourish business as well and
reflected in the Nourish numbers, in particular, the Ingredients business, we should not underestimate
that.

Well, by the way, having you on, I hope you have seen the really strong performance of Fine Fragrances,
which are really going in the right direction, helping with the mix on the Scent side quite significantly?

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes, absolutely. And I also know that IFF has had a number of the big new launches in the industry or IFF
perfumer work. So I've definitely seen that. I had one more question, though, on the capacity additions
and that you're still going a little bit about so far.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

I was curious to the degree as you've now gotten further in with the N&B business, if it feels like perhaps
that's been a bit underinvested in -- whether it was in the 12 to 15 months prior to deal close or even
before that because the need to be investing in CapEx, the call out of higher-than-expected logistics
separate from rate, right, but just again, because of these capacity air freight and so on suggests that
there's something there.

So just curious about that. Is it -- are you yet to a point where this could be a multiyear period of
investment in capacity, not just 1 year, you've got the cash flow, but just curious about that.

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

No, it's a good point, Lauren. And I would say there are 2 things which come together. One is the very
robust demand and a lot of wins we had in particular on the enzyme piece, and that came a bit of a
surprise to the unit. So that's where we need some investment here to deliver on it. I would not say it
was underinvested, but it was probably also through the pandemic, not on the real time horizon. We could
have had some of the expansion already probably 6 months earlier than we would be in a better position.
But it is as it is.

And we have now adapted our CapEx plan going forward that we can deal with these, let's say, shortages
quite nicely over the next, I would say, 15 months. The positive for me is that demand is very robust. And
the other positive is that we see some superiority of our products in that market, which is really good.
And there's something which we haven't talked too much because it might be more midterm, but the R&D
pipeline, in particular, what comes from N&B is super strong, and it helps us with our wins going forward.

I don't know, Rustom, do you have anything to add?

Rustom Jilla

I guess, Andreas, I mean just think -- Lauren, it is a little bit of multiyear. I mean we're probably going to
spend about another $450 million in total, but it's actually good. We can use more. We've got good strong
business. I mean, it's -- I view this as a positive, and we have the cash flow, and so we're going to use it.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.

Ghansham Panjabi
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Andreas, just kind of thinking about your portfolio at this point. Obviously, mobility is starting to
directionally improve globally, and you're seeing the impact on Food Service and Fine Fragrances and
some other businesses. On the same token, you're seeing CPG companies talk about moderation at
volumes, whether it's food or just consumer products more broadly.

So how do you see those dynamics sort of netting out for IFF as we progress over the next couple of
quarters? Do you see categories that are starting to moderate? And if so, would that affect the sales
growth that you're anticipating at this point?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Yes, absolutely. Very, very good question. On -- I would say if I go to the different categories, we see
still strong demand for Fine Fragrances. And this is not just driven by the robust demand right now, but
also by our win rate. We are winning more than our fair share, and that's very, very helpful. Consumer
Fragrance, here, I would say, in general, for the market, you see a moderation, and that's what you hear
in the market from the big CPGs as well. But again, we are in the good position or lucky position that we
are on all the core lists we wanted to be.

And then we talked over the last couple of quarters about the street callers we made 1.5 years ago, and
they are really contributing. So that's helpful for us. But in general, we see some moderations.
Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Another one is Active Cosmetics. We see a big, big and strong growth going forward. On Health &
Bioscience, I would say, very strong in Home & Personal Care, but more driven by our wins and our
technology than by the whole market. So that's what I would say. And then Grain Processing and Microbial
Control are coming back out of, let's say, modest performance in last year. And animal nutrition is pretty
good as well.

On the Nourish side, I would say we haven't seen any slowing down of demand. And that might be also
driven because we are now in a unique position that we can offer, from the ingredient, to the flavor, to the
total solution that we are in a different position than many of our competitors, and that helps us actually
to position us in the right way.

So answering your question is we see some markets, we see the market's moderation, but not too much
for us because of the position where we're in right now. So that will be my overall comment.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Mark Connelly with Stephens Inc.

Mark Connelly

Andreas, when you think about COVID reopening, what are the big opportunities if we continue to move
along? And what are the risks if we all start to mask up and away from home dining gets hit? I'm just
trying to get a sense of where you are ex health and wellness? Because as you just point out, you're in a
very different position than you were when we went into COVID?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Yes, yes. I would say, if we're starting to close down again, if the delta variant is really proving dangerous
for us. I would say the Food Service is the only business I could think of right now, which could be
impacted, maybe Fine Fragrance, but what we have seen is much more online usage, but these are the 2
categories where I see an impact or a negative impact.

On the other hand, if the close down comes, I would say that Consumer Fragrances, in particular, in terms
of the health and the hygiene products, are going up. And as you said, on the health side as well because
people are trying to fortify their food, trying to be healthy, getting more probiotics in. And so I would say
we have at least as many opportunities as we have risk to another closed down. So that's how I would
describe it for now.

Operator

And we'll take our next question [indiscernible] with Citi. Please go ahead.

Unknown Analyst

You had good growth in Scent, particularly the 85% growth in Fine Fragrance. Are you back to pre-
pandemic levels in Fine Fragrance? And was there any inventory building in the Fine Fragrance channel
that we should think about?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Yes. Look, we are even outperforming our 2019 number. And this quarter will show whether there's an
inventory building or not because now they're starting to order for the Christmas business. And so far, it's
actually -- it's a strong start into the third quarter.

So I would say not so much inventory building, and then there's an extra effect on our side for Fine
Fragrances that we are winning really a lot of business. and a lot of good fragrances as well, which are
very nicely marketed. So that's how I would describe it.

I don't know, Rustom, anything to add from your side?

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Rustom Jilla

No. thank you. That covered it.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.

Matthew Porter DeYoe
BofA Securities, Research Division

So questions for you on the margin and margin outlook. I guess, first, what happened to pharma cost?
Can you dig in a little bit more on that. It seems like you're blaming [indiscernible] , but that was mid-
February. And so how do you improve from there going forward? At what rate do we climb out of this hole?
And then if I look at the 100 basis points of margin hit you mentioned, Rustom. Can you break that down
a little bit between what would be raw material energy inflation type stuff that the whole industry would
be experiencing? And maybe what percent of that 100 basis points is unique to IFF given air freighting
capacity issues, outages, et cetera?

Rustom Jilla

So let me do the first one. I mean, yes, it came from the February outages, but there's still been problems
with the suppliers and the force majeure type situations, right, with methochloride. And it shut down
2 of our plants temporarily during the period, which meant that it's a pity because we could have sold
every single thing we produced, obviously, -- And then we also had underutilization. So that's what came
through there. If I was to roughly look at the break in general, at the percentages in general between raw
material and freight about, call it, 85% or so of the total comes from raw material increases and about
15% from freight.

And that's -- but interestingly, freight is a much smaller portion, right? If you break up that 5.5% that we
talked about, the material cost impact is probably about 5% inflation we're seeing. I'm rounding all these
numbers. And the freight rate increase is probably about 8%. And may even be slightly higher with the
way that's going. I mean containers are 3 to 4x, sea freight, as high as they've been.

And also, there's one more complication even when we have contracted rates we and many others
experienced, there's lots of delays going on and stuff. So we sometimes book -- we can't get the stuff on
the contracted rate still much later and have to pay spot rates. And we also forced sometimes to look at
different modes of transport from a reliability perspective. So lot's going on there.

Operator

And there appears to be one last question. We'll take our final question from Lisa De Neve with Morgan
Stanley.

Lisa Hortense Maria De Neve
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Two questions from me, and then follow-up. So back to the Scents and Care business, I mean, you live
a very strong margin. Can you share to which extent this was related to favorable product mix towards
Fine Fragrance and Active? And how we expect this to trend in the second half given raw materials were
kicking in a little bit more meaningfully. But at the same time, you did mention you were still going to see
relatively good demand for Fine Fragrance? That's my first question.

The second one, early in the presentation, you mentioned that in the second half you may see a fairly
similar contribution from pricing, about 2.5% and 2.5% from volumes. And I'm just trying to understand
why you're being so cautious on the volume side? Or maybe I just misunderstood this.

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Rustom, can you take it?

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Rustom Jilla

Sure. I mean on that -- Lisa, on the volume side, I mean, it's -- look, I mean, our focus in the second half
is on ensuring that we get pricing, right, to recover raw material cost. We're trying to recover close to
100%, and that is really important to being able to the EBITDA and the numbers there. And we did have
strong -- very strong growth in Q2, predominantly volume-driven.

And so what we've -- our guidance, Lisa, in the second half is sort of we're trying to guide to manage
performance, risk and the need for pricing again. So that's really what you're seeing over there.

And on the first part of your question, I mean, yes, for the Scent business, the margin expansion was
really driven by the mix for sure. I mean, for sure. I mean when you have Fine Fragrances going up 85%,
that's tremendous, right? So it was mixed, but there's also volume growth, in general. I mean you've seen
Cosmetic Active was super as well.

And then productivity and that offset inflationary pressures and costs which you're seeing there as well.
And in the second half, we'll see more costs coming the way of the Scent business, not on the scale of
nourishing what we've seen. Anything to add there, Andreas?

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

No, I think you captured it very, very well. I just want to make a general remark on mix. Obviously, we
try for all businesses now to push basically all the parts of the portfolio, which have the higher profitability
and the higher growth areas, which over time should really help us with mix. And I think what you see
with Scent, it's something which is a very positive driver for our profitability going forward.

Operator

There are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Andreas for any closing remarks.

Andreas Fibig
Former Non-Executive Chairman

Yes. Thank you. We are incredibly proud on the second quarter because, again, as we said, first of all, we
delivered strong growth even in comparison to 2019, which is a real good parameter here. Secondly, we're
integrating well with the N&B business, and we do it in a time of a pandemic. And I think, again, I would
like to use the time to congratulate all of our teams around the globe for what they have accomplished.
And I think -- It's not an easy task, and everybody really its best. And that's where IFF stands for.

Thank you for that and talk to most of you later. Thank you, guys. Bye-bye.

Rustom Jilla

Bye-bye.

Operator
Thank you. And this concludes today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at
any time.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Copyright © 2022 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

