Intuit Inc. NasdaqGS:INTU
FQ4 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 24, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2021-

-FQ1 2022-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.59

1.97

23.90

1.14

9.35

9.74

4.17

10.77

2316.02

2561.00

10.58

1763.61

9391.47

9633.00

2.57

10915.75

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-24-2021 9:21 PM GMT

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.43

0.67

6.16

1.59

0.94

0.68

6.07

1.97

SURPRISE

118.60 %

1.49 %

(1.46 %)

23.90 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kimberly Anderson Watkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

ANALYSTS

Aleksandr J. Zukin
Wolfe Research, LLC

Matthew Charles Pfau
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Michael James Turrin
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Michael Millman
Millman Research Associates

Bradley Hartwell Sills
BofA Securities, Research Division

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. My name is Latif, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to Intuit's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
With that, I will now turn the call over to Kim Watkins, Intuit's Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms.
Watkins?

Kimberly Anderson Watkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Latif. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuit's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. I'm
here with Intuit's CEO, Sasan Goodarzi; and Michelle Clatterbuck, our CFO.

Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone that our remarks will include forward-looking statements.
There are a number of factors that could cause Intuit's results to differ materially from our expectations.
You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-
K for fiscal 2020 and our other SEC filings. All of these documents are available on the Investor Relations
page of Intuit's website at intuit.com. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

Some of the numbers in these remarks are presented on a non-GAAP basis. We've reconciled the
comparable GAAP and non-GAAP numbers in today's press release. Unless otherwise noted, all growth
rates refer to the current period versus the comparable prior year period, and the business metrics
and associated growth rates refer to worldwide business metrics. A copy of our prepared remarks and
supplemental financial information will be available on our website after this call ends.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Sasan.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Kim, and thanks to all of you for joining us today.

We had a very strong fourth quarter, capping off an outstanding year. Full year revenue grew 25%,
including the addition of Credit Karma. Total revenue growth was fueled by 16% growth for the Small
Business and Self-Employed Group and 14% growth for the Consumer Group, while Credit Karma had a
very strong year, delivering another record quarter in Q4.

Combined platform revenue, which includes QuickBooks Online, TurboTax Online and Credit Karma grew
39% to $6.6 billion in fiscal year 2021. This includes 18 points from the addition of Credit Karma. I'm
proud of what the team has accomplished this year, and our game plan to win remains durable.

Let me now turn over to tax. This year marks our fourth consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth.
We've built a durable strategy, and we've made outstanding progress this year, with customer growth of
6% and our share of total returns up approximately 1 point. We extended our lead in the do-it-yourself
category by focusing on under-penetrated segments, including investor customers, where we tripled the
growth rate from last year.

We continued to transform the $20 billion assisted segment with TurboTax Live, accelerating total
customer growth by nearly 100%. We have highly predictable model and a platform with significant
runway for growth as we accelerate innovation.

Recently, we announced plans not to renew our participation in the IRS Free File program. We expect
no impact to revenue from this decision. I want to make sure that you understand how this decision
fits within our overall strategy. Free offerings are a critical part of our strategy to serve and grow with
customers over time, offering benefits to power their prosperity. Intuit has delivered nearly 100 million
free tax filings over the past 8 years and with nearly 90% of those free tax filings coming outside of the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

IRS Free File program. Looking ahead, with no IRS Free File program constraints, customers can enjoy all
of the innovation we have to offer on our TurboTax, Credit Karma and Mint's platform.

Our AI-driven expert platform strategy and 5 Big Bets are driving strong momentum and accelerating
innovation across the company. These Big Bets are focused on the largest problems our customers face
and represent durable growth opportunities for Intuit. As a reminder, these Big Bets are: revolutionize
speed to benefit, connect people to experts, unlock SMART Money decisions, be the center of small
business growth and disrupt the small business mid-market. Today, I'll highlight the notable progress
we've made this quarter on 3 of these Big Bets, and we'll provide a detailed update on all 5 Big Bets at
Investor Day next month.

Our second Big Bet is to connect people to experts. We're solving one of the largest problems our
customers face, lack of confidence, by connecting people to experts virtually with TurboTax Live and
QuickBooks Live. With TurboTax Live, we're transforming the $20 billion assisted category by providing
86 million filers who have previously relied on in-person assistance, the opportunity to access tax experts
to help them do their taxes or complete their return digitally. This expertise provides confidence for
consumers and creates a halo effect for our entire TurboTax experience.

The TurboTax Live funnel was strong this season. Customer awareness grew over 20% and TurboTax
Live customers new to Intuit grew more than 100%. Our Full Service do-it-for-me offering attracted new
customers from the assisted segment at a rate nearly 25% higher than our TurboTax Live do-it-with-me
offering.

Our third Big Bet is to unlock SMART Money decisions. With Credit Karma's data platform and powerful
network effects, we're making progress towards our goal of creating a personal financial assistant that
helps consumers find the right financial products, put more money in their pockets and access financial
expertise and advice. To deliver on this goal, our strategic focus is to grow the core, including credit cards
and personal loans; expand growth verticals, including home loans, auto loans and insurance; and develop
emerging verticals focused on digital money offerings, such as savings and checking accounts. Credit
Karma also provides an additional monetization engine, increasing our combined wallet share with both
free and paying customers.

Credit Karma achieved another record high revenue quarter in Q4, with the number of members reaching
a new all-time high, fueled partly by the TurboTax integration, and monthly active users and frequency of
member visits remain strong.

Within the core, credit card and personal revenue achieved another record high on a combined basis,
reflecting an increase in transactions per member. The growth verticals also achieved an all-time revenue
high again this quarter, reflecting strong momentum in auto insurance, followed by home loans and auto
loans. And we're developing the emerging verticals by -- emerging verticals by focusing on innovation with
Credit Karma Money, part of our digital money offering.

Just this past month -- or just this month, we announced the integration of QuickBooks Online payroll to
deliver a better checking experience or a portion of our Small Business employees that help them manage
all aspects of their finances all in one place. These results are evidence that successful innovation drives
Credit Karma members to the platform, creating more opportunities to connect them with products that
are right for them, resulting in more monetization opportunities for Intuit.

The all-time highs we achieved are driven by focused innovation in both bolstering our proprietary AI-
powered Lightbox technology and investing in growth verticals such as home and auto, as well as pent-
up demand from our partners. Lightbox enables Credit Karma to present offers to members that have a
higher likelihood of approval. Partners' usage of Lightbox in Q4 is now at an all-time high, with over 50%
of credit card and over 40% of personal loan transactions flowing through versus less than 40% and 20%
a year ago.

This is the power of a network effect solving a 2-sided problem. We expect pent-up demand across the
core verticals to taper this coming year after a very strong year of investments by our partners, returning

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

to pre-COVID investment levels. I'm very pleased with our progress and excited about the upcoming
innovations.

I'll end by circling back to our first Big Bet, which is our foundational bet to revolutionize speed to benefit
for our customers. Our goal is to put more money in our customers' pockets, eliminate friction and deliver
confidence at every touch point by using AI and customer insights.

This year, we accelerated our use of AI, increasing the number of models deployed across our platform
by nearly 50%, saving our customers millions of hours of work. Our application of AI has dramatically
increased the number of experiments we ran by more than 35% this year, made it easier for our TurboTax
customers to never enter data, saving them millions of hours of manual entry, and modernize our payroll
offering, tripling release velocity. We are very pleased with our results and remain confident in our game
plan to win, accelerated by digital tailwinds.

Across all of our Big Bets, we're building momentum and accelerating innovation, which we believe
positions us well for durable growth in the future. We will continue to invest aggressively, including in key
talent, to drive even faster innovation going forward.

Now let me hand it over to Michelle.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Sasan. Good afternoon, everyone.

For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we delivered revenue of $2.6 billion, GAAP operating income of $402
million versus $483 million last year. Non-GAAP operating income of $715 million versus $616 million last
year. GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.37 versus $1.68 a year ago. And non-GAAP diluted earnings
per share of $1.97 versus $1.81 last year.

Turning to the business segments. In the Small Business and Self-Employed Group, revenue grew 19%
during the quarter and 16% in fiscal 2021. Online Ecosystem revenue grew 30% in the fourth quarter
and 26% for the year. With the aim of being the source of truth for Small Businesses, our strategic focus
within Small Business and Self-Employed is threefold: grow the core, connect the ecosystem and expand
globally.

First, we continue to focus on growing the core. QuickBooks Online Accounting revenue grew 28% in fiscal
Q4, driven mainly by customer growth, mix shift and higher effective prices.

Second, we continue to focus on connecting the ecosystem. Online services revenue, which includes
payments, payroll, time tracking and capital, grew 35% in fiscal Q4. Within payments, revenue growth
reflects ongoing customer growth, along with an increase in-charge volume per customer. Within payroll,
we continued to see revenue tailwinds during the quarter from growth in payroll customers and a mix shift
to our Full-Service offering.

During the quarter, we continued migrating customers to our new Full-Service lineup, which added
approximately 5 points to online services growth. We're also seeing the number of employees per
customer back to pre-pandemic levels.

Third, our progress expanding globally added to the growth of Online Ecosystem revenue during fiscal Q4.
Total international online revenue grew 47% on a constant currency basis. We believe the best measure
of the health and success of our strategy is Online Ecosystem revenue growth, which we expect to grow
better than 30% over time. This is driven by 10% to 20% expected growth in both customers and ARPC.

Desktop ecosystem revenue grew 5% in the fourth quarter and 4% for the; full year. QuickBooks Desktop
Enterprise revenue grew mid-single digits in fiscal 2021.

Consumer Group revenue grew 14% in fiscal 2021, above the high end of our longer-term expectation of
8% to 12%. Fiscal 2021 was the fourth consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth for the Consumer
Group. TurboTax units grew 6% this season.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

There are 4 primary drivers in our Consumer business. Note that these metrics exclude approximately 8
million stimulus filings last season. This data reflects the season through July 31, 2021 versus the prior
season through July 31, 2020.

The first is the total number of returns filed with the IRS, which we estimate will be up approximately 3%
this season, higher than our prior estimate of up approximately 1%. The second is the percentage of those
returns filed using do-it-yourself software. We estimate the DIY category share of total IRS returns was
down slightly this season versus our prior estimate of approximately flat.

The third driver is our share. Our share of total tax returns expanded approximately 1 point to 31% this
season, and our share of the DIY category grew approximately 1 point. Our total share, excluding Free File
customers this season, was approximately 29%.

The fourth is average revenue per return, which increased again this season. This growth reflects a
stronger contribution by TurboTax Live and mix shift to our premier offering, which is used by investors.
We estimate our retention rate rose slightly year-over-year, excluding filers seeking stimulus payments
last season that didn't return again this season, and we're pleased with these results. Including these
filers, we estimate total retention was down approximately 2 points.

Turning to the ProConnect Group. We reported $517 million of revenue in fiscal 2021, up 5%.

Moving on to Credit Karma. Revenue was $405 million in Q4, another all-time high, reflecting record highs
for both the core and growth verticals. Sequential growth predominantly reflects strength in credit cards
and personal loans as transactions per member increased. As Sasan shared earlier, we expect pent-up
demand across the core verticals to taper sometime in fiscal 2022 after a strong year of investment by our
partners. We remain excited about the opportunities ahead for this platform.

Turning to our financial principles. We remain committed to growing organic revenue double digits and
growing operating income dollars faster than revenue. As I've shared before, as we lean into our platform
strategy, we see the opportunity for margin expansion over time. We take a disciplined approach to capital
management, investing the cash we generate in opportunities that yield an expected return on investment
greater than 15%. We continue to reallocate resources to top priorities, with an emphasis on becoming an
AI-driven expert platform. These principles remain our long-term commitment.

Our first priority for the cash we generate is investing in the business to drive customer and revenue
growth. We consider acquisitions to accelerate our growth and fill out our product road map. We return
excess cash that we can't invest profitably in the business to shareholders via both share repurchases and
dividends.

We finished the quarter with approximately $3.9 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet. We
repurchased $467 million of stock during the fourth quarter and $1 billion during fiscal 2021. The Board
approved a new $2 billion repurchase authorization, giving us a total authorization of approximately $3.3
billion to repurchase shares. Depending on market conditions and other factors, our aim is to be in the
market each quarter.

The Board approved a quarterly dividend of $0.68 per share payable October 18, 2021. This represents a
15% increase versus last year.

Moving on to guidance. Our full year fiscal 2022 guidance includes revenue of $11.05 billion to $11.2
billion, growth of 15% to 16% including a full year of Credit Karma; GAAP earnings per share of $7.46 to
$7.66; and non-GAAP earnings per share of $11.05 to $11.25. We expect a GAAP tax rate of 20% in fiscal
2022. Note that our revenue guidance for Credit Karma of $1.345 billion to $1.38 billion translates into
18% to 21% growth if we had a full year of Credit Karma revenue during fiscal 2021.

I'd like to provide some additional context around our operating margin expectations. As I've shared
before, we continue to see opportunities to leverage the platform and drive margin expansion over time.
However, our guidance implies GAAP operating margin decline just over 2 points in fiscal 2022 versus
fiscal 2021. This reflects the impact of the Credit Karma acquisition along with investments we're making
in stock compensation to attract and retain talent. We are confident these are the right decisions to drive

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

long-term growth. On a non-GAAP basis, our guidance implies operating margin in fiscal 2022 expands
approximately 60 basis points.

As I shared last quarter, fiscal 2021 was a very unique year, as we took a conservative approach to
investments during the first half of the year when we were deep in the pandemic, and then the business
started to bounce back more quickly than we anticipated in the second half. Our fiscal 2022 non-GAAP
operating margin implies, on average, a point of expansion each year since fiscal 2019, even though our
initial guidance after closing the Credit Karma acquisition included a negative 2-point non-GAAP operating
margin impact. We continue to see margin expansion opportunities ahead.

Our Q1 fiscal 2022 guidance includes revenue growth of 36% to 38%, GAAP earnings per share of $0.14
to $0.19, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.94 to $0.99. You can find our full Q1 and fiscal 2022
guidance details in our press release and on our fact sheet.

And with that, I'll turn it back over to Sasan.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Super. Thank you, Michelle.

I'm proud of the team and always accomplished together, and I'm optimistic about the future. We have
a large addressable market with digital tailwinds that include a shift to virtual solutions, acceleration to
online and omnichannel capabilities, and digital money offerings. With our strategy of becoming an AI-
driven expert platform and 5 Big Bets, we are positioned well for accelerated innovation and growth.
Let's now open it up to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on a great fiscal year. Sasan, in the press release, you guys called out sort of online payments
and payroll as 2 really important growth factors for Small Business. I was wondering if you could just
unpack those a little bit more. What are you seeing there? And how sustainable do you think those trends
are around those 2 parts of the offering?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you, Kirk. I'll just take us back to several years ago when we talked about the importance
of having a platform that really allows our customers to not only grow their business, but to be able to
manage their money and ensure that they're compliant. And we've been heavily investing in payments,
making it very easy for our customers to discover, making sure that we provide them with choice,
accelerating our innovation in areas like instant deposit, getting paid upfront, those sorts of things.

And with that, along with our investments in payroll, similar areas where we're really focused on making
the experience far better, innovating in things like same-day payroll or next-day payroll, the shift to full
service, where we have experts to help run your payroll and help you with your taxes, those are just, of
course, 2 very big and important illustrative examples where those innovations are really continuing to
accelerate and beginning to pay off, especially in a time where we have digital tailwinds, where you have
customers that are looking to move online, do more of their stuff online if they're already online. And that
is starting to pan out when you look at our overall services revenue, whether it's payroll, payments, time
tracking, all of those areas are contributing.

And I think to your question, yes, this is sustainable. We are continuing to become the platform that
customers look to be able to run their business. Our innovations are starting to pay off, and we're not
standing still. Our innovations are, in fact, accelerating, and we would continue to expect that we'll be
there for our customers and grow with them.

And I think last thing I would say, especially with our move into the mid-market where we're starting to
serve larger customers, those are larger transactions. And as we continue to penetrate non-consumption
in the mid-market, we would continue to see that pay off.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's great. Maybe just one follow-up for Michelle on just the Credit Karma guide. I realize you guys
called out the fact that there's a bit of pent-up demand in the back half of this year, your fiscal year.
How should we think about that in terms of just the cadence of the growth over the course of the year?
Obviously, it's a little bit lumpy given the -- we don't have full sort of year-over-year comps yet. But I was
just kind of curious how we should maybe think about either first half year versus second half? Or any
color around that would be helpful.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Kirk, thanks for your question. Yes. We're pretty excited about Credit Karma as we continue to look
forward. Q4 was just they're all-time high for revenue. And so we felt really good about that as we see
strength in both credit cards and personal loans and transactions per member increasing. Yes, you're
right. As you heard, Sasan said we did see some of the pent-up demand. We expect that will taper in fiscal

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

2022. We had a pretty strong year of investment by our partners. So we do expect that to return to more
pre-COVID investment levels.

As to how you might think about that across the year, there's not a whole lot of seasonality within CK.
So -- but we -- obviously, we haven't guided the individual quarters yet except for Q1. But we are pretty
excited about what we see, and we think there's still a lot of opportunity for Credit Karma next year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. I echo the sentiments on the strong year. First, maybe just touching on payroll. I think, Michelle,
you mentioned 5 points of growth contribution on the Online Services side. Should we think of this as a
tough comp? Or would you say that we're still very early in driving adoption of full-service and we could
potentially see this be additive longer term?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

I'm sorry, I wasn't sure if that was for me or for [indiscernible].

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I think either you or Sasan are more than qualified to answer that question.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

You know what? I'd be happy to chime in, and Michelle, please don't hesitate to jump in as well. First of
all, I would just take you back to our longer-term expectations is to deliver 30% online revenue growth.
And there's always going to be puts and takes relative to payments and payroll and accounting revenue.
So please let your sort of Uber compass be 30% online revenue growth.

With that said, as I mentioned earlier, as I was answering Kirk's question, we are seeing the impact of our
innovations pay off. And more and more of our customers are migrating to Full-Service payroll. More of
our customers are actually wanting to get started on Full-Service payroll because of the capabilities that it
has and it comes with expertise to help them solve the very problem that, frankly, is the biggest problem
that is unsaid, and that is about confidence.

So we have runway ahead of us, Ken, when it comes to payroll, and I would just say your compass should
be 30% online revenue growth.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Fantastic. And then just a quick follow-up on the tax side. At a high level, any attempts to possibly
share what some of the components of that 10% to 11% consumer growth is going to be coming from
next year?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Ken. And we'll, of course, unpack this to a more detailed level at our upcoming Investor Day. I would
just tell you that I am delighted with our continued strategic progress. And that will really feed into our
future growth, which I think is the element of your question. When you think about our performance, I
know I'm repeating some of the stats, but I think they're worth repeating. One, we increased our total
share of IRS returns by 1 point.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

The 2 areas that really matter most that we're focused on, under-penetrated segments and transforming
the assisted segments, we saw really superb results. Our overall investor volume tripled year-over-year.
TurboTax Live awareness increased 20%. Our total customers grew 100%. Our new customers to the
franchise, the TurboTax Live, grew over 100%. And with our Full-Service offering, it actually attracted new
customers from the prior year assisted segment at a 25% higher rate than TurboTax Live do-it-with-me.
And our retention rate stayed flat to a little bit up overall.

So when you look at all the key sort of metrics, knock on wood, it's very, very healthy, and we expect
that to inform next year's growth. And we do assume, by the way, that IRS returns is going to be about
flattish next year. So that's probably one important assumption that's worthwhile sharing. But this is
just a continuation, as you probably heard me say multiple times. We're on a 10-year-plus run in these
opportunity areas that we're focused on. And next year is just going to be another sort of important
pivotal year in our quest to transform assisted and penetrated the under-penetrated segment.

Operator

Our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Excellent. And echo on the congratulations. Really strong end to what was a pretty remarkable fiscal year
for all the team at Intuit.

I wanted to dig into the FY '22 guide a little bit, particularly around Small Business. Michelle, you've been
talking about sort of a return to 30%-plus growth in the online ecosystem side of the equation. But if
I'm doing my math right, and that's probably a big part of the equation here, if I could actually do math.
But if I'm doing my math right, and we're growing Online 30% plus, that would imply, with your guide,
that desktop is actually now shrinking and down 10% in FY '22 or 10% plus. Is something changing in
desktop? Or am I just doing my math wrong? Or sort of how should we think about that balance between
sort of what had been a very durable sort of revenue stream in desktop and a ramping Online business?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks for your question. Well, first of all, I'd say we've been really excited about how Small Business
has performed this year. And obviously, you can see with next year, with our guide of 12% to 14%, we
feel that it will be strong next year also. So we feel that you really need to continue to look at Online
Ecosystem revenue growth, and we do expect that to be 30% or better over time. We haven't guided to it.
We don't do it quarterly, but we do expect it to be there over the longer term, being driven by the 10% to
20% growth in both customers there, if you see.

Now when I go to the other side, which you were asking about around desktop, desktop we have over
time, the last 2 years, we've seen some growth in it. And obviously, this past year, in 2021, we saw 4%
growth. But we do anticipate that, that will just continue to decline over time. We've got more and more
customers as they come in, they choose the Online versions. And so you've got 8, 9 out of 10 customers
that come in and choose QBO. So that's where I would help you with your math on that.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. And just to be clear, is there any kind of structural change in terms of trying to more aggressively
shift people from the desktop version to the online version? Or is this just sort of normal course business
and this is the trend line that you've been seeing over time?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

We have -- we've chosen not to force people to move to online. We do think that there is a much better
value proposition, and they just have a much better experience if they're using our Online products, but

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

we want them to use whatever works for them. But we have seen more and more people, as they choose
desktop, they're choosing the plus product, where they have the subscription. And so that is part of what
we've been seeing.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Zukin of Wolfe Research.

Aleksandr J. Zukin
Wolfe Research, LLC

I echo again all the congratulations that are in order. I want to start with just digging a little bit on Credit
Karma. Since the growth is so much better than I think we've been modeling and anybody's really been
thinking, I want to maybe unpack both in the quarter and also in the guidance, what -- are you starting
to see synergies that you're realizing, whether it's monetizing your -- the Intuit free user base with Credit
Karma, or whether it's cross-selling to the Karma base? And then I have a quick follow-up on margins.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Alex. Thank you for your kind comments. On Credit Karma, let me just -- I'll briefly start at the
top in terms of what we are seeing. First of all, the accelerated innovation that we are seeing with Credit
Karma is really paying off. And that accelerated innovation is how we're using our combined data to be
able to deliver personalized experiences, leveraging Lightbox for customers. It's then ensuring that we're
providing relevant offers to customers in the areas that they need it most. And now, we can provide
multiple relevant offers, whether it's cards, personal loans, auto insurance, home loans and beyond.

But I think then more importantly then when they -- the offers in front of them, we have the ability to
actually help them with the the potential of their approval, make it very easy when they click to actually
get the offer. And so those are all critical areas of innovation that are really paying off. And I think it's a
testament to the platform that when our partners decided to really go after customer acquisition, that
they invested a good chunk of their dollars on the platform. And it just demonstrates the network effect
and the power of the data and the trust of the members that we have. So that's the first element that we
just believe will continue given our accelerated innovation because our -- ultimately, our penetration rate
maybe one of the highest in credit cards, but it's one of the lowest when you look at auto insurance. We
have so much room for increased wallet share.

In terms of synergies, Alex, we're actually quite bullish about the possibilities into the future, and I would
want you to think about those synergies into the future. And there are really several areas of synergy. One
is really making Credit Karma benefits part of the entire TurboTax experience. That's one big opportunity.
The other big opportunity is making it seamless and contextual in terms of TurboTax as part of the Credit
Karma experience to be able to do your taxes. And then third, what we just announced, which is Credit
Karma being part of the payroll experience where our payroll customers can actually deposit their monies
into a free checking and savings account and be able to access their money early over time if they wish.

So those are significant opportunities because the -- you're talking about millions and millions of TurboTax
customers, payroll customers and, of course, over our -- well over 100 million Credit Karma customers
that we're going to launch TurboTax to. This past year, and as I'll remind us, it feels like a long time,
but we just closed Credit Karma in December. These past 8 months, we have been experimenting with
incredible purpose, incredible speed and incredible intention. And it's informed what we are rolling out
and what we're doing in the year to come. I would just say, in terms of those things turning into sort of
material customer revenue growth. There -- we're not counting on that in the near term, we're counting
on that more on the midterm because we want to really continue to nail the experience in creating
ecosystem benefit across all of our members. So that's the way I would want you to think about not only
what you're seeing in Credit Karma, but the growth rates that are ahead of us.

Aleksandr J. Zukin
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

That's super clear. And I appreciate the level of detail in that answer, Sasan. Michelle, maybe for you.
I know myself, I was dealing with a lot of questions around margin leverage potential on the guide and
versus the level of investment that you guys clearly see as an opportunity in the business. But I think
you delivered, I think, it was your best incremental operating margin leverage guide in the last few years,
at least. So I want to unpack both what you're trying to tell us with the ability to deliver both growth
and margin leverage at this scale, and unpack it, if you can, from a gross margin versus OpEx savings
perspective, right? I know -- I remember a few years ago, there was fear with lives, particularly coming
into the model, it would be gross margin dilutive. And yet the gross margins have actually improved this
year. So I want to understand a little bit about when you think about that incremental margin leverage,
where is it coming from? And how should we think about the durability of that opportunity?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Great question, Alex. Thank you. First of all, thank you for acknowledging the margin delivery we
had this year. As you mentioned gross margin, and we have continued to say that we expect gross margin
to remain fairly flat over time. You're right, we did have a lot of questions as we got into the TurboTax
Live business as to whether that was going to deteriorate margins. But it has remained flattish over time.
And that was the last expectation we gave -- that I gave last year at Investor Day. And our big focus is
obviously then on op margin. And we see the opportunity there and continue to see opportunities to drive
margin leverage really as we become more and more of a platform company.

FY '21 was a little unique in that with the pandemic and full swing at the beginning. We weren't exactly
sure how -- exactly how things were going to play out, and we were a little bit more conservative with
investments. And then the business ended up bouncing back much more quickly than we thought. So as I
mentioned earlier, when you look over all the way back from 2019, we've got about, on average, 1 point of
margin expansion. And so we feel really good about that, and especially with our guide looking forward of
60 basis points.

So when I think about where we'll see the expansion, though, it is really all across the business is helping
us drive it. Getting leverage, whether it's in technology and looking at how we can get rid of duplicate
technology and use services more, whether it's in customer success and really leaning into a platform
there to deliver for all our customers or opportunities we have in our go-to-market and enabling additional
technology there. So we do think that we continue to have opportunities to drive that leverage.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brent Thill of Jefferies.

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Sasan, if you could expand on the small business side and what you're seeing on the international
approach and the traction beyond the U.S. and how critical that is to this next year for you. And maybe
just a quick follow-up for Michelle on QuickBooks Live, if you can give us an update in terms of traction
and any trend lines you're seeing there.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Great. Brent, just a follow-up question. The last question that you asked about trend lines, were those just
general trend lines that we're seeing in Small Business? I want to make sure we captured your question
correctly.

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

More specifically to QuickBooks Online -- in QuickBooks Live, my apologies. QuickBooks Live.

Sasan K. Goodarzi

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

CEO, President & Director

Got it. Okay. Great. So let me start with your question around international. First of all, as I mentioned
in the last earnings call, and I think the same trend continues, one thing that's unchanged is small
businesses across the globe are still recovering. Some have recovered to -- back to pre-COVID levels.
Some have actually accelerated their business because they changed the model. But at least what we
see in our sort of data, 20%-ish of small businesses are still struggling. And struggling is defined by they
have -- their net deposits are down over 25%. So I think it's important just as a general perspective to
recognize that the small businesses are, in general, still in recovery mode.

With that said, our platform has become more critical than ever. And the digital nature of our platform
to be able to run your business, grow your business, manage your cash flow and be compliant is more
important than ever, which is why based on our innovation overall, we're seeing this acceleration.

And then if I put that in context of geography, I would say U.S. has really bounced back in terms of the
usage of our platform. And in fact, an acceleration probably above all has happened in the U.S. I would
say Canada is sort of next in terms of the recovery. And I would just put countries like the U.K., France,
Australia as really being much, much slower in the recovery.

And really, the reason is, as you've seen, there's a lot of open, shutdown, open, shutdown, and that's
really impacted just the sentiment of both accountants and small businesses. But even in that context, it's
actually quite exciting that we delivered 47% revenue growth in constant currency last quarter and 43%
for the whole year. But with that said, we're assuming a much slower recovery international than we are
in the U.S. because I think it's just really important that we get out of this health crisis. And then once we
do, we believe the small businesses will bounce back much, much faster outside the U.S.

International is still important for our future. But what I just shared is just how we've taken that into
account strategically and both economically in our guidance as we look ahead.

And maybe with that, I'll turn it over to Michelle to answer your QuickBooks Live question.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Brent, I would say we're continuing to make some progress with QuickBooks Live. It actually goes
back to what I mentioned earlier on the opportunities for platform leverage because it's actually built
on the same platform as TurboTax Live, and that's what enabled us to bring it to market so much more
quickly. Right now, we're still focused on achieving product market fit. Seeing some early signs here as a
way to bring in customers who are new to Intuit, so help us with customer acquisition. And we do think
that there's a great opportunity for us to use the Live product to help penetrate non-consumption, which,
as you know, is a huge opportunity.

The pandemic over this last year has really been an opportunity as we've seen the acceleration to a virtual
world. And so obviously, customers are much more anxious to -- or much more open to using these types
of experiences. And so our platform really enables that. It does solve one of the biggest problems we have
with Small Business customers, which is confidence. You also see that on the TurboTax side, too. Expert
interest has continued to remain really strong. And so that's been a good thing for us to see.

A few customer pain points we're currently working on is on solving and streamlining and automating
document collection. And then enabling messaging within the offering, so customers can more easily
communicate with their bookkeeper. And then last thing I'd say is, last year, we launched the setup SKU
so that we could really help small businesses come in, get set up on QuickBooks and have that confidence
right from the get-go, and we've seen some good success with that.

Operator

Next question comes from Kash Rangan of Goldman Sachs.

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

Congratulations on an exciting finish to the fiscal year. Sasan, I wanted to get your thoughts on the Small
Business Ecosystem. As you look at the business a few years out, and it looks like clearly the company
is having increasing success with payroll and payments. But I'm curious, the outages with the small
businesses perpetually underspend on IT, but that could be changing with digital transformation.

So as you move slightly upmarket in Small Business and land bigger deals with QuickBooks Advanced,
what are the things that you're learning about that part of the market that suits into it particularly well,
given that you've got a wide range of assets, AI, Credit Karma, et cetera. So how do you bring those
assets to bear in a way that you can get a big chunk of the IT spending that is -- that could potentially be
unleashed in the higher end as you move up market in the Small Business ecosystem.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Great question, Kash, and great to hear from you. I'll take you back to the bet that we have declared,
which is we truly want to be the center of small business growth. And for us, it's really about helping
customers grow their business. It's helping our customers manage all of their money flow. And it's also
ensuring that they can take good care of their employees and be compliant.

And I think particularly, there are 2 areas to answer your question as we move up market, but it's also
relevant. One of them is very relevant to just the smaller businesses that we're continuing to focus on.
And that is, one, how do we help you grow your business? That's both relevant to the businesses that
we serve today, but also very relevant to the mid-market customers. And so to be able to manage your
marketing, your sales, your services is one element.

I think the other element, which is particularly important for mid-market customers, is just all their G&A.
And we believe that the live platform that we've created, the engines that we've created will actually help
us go beyond bookkeeping taxes and accounting to be able to focus on some of their -- kind of how they
run their business and particularly on G&A. So those are the 2 areas.

Operator

Our next question comes from Siti Panigrahi of Mizuho.

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

I also echo my congratulations for a great end to this challenging year.

Sasan, I want to ask you about follow-up into your TurboTax, mainly TurboTax Live Full-Service. This is
the first year you guys launched. So I'm wondering, like what have you learned this year? And hopefully,
next season, maybe we'll go back to normalcy like, so what's your expectation baked into your guidance in
terms of adoption of Full Service?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Siti. And thank you for your kind words. I would just start with, really, this has been a very intentional
multiyear effort to have one platform across TurboTax, where you can do your taxes yourself, you can
get assistance to your taxes or we'll do your taxes for you, and a platform where you can choose to go
back and forth within the year or in a multiyear period. We want to be the platform for your taxes. And of
course, obviously, beyond that with the capabilities that we have with Credit Karma.

Second element, I would say, is what we learned this year going to full launch is that Full Service offering
has a halo effect and build confidence for customers, which is why we were able to attract new customers
from prior assisted method at a 25% higher rate into Full Service because they know that they can
digitally provide us all of their data, and we have excellent experts to be able to take very good care of
them.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

So that's the biggest learning that we had. It was a hypothesis that we had from prior year
experimentation. And we're going to continue to scale that as we look ahead. It's just a very critical part
of our platform. And as I've said before, we believe that we're in the very, very early innings of a 10-year-
plus opportunity here. And we just see Full Service playing a very important role as we look ahead.

Operator

The next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Congratulations from me, too. Two tax questions. The first one, Sasan, if you could, I guess, use this
opportunity to describe a little bit more the decision process to exit Free File Alliance. And then, I think
Michelle mentioned, should not have a revenue impact. I'm just curious, any thoughts on margin impact
for the go forward?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. Thank you, Scott. First of all, just as a reminder, we were one of the founding members of the
Free File Alliance program with the IRS. And it has been, frankly, an incredible partnership with the IRS
and the private industry. And when we really founded this program with the IRS, there was really 2 goals,
and I'll simplify it. Really the 2 goals were we wanted, at that time, to ensure that electronic filing was
used by more than 80-plus percent of all consumers. And we wanted to make sure that free filing was
available to 8% -plus of consumers.

And when you forward the clock, mission accomplished on both. In fact, we've exceeded both metrics as
an industry on both fronts. And free has now become prevalent across the entire industry. And so we felt
that the time was right now that the mission has been accomplished to really sort of change our approach
to how we can deliver benefits for customers. Free will always be an important part of the strategy, but
there are constraints when you come in through the Free File Alliance program. And those constraints are,
for instance, we can't provide you benefits on other platforms like our free Credit Karma platform.

And so as we look ahead, not only will we be able to provide free tax offerings to our customers, but as
they grow and we grow with them, they can benefit from Credit Karma, they can benefit from Mint. If
they're a small business, they can benefit from QuickBooks, things that we ultimately couldn't talk to them
about if they were part of the Free File Alliance program. So sort of mission accomplished, and that's the
reason for why we chose to get out.

I just want to state again, the partnership with the IRS has absolutely been phenomenal and with private
industry to achieve the goals of FFA.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And just any thoughts on margin on the go forward?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Yes. My apologies, I failed to answer that. No impact to margins, no impact to revenue. And some of
the resources actually that were on FFA, we're reallocating them to really important work in TurboTax, so
there's no impact.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Understood. And just a real quick follow-up from an earlier question. You mentioned a flattish IRS industry
growth anticipated for next year. Is that because we saw what looks like 3% this year and just a tough
comp? Or any other factors that go into that anticipation?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Scott, I'll just start with -- it's an assumption. We make an assumption every year as to what we
think it will be because it's important for our planning. And because there's been 2 years of pretty strong
total return growth, we're just assuming next year is going to be flat. We could be wrong, it could grow,
but our assumption going in is it's flat.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Turrin of Wells Fargo.

Michael James Turrin
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on the strong results from me here. Going back to Credit Karma, I'm just wondering if there's
anything you can add around how much visibility you have there in framing targets for the upcoming year
relative to other segments of your business. I think the commentary is clear around the Q4 strength, but
just wondering how to parse the 18% to 21% growth you referenced, which is a solid starting point and a
guide that's modestly down relative to the run rate that segment just delivered.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Michael, and thank you for -- I know you've been waiting for a while in the queue here. We
have very good visibility, and I'll just be specific. We have well over 100 million customers. We see the
monthly active users, which has grown quite nicely. We actually, based on the data that we have and how
we are leveraging that data with our customers' permission as part of Lightbox and number of partners
that come in the Lightbox, we actually can see spend behaviors. We can see our customers' activity.
We can see their financial situations and are -- continue to be better positioned to be able to offer them
products that are right for them.

So when we see our member growth, when we see our member activity, the number of transactions,
which is the number of offerings that we now have, the activity of our partners, which we're very engaged
with because our partners see this platform as a great growth opportunity for them. And the fact that we
continue to be very intentional that we are an agnostic platform, we have pretty good visibility into the
future with Credit Karma. And we feel, of course, good and confident about the guidance that we provided.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Reback of Stifel.

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Sasan, I believe earlier in the call, you talked about retention rates in TurboTax being flat year-over-year.
What types of things have to happen to see that tick up?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you, Brad. First of all, with all of the sort of movement in the last couple of years with the
pandemic and the growth that we've experienced, one, we're actually quite pleased with the retention
rates. And I would tell you, the biggest lever around retention is what we are doing with TurboTax Live,
which is ensuring that our customers know and understand that there's an expert to help them every step
of the way.

But I think secondly, and we haven't talked much about this, and we'll spend a little bit of time on this at
Investor Day, is how we are now leveraging data to never lose a customer. And I give a lot of credit to our
TurboTax team where we've been working on this for several years. It's not a new body of work. But to
shift from just a -- engaging you once a year when it's tax time, to actually understanding and leveraging

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

what we know about you, if something has changed in your life, if you bought a house, if you bought a
car, if you got married, if you got divorced, if you moved from one state to another, to actually engage you
sort of year around relative to giving you confidence that those changes can be addressed by us.

So it's the combination of leveraging data, apply AI to that data with our models to understand who could
be at risk, and then engaging those customers proactively. And by the way, depending on their needs, not
just with TurboTax, it could also be engaging them with the benefits of Credit Karma. Those are the 2 big
things, data and AI and the capabilities of TurboTax Live, engaging customers year round, where we are
quite confident over the long term, we can continue to increase our retention rates.

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

And then just one quick follow-up. High level, any sense of why DIY went backwards this year?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Brad, the numbers are so lumpy. What's happened the last couple of years, so many people that don't
have to file their taxes came in to do their taxes to get a stimulus check. And so what really matters
are some of the underlying numbers that we provided and the fact that we gained share overall IRS
returns and within DIY. Even though DIY went down, but it's just the wonkiness of the number of stimulus
customers that came in that ultimately didn't have to file their taxes again this year. So that's the
reasoning as we look at all the cohorts.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. The first one is on the Credit Karma side where you're
expecting maybe to see some of the pent-up demand return to more normal levels. We're just curious
whether that is more driven on the -- in the core markets, or some of the emerging markets.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you, Jackson. It's primarily originations in credit cards and personal loans. One data point
that's public, the other one is in our own data that we see. They're up double digits strongly compared to
pre-COVID levels, and we believe those are just going to, at some point, taper in the back half of the year.
And it's primarily from what we see in credit cards and personal loans. And it's really our innovation on the
platform that will continue the guidance growth that we provided of 18% to 21%, but it's really in credit
cards and personal loans that we believe originations will go back to pre-COVID levels. Which were strong,
it's just there was pent-up demand, so it grew double digits.

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And then a follow-up for Michelle. The TurboTax Premier SKU, I think, being better than
maybe you had expected entering the year. Can you just remind us what does Premier's retention rate
look like relative to maybe the overall TurboTax platform?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Jackson, thanks for the question there. Yes. Premier, as you know, we've done a good amount of work
on Premier over the last couple of years. It's specifically used by our investors. And so obviously, we've
continued to see growth. It's one of the underpenetrated segments that we focus on. We have not

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

provided any detailed information on our retention rates below our -- the higher level for TurboTax. So
that's just not an area that we really delved into just because of the competitive nature.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Sills of Bank of America Securities.

Bradley Hartwell Sills
BofA Securities, Research Division

I'll echo the congratulations on a really nice finish to the year. One of the things that stands out to me is
the outlook for Small Business, very strong relative to kind of how you provide outlook heading into the
year historically.

So my question is, is there a price increase in there? And just more generally, as you think longer term,
historically, the company has raised price commensurate with more value that's delivered in the product
for QuickBooks. How do you feel about your ability to just monetize more of the market with just more
value-added features coming over the long term? What are some of those things that you think might
enable you to take price over time?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you, Brad, for your question, your kind words. Let me make a couple of comments. One, the --
really, our -- the majority of our growth is coming from customer growth and mix. And when I say mix, for
instance, QuickBooks Advanced which slows after the mid-market type mix. It's really not driven by price,
although we have increased price this year, it's the first time we've done it over the last couple of years.

And I tell you, we run tests, and it's exactly as you said it. We look at a price value equation. We have
very clear pricing principles. And with experimentation and data, we choose when to move forward with a
price increase. And I would tell you that our innovation, just in the last couple of years, literally, last year,
our innovation across the company, which includes Small Business, doubled year-over-year in terms of --
when we measure that by code deployment and impact, and it's doubled again this year.

And that shows up in how we leverage data and AI across the platform to deliver insights to customers.
It shows up in payments and payroll and time tracking. And then what we've announced, which is moving
upmarket several years ago with QuickBooks Advanced, it's being able to serve product based businesses
with QuickBooks Commerce. It's being able to go after nonconsumption with QuickBooks Live, which is a
higher sort of price tag for our customers.

And then our disruptive offering with QuickBooks Cash, which is, in essence, you can start with a business
bank account and be able to run your business through that. So just the innovation is, I would just say,
staggering, focused on cohorts of customers and going after their needs. And with an open platform, we're
able to really focus on what matters more customers and monetize. So we believe that capability is one
that we'll have for years to come.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt Pfau of William Blair.

Matthew Charles Pfau
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Just wanted to ask one question on the Small Business segment. And specifically around some of the key
metrics there like gross to customer additions, charge volumes, employees and under payroll. Have you
seen any change in some of those key metrics you track as COVID variants have started to impact various
spots of the U.S.?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

Yes, Matt, thank you for your question. The short answer is no. We're continuing to see strength by
industry, by geography, given some of the tailwinds in our innovation that I spoke about earlier. So with
the Delta variant being the primary driver of the COVID cases and what we're seeing in different states
within the U.S. having different impacts, we've really not seen an impact in our results in charge volume,
number of employees. So the strength remains.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.

Michael Millman
Millman Research Associates

So a couple of questions. On this year's -- next year's guidance or, I guess, this year's guidance, is that
lower semi number related to your conservatism on last year's guidance? And what should we expect over
a 2-year to 3-year range?

And secondly, on last year's -- or current year's tax, to what extent did you have assisted benefit from
people misunderstanding or concerned about the stimulus and wanting to sit down? And it was a 1-year
phenomenon and we go back to reduced assisted and increasing do-it-yourself?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you, Michael, for your question. A couple of things. I'll start with your first question. We're
very excited about the innovation across the company, the customer segments we're pursuing and the
impact that we are seeing. And in that context, we feel very good about our guidance and long-term
expectations. Which gets to the second question, and that is the long term, what we'll do at Investor Day,
as we do every year, is we'll share our long-term expectations. So we'll talk about that at Investor Day. So
if you wouldn't mind maybe waiting another 3 weeks, we'll talk about that a little bit more.

And the third part of your question around tax and assisted, and we have a blip from the pandemic. I
would say the short answer is really no. This year, a lot of our -- a lot of accountants and stores were
actually open. I think what you're seeing here is just -- it's the impact from our innovation. It's raising the
awareness that we have, live expertise available for customers, whether we do it with you or do it for you.
And in that context, this was not a blip because of the pandemic. If anything, most places were actually
open, and this was just based on our strategy and the results of our execution.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, I'm not showing any further questions. Would you like to close with any
additional remarks?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you. Well, thank you very much for the wonderful questions. And I want to just thank our
employees, our customers and our partners for another great quarter. And I wish all of you to be safe out
there, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

INTUIT INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 24, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

