Intuit Inc. NasdaqGS:INTU
FQ1 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 18, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2022-

-FQ2 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.97

1.53

Revenue  (mm)

1813.58

2007.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-17-2021 12:32 PM GMT

57.73

10.67

1.54

11.24

12.83

2291.32

11151.94

12493.87

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.67

6.16

1.59

0.97

0.68

6.07

1.97

1.53

1.49 %

(1.46 %)

23.90 %

57.73 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kimberly Anderson Watkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

ANALYSTS

Brad Alan Zelnick
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Bradley Hartwell Sills
BofA Securities, Research Division

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Chirag Ved

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael James Turrin
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, my name is Latif, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to Intuit's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Kim Watkins, Intuit's Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms.
Watkins?

Kimberly Anderson Watkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Latif. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuit's First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Conference Call. I'm here
with Intuit's CEO, Sasan Goodarzi; and Michelle Clatterbuck, our CFO.

Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone that our remarks will include forward-looking statements.
There are a number of factors that could cause Intuit's results to differ materially from our expectations.
You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-
K for fiscal 2021 and our other SEC filings. All of those documents are available on the Investor Relations
page of Intuit's website at intuit.com. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.

Some of the numbers in these remarks are presented on a non-GAAP basis. We've reconciled the
comparable GAAP and non-GAAP numbers in today's press release. Unless otherwise noted, all growth
rates refer to the current period versus the comparable prior year period, and the business metrics
and associated growth rates refer to worldwide business metrics. A copy of our prepared remarks and
supplemental financial information will be available on our website after this call ends.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Sasan.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Great. Thanks, Kim, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We're off to a strong start in fiscal year
2022 with continued momentum across the company, given our strategy of becoming a global AI-driven
expert platform, powering the prosperity of consumers and small businesses. We have nearly a $300
billion addressable market, driven by digital tailwinds that include a shift to virtual solutions, acceleration
to online and omnichannel capabilities and digital money offerings.

First quarter revenue grew 52%, including 32 points from the addition of Credit Karma. Total revenue
growth was fueled by Small Business and Self-Employed Group revenue growth of 22% and Credit Karma
revenue of $418 million, another record quarter. Consumer Group and ProConnect Group revenue was in
line with our expectations in a seasonally smaller quarter. As a result, both of our strong start to the year
and the close of the Mailchimp transaction, we are raising our revenue and non-GAAP operating income
and earnings per share guidance for fiscal year 2022. Michelle will cover this in detail later.

Our AI-driven expert platform strategy is accelerating innovation and our 5 Big Bets are solving the largest
problems our customers face. We continue to deliver strong proof points that demonstrate the success and
are well positioned for durable growth in the future. As a reminder, these Big Bets are revolutionize speed
to benefit, connect people to experts, unlock smart money decisions, be the center of small business
growth and disrupt the small business mid-market.

Today, I'd like to highlight examples of our recent progress across 3 of these Big Bets. Our third Big Bet
is to unlock SMART Money decisions. I'm extremely proud of the momentum we are seeing with Credit
Karma. Credit Karma is a data platform with powerful network effects solving a 2-sided problem. We are
focused on our goal of creating a personal financial assistant that helps consumers find the right financial
products, put more money in their pockets and access financial expertise and insights.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

Credit Karma achieved record high revenue again in Q1. We continue to deliver innovation across all
verticals fueled by our proprietary Lightbox platform, enabling personalized experiences for our members,
creating a network effect.

Within the core, partners' usage of Lightbox reached all-time highs across both credit cards and personal
loans. Lightbox more than doubles the average approval rate for members who apply for credit cards on
Credit Karma versus outside of Credit Karma.

Within the growth verticals, we're solving a larger set of financial challenges for consumers. Karma Drive
is giving U.S. members the opportunity to see if they can save money on auto insurance with usage-based
pricing. We're actively exploring expansion opportunities with Lightbox in other verticals, including auto
loans, building off of the successes we've seen in credit cards and personal loans.

Within the emerging verticals, we remain focused on innovation with Credit Karma Money. We integrated
Credit Karma Money into TurboTax last season and experimented with how we can best meet our
customers' needs and announced an integration with QuickBooks Online Payroll. Given our learnings, we
are excited about launching our improved experiences in the coming tax season. We believe Credit Karma
Money is the key to driving growth in frequency of visits over time, one of the many key drivers of average
revenue per monthly active user.

Zooming out, we continue to grow members and are focused on building trust by delivering personalized
financial products right for members, helping members save money, pay down debt and get faster access
to their money while providing insights and advice. Over time, we're creating a virtuous cycle, which we
expect to increase the frequency of engagement, transactions and monetization across our ecosystem.

Our fourth Big Bet is to become the center of small business growth by helping our customers get
customers, get paid fast, manage capital, pay employees with confidence and grow in an omnichannel
world. 60% of small businesses struggle with cash flow, and we are continuing to innovate to create
solutions for customers to overcome this challenge.

In fiscal year 2021, total payments volume on our platform grew 40% year-over-year to over $90 billion,
and online payments volume grew more than 60% driven by an increase in customers using our payments
offering.

As we continue to innovate for our customers in payments, those using QuickBooks Cash have nearly
3x higher engagement compared to customers who have just used QuickBooks Online. To accelerate
engagement and usage of our platform, we recently introduced Get Paid Upfront, a game-changing
innovation that will help qualified customers get paid soon after their invoice is sent.

Our fifth Big Bet is to disrupt the small business mid-market with QuickBooks Online Advanced. We're
seeing strong traction with QBO Advanced, with customers growing to 118,000 in fiscal year 2021, up
57% year-over-year. As we continue to move upmarket and serve these customers' most critical needs,
we're seeing a services ecosystem ARPC that is 4x higher than the ARPC for QBO customers.

We're pleased with our results and remain confident in our game plan to win. Across all of our Big Bets,
we're building momentum and accelerating innovation, which we believe positions us well for durable
growth in the future. This will be further fueled by Mailchimp.

I'm delighted that we closed the acquisition earlier this month, which seeks to significantly accelerate 2
of our Big Bets: to be the center of small business growth and to disrupt the small business mid-market.
Getting and engaging customers remains a significant pain point for small and mid-market businesses. We
are well on our way to becoming the source of truth for our customers to help them grow and run their
business.

We have 3 acceleration priorities with Mailchimp. First priority is to deliver on our vision of an end-to-end
customer growth platform to help customers get their business online, market their business, manage
their customer relationships, get paid, access capital, pay employees, manage cash flow and be compliant,
with virtual experts at their fingertips all in one place; second, disrupting the mid-market by developing
a full marketing automation, CRM and e-commerce suite for mid-market customers at an attractive price

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

point, enabling mid-market customers to use the power of the platform to grow their business; and third,
accelerating global growth with a holistic go-to-market approach.

With Mailchimp now part of the Intuit family, we are uniquely positioned to enable small and mid-market
businesses to combine their customer data from Mailchimp and purchase data from QuickBooks to deliver
actionable insights they need to grow and run their businesses with confidence. This is where the real
magic happens. Our combined platform technology enables us to move with speed, and we've already
seen strong interest from our customers. The teams are hard at work, and we are excited about the
opportunity ahead.

Foundational to our company's success is building a high-performance culture. I want to take a moment to
acknowledge our progress with our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts. Last year, we declared our focus
on increasing the percentages of women in technology roles and underrepresented minorities across our
business. We achieved 30% and 13%, respectively, and we are inspired to accelerate our plans and push
even harder as much work remains to be done.

Additionally, we've made meaningful progress supporting our communities. First, we recently announced
the Intuit Climate Action Marketplace, which will help 1 million U.S. small businesses find sustainable
solutions to reduce carbon emissions. This is part of our decade-long climate positive goal to go beyond
net carbon-neutral and reduce global carbon emissions by 2 million metric tons by 2030 or 50x greater
than our 2018 operational footprint.

We also recently announced a 23-year partnership with the Los Angeles Clippers that includes economic
benefits for the local community with Intuit Dome, the team's future home. And finally, we launched Intuit
Ventures to invest in the start-up community and accelerate fintech innovation for consumers and small
businesses.

All the work we do starts with our mission of powering prosperity around the world. And I'm proud of the
momentum across the company in delivering on that mission for our customers and communities.

Now let me hand it over to Michelle.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Sasan. Good afternoon, everyone, and I'd also like to welcome the Mailchimp team to Intuit. Now
let me turn to the results.

For the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we delivered revenue of $2 billion; GAAP operating income of $195
million versus $209 million last year; non-GAAP operating income of $555 million versus $334 million last
year; GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.82 versus $0.75 a year ago; and non-GAAP diluted earnings
per share of $1.53 versus $0.94 last year. Note that our GAAP results include a $39 million net gain on
other long-term investments.

Turning to the business segments. In the Small Business and Self-Employed Group, revenue grew 22%
during the quarter, with Online Ecosystem revenue up 36%. With the aim of being the source of truth for
small businesses, our strategic focus within Small Business and Self-Employed is threefold: grow the core,
connect the ecosystem and expand globally.

First, we continue to focus on growing the core. QuickBooks Online accounting revenue grew 32% in fiscal
Q1 driven mainly by customer growth, higher effective prices and mix shift.

Second, we continue to focus on connecting the ecosystem. Online Services revenue, which includes
payroll, payments, capital and time tracking, grew 42% in fiscal Q1. Within payroll, we continue to see
revenue tailwinds during the quarter from growth in payroll customers and a mix shift to our full-service
offering. Within payments, revenue growth reflects ongoing customer growth, along with an increase in
charge volume per customer.

Third, our progress expanding globally added to the growth of Online Ecosystem revenue during fiscal Q1.
Total international online revenue grew 39% on a constant currency basis.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

We believe the best measure of the health and success of our strategy is Online Ecosystem revenue
growth, which we expect to grow better than 30% organically over time. This is driven by 10% to 20%
expected growth in both customers and ARPC.

Desktop Ecosystem revenue grew 7% in the first quarter. QuickBooks Desktop Enterprise revenue grew
high single digits driven by strong customer growth and price increases we put in place late last year. As
a reminder, this fall, we transitioned to a subscription model for this year's desktop offering, which we
expect to be a headwind to revenue growth in the second half of the year. We expect the desktop business
to decline longer term.

Moving on to Credit Karma. Revenue was $418 million in Q1, another record revenue quarter driven by
high levels of monthly active users and revenue per monthly active user.

Within the core, we saw another record quarter driven by the combined strength in personal loans and
credit cards. The growth verticals also achieved another strong quarter, reflecting momentum in home
loans and auto loans. And we're developing the emerging vertical by focusing on innovation with Credit
Karma Money, part of our digital money offering, so this is not a large revenue driver today.

We continue to expect pent-up demand across the core verticals to taper sometime in the second half of
fiscal 2022 after a strong year of investment by our partners. We remain excited about the opportunities
ahead.

Consumer Group revenue of $120 million in Q1 was in line with our expectations. Looking ahead to the
upcoming tax season, we continue to focus on our strategy to expand our lead in DIY and transform the
assisted segment with TurboTax Live. As for the ProConnect Group, revenue of $26 million in the quarter
was also in line with our expectations.

Turning to our financial principles. We remain committed to growing organic revenue double digits and
growing operating income dollars faster than revenue. As I've shared before, as we lean into our platform
strategy, we see the opportunity for margin expansion over time. We take a disciplined approach to capital
management, investing the cash we generate in opportunities that yield an expected return on investment
greater than 15%. We continue to reallocate resources to top priorities, with an emphasis on becoming an
AI-driven expert platform. These principles guide our decisions and remain our long-term commitment.

Our first priority for the cash we generate is investing in the business to drive customer and revenue
growth. We consider acquisitions to accelerate our growth and fill out our product road map. We return
excess cash that we can't invest profitably in the business to shareholders via both share repurchases and
dividends.

We finished the quarter with approximately $3.3 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet. On
November 1, we entered into a $4.7 billion term loan under a new credit agreement to partially fund the
Mailchimp acquisition. We repurchased $339 million of stock during the first quarter. Depending on market
conditions and other factors, our aim is to be in the market each quarter. The Board approved a quarterly
dividend of $0.68 per share, payable January 18, 2022. This represents a 15% increase versus last year.

Moving on to guidance. We are raising our full year fiscal 2022 revenue and non-GAAP operating income
and earnings per share guidance to reflect both the acquisition of Mailchimp and the stronger-than-
expected start to the year in the Small Business and Self-Employed Group and Credit Karma.

Our updated fiscal 2022 guidance includes revenue of $12.165 billion to $12.3 billion, growth of 26% to
28%, including Mailchimp as of November 1 and a full year of Credit Karma; excluding Mailchimp, revenue
growth of 18% to 20%, up from our prior guidance of 15% to 16%; GAAP earnings per share of $7 to
$7.16; and non-GAAP earnings per share of $11.48 to $11.64.

This updated fiscal 2022 guidance includes organic growth for the Small Business and Self-Employed
segment of 16% to 17%, up from 12% to 14%; expected Mailchimp revenue of $760 million to $770
million and Credit Karma revenue of $1.54 billion to $1.565 billion, up from $1.345 billion to $1.38 billion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

As I shared before, we continue to see opportunities to leverage the platform and drive margin
expansion over time. Excluding Mailchimp, our non-GAAP operating income guidance continues to imply
approximately 60 basis points of margin expansion in fiscal 2022. Our guidance assumes the Mailchimp
transaction is accretive to Intuit's non-GAAP earnings per share in full year fiscal 2022. However, we
expect an approximately 80 basis point onetime step-down in non-GAAP operating margin, reflecting the
impact of Mailchimp as we plan to invest aggressively in the business. We expect non-GAAP operating
margin expansion to continue from this new level over time, in line with our financial principles.

Our fiscal 2022 GAAP operating income guidance includes approximately $165 million for stock-based
compensation associated with the acquisition of Mailchimp. In addition, our GAAP operating income
guidance includes the impact of the Credit Karma acquisition, along with investments we are making in
stock compensation to attract and retain talent. We're confident these are the right decisions to drive long-
term growth. And we expect a GAAP tax rate of 18% in fiscal 2022.

Our guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2022 includes revenue growth of 73% to 74%, GAAP
earnings per share of $0.55 to $0.59 and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.84 to $1.88.

You can find our full Q2 and updated fiscal 2022 guidance details in our press release and on our fact
sheet.

And with that, I'll turn it back to you, Sasan.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Great. Thank you, Michelle. We are off to a strong start this year with continued momentum across
the company given our strategy of being an AI-driven expert platform that's powering prosperity for
consumers and small businesses. I'm proud of what our employees have accomplished this quarter, and
I'm excited about the opportunities ahead to find new, innovative ways to serve our more than 100 million
customers.
Now let's open it up to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Sasan, look, the success of Lightbox has been very impressive. Just wondering, is there a way to quantify
kind of where we are in terms of adoption of Lightbox within your core credit vertical and kind of what that
potential adoption could look like? And then you touched on expanding into other verticals. What verticals
do you think are appropriate to integrate into Lightbox?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Ken, thanks for the question. In terms of Lightbox, as we talked about at Investor Day, we've actually
made significant progress year-over-year in terms of penetration. I think what we talked about at Investor
Day is we had 50% and 40% penetration in credit cards and personal loans compared to, I think, 40%,
20% the year before. So one, we have significant penetration opportunity ahead of us. I think equally
as important, if not more, is what financial institutions are seeing, which is really the payoff for their
investments. And so more and more financial institutions are joining the platform, and this gives us really
an opportunity to significantly increase penetration. I think that's the way I would probably give you the
punchline. Our penetration in credit cards is, I think, less than 5%, just as an example; and personal loans
and other verticals are even lower than that.

So Lightbox, the trust we build with our members, the trust we're building with our partners, gives us an
opportunity for significant penetration. And I think our sort of best years are ahead of us when you think
about Lightbox and particularly penetration. In terms of your question around expansion, auto loans is
just one example of where we can expand Lightbox. And there are other areas that we've not talked about
publicly. I won't do it today until we see further proof points where we can further expand Lightbox. So
I think this is 13 years of investments that now positions us to really deliver for members, partners and
really create this network effect.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Fantastic. I appreciate the color. And then if I could sneak one in for you, Michelle. When I look at
that Mailchimp number, $760 million, $770 million, any way to help us understand what that growth might
have looked like on sort of a 3-quarter basis versus last year?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Ken, yes, we're really excited about Mailchimp, and we think that we're going to do some great things
together. Their revenue and their new paying user growth was negatively impacted during the pandemic.
I would let you know that. And they did pull back on some of their marketing spend so they could
preserve their profitability, and we did see their churn decline some there, too. We're going to be investing
aggressively to drive their growth as we go forward. It won't happen overnight. But we're really excited
about the opportunities we see to grow as we look forward. We haven't really given any additional details
on what their growth was previously.

Operator

Our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

Excellent. Really impressive quarter across the board, there's really nothing to pick on in here. I want
to dig into the QuickBooks Online business a little bit, both sort of the subscriptions and the online
services boasting acceleration in the quarter. Can you help us understand how much of that is kind of
like the continued kind of reflation post the calendar '20 macro impact? And how much comes from just
fundamentally improving attach rates? I know you guys are focusing on higher-level customers with QBO
Advanced. Is that starting to improve the overall attach rate picture in that business?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Thanks for the question. I would say the majority, if not all, compared to previous quarters is simply
customer growth. It's improved mix based on the traction of QuickBooks Advanced; QuickBooks Live,
to a lesser degree; and things like full-service payroll; and just all the innovation we've been doing
in payments with Instant Deposit, making it easier to use our payments offering; and now our new
launch with Get Paid Upfront. So I would say the majority of what we're starting to experience is the
actual innovation on the platform and the portfolio that we have solving a broad range of needs for our
customers. The, I would say, bounce-back from the pandemic, of course, happened. And we started
experiencing the pickup. But that was, I would say, 4 to 6 months ago. I think now we're seeing the actual
true performance of the platform.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Outstanding. And maybe a follow-up for Michelle. You called out again the potential impacts on the
desktop business from a shift towards subscription. Any way you could help us quantify what like those
impacts are going to be?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Keith, what I can tell you about desktop is, obviously, we saw the 7% growth in the Ecosystem in first
quarter. And that was really driven by 2 different components. The majority of it was 2 components. First
was we saw higher Desktop Enterprise customer growth and some price increases. Desktop Enterprise
revenue growth was high single digits in Q1. The other half of that is really the desktop subscriber
mix. Last year, what we saw was desktop subs grew 48% and outright units declined by 47%. And so
that growth in subs last year, because of the way we do revenue recognition, you get like an extra pop
of revenue from subscriber growth in Q1. And so that is what we saw. So we do expect to see some
headwinds for that growth as we go further out through the rest of the year, especially with all the
subscriber growth instead of outright.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI.

Chirag Ved

This is Chirag Ved on for Kirk. Congratulations on the great quarter. I know it's still early days, but can
you talk a little bit about the plan for the go-to-market with Mailchimp? For example, are you planning
to approach customers or the one-stop shop vendor? Or do you think both will be sold separately given
potential different buying centers and companies? Does Mailchimp expedite your plans to potentially
expand QuickBooks into more geographies on a quicker time line? And I guess, how do you expect this to
evolve over time as you reach steady-state?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll take you back to the 3 priorities that we've declared because I think
it goes after the great question that you've asked. First and foremost, our #1 priority is really around
creating one growth platform. And it's really a lot of the work behind the scenes in terms of building data
pipelines and connecting the services so that the magical power of the data, both Mailchimp data and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

QuickBooks data, can come together for the customer to put the power of the insights in their hands. So
first and foremost, it's all about the product and creating one growth platform.

The second is we see a huge opportunity to serve mid-market. As you know, we're already doing that
from a financial management solutions perspective with QuickBooks Advanced. Well, now we're going to,
in essence, build out the capabilities on Mailchimp and really disrupt the mid-market because this is a
huge need for mid-market. And I would say third is actually having a global playbook and accelerating our
investments in go-to-market, which I think will get at the last question that you asked that I didn't answer
yet. And that is, we want customers to have choice.

So if customers first want to engage with Mailchimp to be able to take their business online, to market
their business and use CRM tools, they can use Mailchimp, but we'll make sure everything is payment-
enabled. And then over time, if they want to use all of the invoicing capabilities, payroll capabilities, access
to capital, ensure that they're compliant, all of that will be enabled within Mailchimp. And the vice versa
is true. If you're using QuickBooks and you want to start using capabilities to market your business and
manage your customers, all the capabilities of Mailchimp will be available to you. And Mailchimp could end
up being, for instance, a NAV item on the left-hand side.

So we will let customers make choice is I think the headline answer to your question. We will go to market
separately. We will go to market together. We will raise awareness and ensure that customers know that
there's one place where they can run their business and, more importantly, the power of all their data will
be in one place to fuel their success. So that's the approach that we're taking.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It's Jackson on for Sterling tonight. The first one is actually on the better-than-expected performance for
the remainder of the year from Credit Karma. And we're curious, I mean, is it driven more by a stronger
bounce-back from an impact in 2020 in your traditional verticals? Or is it more about having increased
confidence, Michelle, and I think what you mentioned on the home and auto loan side?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you for the question. A couple of things I would start with. Last year, when you look at the
full year of Credit Karma compared to the prior year, we grew 37%. And our new guidance for Credit
Karma going forward is a range of 35% to 37%. And so I think what you see within that is there has been
a macro bounce-back, but really a lot of what we're really seeing is the innovation on the platform, the
power of Lightbox, the fact that members are getting better matches to things that they are looking for,
financial institutions and insurance companies are seeing the power of the platform. And it's really just
creating that network effect.

So I think what we're gaining confidence in is just the innovation, the technology investments in
Lightbox and in context of the macro environment as we look ahead that gives us confidence around
the performance of Credit Karma. And again, I would just remind us, and this is more of a longer-term
comment, credit Karma is a platform and we're creating an ecosystem effect here. Credit Karma is part of
the TurboTax experience, and we're excited for all of you to see what we're going to be launching in the
coming tax season. TurboTax as part of the Credit Karma experience. Credit Karma is part of the payroll
experience. So really think about Intuit as one platform with many platforms that solve different problems.
And that's really what fuels our confidence as we look ahead.

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then a follow-up actually on the tax business. By the end of the second quarter, we'll
kind of be into the tax season. So we're coming up on marketing time on TurboTax advertisement spend.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

So any color that you can give us on kind of what plans are for the marketing budget as we ramp up into
January?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Well, I'm not going to talk about the marketing budget, but what I will share with you is it's very
consistent and durable in context of what you've seen in the last couple of years. We are very focused
on really fundamentally changing how you get your taxes done if you need assistance, and you're going
to continue to see us be assertive in terms of how we raise awareness with 88 million customers that
need assistance and how there's a better way to get your assistance. And also the under-penetrated
segments that we've talked about, which is Latinx, the investment community and the self-employed. So I
think what you should expect is our investments on a platform has continued in those areas. We're really
excited about the season coming up, and our marketing efforts will be really focused in those areas to
continue to raise awareness.

Operator

Our next question comes from Siti Panigrahi of Mizuho.

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Congratulations. Great quarter. Sasan, I want to ask you about the new customer acquisition trend that
you're seeing. I remember you talked about a lagging effect to new business creation in the U.S., so
wondering what sort of trend you're seeing in the QuickBooks new customer acquisition side and what sort
of promotion or anything you are doing at this point.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you for your kind comments and the question. I would say that it's very consistent with what
we talked to you all about at Investor Day, and that is, that we're continuing to see the acquisition trends
that we would expect in the U.S. across the board, both in the low end of the market but also the trends
that we're seeing in the mid-market. So those trends are continuing. And as we've shared before, we're
not overly reliant, by any means, on new business formations. So from just a health perspective, I would
say U.S. is consistent with what we talked about with all of you a few months ago. And I would say outside
of the U.S., again, very consistent with before. The recovery has not been like the U.S.

Now if I were to double-click on that, I would say, behind the U.S. has been Canada. And I think we're
going to start seeing U.K. and Australia start to come back -- sorry, U.K. and France. And then Australia is,
I would say, behind the U.K. and France. So we do believe that in the next year or less, that international
will start to slowly bounce back. And then the reason for just the slowness in international bouncing back
is there's just been so many starts and stops that small businesses have just lost confidence, do I build up
inventory, do I go hire more employees, do I increase my own marketing budget, that they've just been
slower in bouncing back. But we believe, within the next year or so, we'll see that strength. But net-net,
the headline news is U.S. continues to be strong and match what we've expected, and international will
bounce back within a year.

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

That's great. And a follow-up to TurboTax question. This is probably the first year you're going to tap into
the Credit Karma members who are not using TurboTax. What sort of strategy do you have at this point to
tap into such a massive member base in Credit Karma?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

Yes. We are really excited about just the possibilities of what we can do for Credit Karma members and
TurboTax customers. And last year really was a learning year, and I think we're going to learn a lot more
this year. Listen, our goal is we want every TurboTax customer to be using Credit Karma and all the
benefits of Credit Karma. And we want every Credit Karma member to be using TurboTax, whether they
want to do it themselves or they need assistance. And so I think we're going to be 1 year better than we
were last year in terms of all of our experiences, in terms of just the investments that we've made in the
experiences. And we're excited about it.

Just to put it in context, at Investor Day, we shared with you our Horizon framework, Horizon 1 being
sort of revenue impact within 0 to 18 months; Horizon 2 being 18 to 36 months; and Horizon 3 being 36
months plus. We actually put the impact of Credit Karma integrated as part of TurboTax and vice versa as
almost 3 years out because we really want to nail the experience. But nevertheless, we're leaning in, and
we're excited about the things we're going to be launching in the weeks to come.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Turrin of Wells Fargo.

Michael James Turrin
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on the amazing results to start off the fiscal year. We've talked about -- I mean, you've gotten
a few questions on tax. We see this on the Live technology. We see you're now offering expert setup
for QuickBooks as well. So wondering if you can just add any color on how far that expert-led vision
extends? Is that something you could take into consumer finance or potentially even something like e-mail
marketing with Mailchimp? It seems like a powerful addition to the product portfolio. And clearly, Big Bet,
you've been focused on it, so would love to hear more.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Michael, thank you for your kind words and great question. When we declared our bet around
connecting people to experts and creating a virtual expert platform, we have been -- I think we're on
to now, I don't know, 5-plus years, really investing in this virtual expert platform. There are so many
underlying technology services where AI is being used to ensure that the platform, matches the right
customer to the right expert, to make the platform simple and easy to use for experts. And we feel
really confident relative to just where we are with the virtual expert platform. And our focus intentionally
has been really about serving customers when it comes to tax time and helping small businesses with
bookkeeping and eventually also with their taxes but, more importantly, just helping them run their
business. And we have so much opportunity ahead of us just in that space.

With that said, we do have a few, what we call, small mission-based teams that are exploring other
spaces because we can leverage a lot of the capabilities of this virtual expert platform to serve spaces like
marketing, potentially spaces like financial services. So we are doing experiments but very intentionally to
ensure that we can learn. I think I will just end with, the opportunities of where we can take this virtual
expert platform is endless. However, the biggest growth opportunity ahead of us right now is helping
customers with taxes and helping small businesses run their business. And then as these other verticals
become reality, we'll, of course, share our plans with all of you. But it is something that will extend over
time horizontally into new verticals.

Michael James Turrin
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

That's a great answer. Michelle, you've historically not updated guidance before tax season. We've talked
about some of the pockets of strength of Credit Karma. But in terms of breaking that historical pattern,
are we just seeing a more diversified Intuit come through? Or any comments you can provide just around
the change there?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Michael. Yes, this is something that diverges from what we have done historically.
Historically, also the Consumer Group has been such a large percentage of our business also. And now as
other parts of the business are growing more, we're adding Credit Karma and overall, the composition of
the business is just changing. And also, this is sort of one of the first times we've seen a real pandemic hit
like this. And so the growth after the pandemic has also had some implications for recovery and so forth.
So yes, it is a little bit different. Composition of the company is a little different. But we feel really good
about what we're seeing and are very excited about the accelerated growth we're seeing in Credit Karma
and in Small Business and ready to jump into tax season.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick of Deutsche Bank.

Brad Alan Zelnick
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congrats, guys. My question, you had a price increase go into effect during the quarter in Small Business.
Any discernible impact to retention across your various SKUs, particularly from those who haven't
attached payments or payroll?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Brad, thank you for your kind words and the question. I'll say 2 things. One, really, the majority of
our growth continues to come from customer growth and mix and, a much lesser extent, price. So you
should just be aware of that. And two, there's nothing that we've seen from the price increase that's
outside of the balance of what we expected. So the short answer is no. It's within our control limit as we
expected based on the testing that we had done.

Brad Alan Zelnick
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it. And if I could just follow up with one more, Sasan. There's no doubt a significant opportunity with
Credit Karma Money, and I believe you called out the opportunity for QuickBooks Payroll customers to
deposit up to $232 billion of payroll funds into a CK money account. What traction have you seen on this
so far? Or what percentage of QuickBooks Payroll payees do you think you can ultimately capture with
something like this?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Well, first of all, we've not divulged our traction other than I would tell you we generally are excited,
as part of many things that we are providing in our portfolio to customers, giving them early access to
wages. I think a lot of what we are learning and a lot of what we're excited about as we move forward
depends on the customer and the cohort of customers. There are certain customers that, depending on
their situation and how much they depend on living weekly -- connected to their weekly paycheck, if you
live paycheck to paycheck, you are much more focused on can I get early access to that versus if you
don't live week-to-week. So we're learning about those cohorts within our payroll, to your question, and
where we can get traction and where it's just not a need for customers.

I would just say more broadly, we are excited about early access to wages, both providing it across payroll
stand-alone, providing it through Credit Karma. And frankly, I think over time, this is just something that's
going to be commodity. I think everybody is going to have a product feature that gives you early access
to wages. For us, it's not just about the feature, it's about the ecosystem effect that it creates for our
customers and our members.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

Our next question comes from Brent Thill of Jefferies.

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Sasan, you were clear when the Mailchimp deal closed that this is not just a mail company, that there
was a broader platform play for marketing and signing up a website. I'm just curious, along that theme,
what you're seeing in terms of the most excitement where you can bring Mailchimp into your clients and,
ultimately, kind of this platform play for the front office and how that evolves, if you could cover that, that
would be great.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, absolutely, Brent. One of our mechanisms that we have as a company is called our Big Bets review
where we take our officers of the company through the experiences of each of the Big Bets, what we've
learned, where we are and where we're headed. And this last Big Bet review happened to be one where
we brought in Ben and the team from Mailchimp and actually walked through the experience and detail
where we are and where we're going. And I would just tell you that we continue to even get more excited
as we've closed the deal because the needs of our customers are in all the areas that you mentioned.
And every customer is in a different place. But customers are really looking for ways to be able to engage
getting new customers. It's their bread and butter. Almost 70% of our customers are looking for ways to
get new customers.

We now have those capabilities, and we'll integrate it in the QuickBooks and vice versa, QuickBooks into
Mailchimp. They want to be able to manage their existing customers in an automated way, in an insightful
way where everything is automated. They don't have to know when do I follow up with a customer, what
additional products can I sell them, all of that can get automated through Mailchimp. And one of the things
people don't realize is one of the largest ways that you still engage customers, we see it through what we
do in TurboTax, is actually e-mail. So now we have all those capabilities.

We have abilities to put you on mega platforms with all of our digital assets, manage all of your existing
relationships, all the e-mail capabilities. But more importantly, it's leveraging the power of the data, the
customer data and the purchase data to help you understand who's the customer, who bought what, what
did they not buy, who's leading your shopping card and how do you pursue them. So it's consistent with
what we've talked about before. That's the opportunity ahead, and it's about the work that we do now on
the product to put the power of those capabilities in the hands of our customers. So we couldn't be more
excited to help our customers with their success. So stay tuned.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kartik Mehta of Northcoast Research.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

I wanted to ask you a little bit about TurboTax Live, maybe what the trends have been in terms of
customers that are already TurboTax customers shifting to that product and new customers and how you
anticipate that trend evolving this tax season.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. It's a great question. It's one of the things that just really excites us about the live platform. One,
there's 88 million folks that use an assisted method today. Within the assisted method, you have 10
million folks every year where there's churn. They go jump from one assisted method to another. So from
one account to another or from 1 store to an accountant. And then within the TurboTax base, the do-it-
yourselfers, we have 4 million people that leave, and they ultimately go to an assisted method. So I think
the answer to your question is it's all of the above.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

We've seen conversion improvements, retention improvements. We've seen TurboTax customers that
did it themselves a year before where they had a life change or they just weren't sure if they did their
home deductions the right way or if they had a kid and the kid went to college, how to ultimately account
for those deductions where they're now using the Live platform. And vice versa, you may use the Live
platform and have enough confidence, for the year after, you do it yourself. And then you may -- a day
after that, bounce back. And now we're seeing 3, 4 years of trend. So really, it's all of the above, with the
largest, I would say, driver being folks that use a different assisted method coming on to a platform and,
of course, those that have life changes within TurboTax growing with TurboTax and using the Live platform.
And we just see that continuing as we view this opportunity with a 10-year lens.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

And just a question on Credit Karma. Sasan, you've talked about Credit Karma Money, and that sounds
like a very interesting opportunity. I'm wondering, is there any concern that your customer will say, "Hey,
you're competing with me now for deposits," and that causes issues?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

One of the sort of essential strategic principles that we have within Credit Karma is that it is an agnostic
platform. And our financial institutions and all our partners see the power of that, how diligent and
intentional we are about not creating our own products but ensuring that we match members with a
product that's right for them. And a lot of the capabilities that we have within Credit Karma ultimately has
an institution that's participating in it. So that is not a concern that we have. Our say-do is very, very high
with financial institutions. And we just believe that that's the beginning of it, especially with the traction of
Lightbox, which actually delivers more success for members and more success for financial institutions. So
it is not a concern of ours.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kash Rangan of Goldman Sachs.

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Fantastic quarter, Sasan and Michelle. Sasan, I'm curious to get your take on the issues that are being
faced by the U.S. economy. We've got unprecedented labor shortage. We've got a supply chain issue.
We've got an inflation issue. A lot of these problems do pertain to the small business ecosystem. When
you think of Intuit and the dramatic transformation you've undertaken very successfully betting on AI,
what can Intuit do to solve these problems for small business customers as it plays to these near-term
headwinds that we're facing from your product perspective?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Kash. One for your kind comments and it's a wonderful question on all those areas, right, the
labor shortage, some of the supply chain challenges if you're a product-based business and certainly
inflation is absolutely impacting small businesses. I would make a broad comment that I would say we
are experiencing. When you couple what happened with the pandemic, starting in March of 2020, where
it really, I think, forced everyone around the globe, whether you're a small business or not, but let's
just stay focused on small businesses, to reinvent yourself. And it really accelerated the shift to virtual
solutions. It accelerated the shift to going online, whether it's how you invoice and get paid, how you do
your payroll, how you do your time tracking. And I think that movement, which is just simply continuing,
I don't think we're ever going to go back to the old way, I think this pandemic really has accelerated the
shift in those areas that I mentioned, in particular, of course, the digital money offering.

I think that, coupled with this not only labor shortage but also labor movement from job to job, some of
the supply chain challenges that generally, we believe, as I talk to my peers, will start to get addressed by

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

the second half of 2022, first half of 2023, and inflation, is actually causing small businesses to leverage
more platforms. And so if I then bring that back to our platform and the fact that if you use our platform,
you can get paid upfront. You can get instant deposit. You can do same-day payroll. You can use an expert
to ensure that you've got the best deductions as a small business and to ensure that you're running your
business effectively.

And the fact that you can do more with less people if you use one platform, that's where the power of
Mailchimp comes into play. Rather than having multiple tools where you're bouncing back and forth
between tools, and you're not really sure what your customer profitability is, when you should follow
up with the customer, how to acquire more customers, all of those things are a thrust for the use of our
platform. And our platform is actually built to help you grow your business with less focus on labor and to
be able to embrace as much as possible the inflation. Now ultimately, we have to address over time, and
I believe it will get addressed, some of these supply chain issues and inflationary issues. But that's where
our platform comes into play and why we're so well positioned for small businesses and the role we need
to play to continue to educate them.

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Excellent. If I could, very quick one for Michelle. How do you assess the long-term margin drivers? I mean
generally, the Street thinks that margin growth is somewhat linear. But generally, these things tend to go
up in an S-curve. So we often underestimate the true profitability of companies in the long term. So in
your case, what are the things that we should be looking for that could drive increased operating leverage
in the future.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Kash. I appreciate that. Well, in the current year, as I spoke about earlier, we will see a margin
adjustment with the acquisition of Mailchimp. And so we do, though, believe that over time, we will
continue to expand our margins as we've talked about from this new step-down level going forward. But
as we become more and more of a platform, we see opportunities for us just across the company, whether
it is in technology and being able to increase the velocity of development on our platform and driving more
services, using things like money movement across the company and our fraud and risk capabilities not
having to duplicate those across the company.

Customer success is another great example where we're scaling a common customer success platform
so that we can more efficiently and effectively serve customers. And then also in the go-to-market area,
really leveraging a common infrastructure to be able to more effectively target customers and manage our
sales and marketing processes also. So we do see a number of opportunities all across the P&L that, as we
look forward, there will be opportunities for us to leverage those.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Sills of Bank of America Securities.

Bradley Hartwell Sills
BofA Securities, Research Division

Congratulations on a really nice quarter. I wanted to ask a question about TurboTax, if I might, please.
With this being the second year of your targeting the full-service opportunity, what were the learnings
from the last year, your first year, with this offering? Historically, you've seen this 1% to 2% share gain
within do-it-yourself. Do-it-yourself is gaining 2 to 4 points as a category. Could this potentially accelerate
those trends as you gain more intelligence, become more successful with this effort? And just generally,
what are your expectations for this year with that offering?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

Yes. Thank you, Brad. I would say 2 big things. One is full service absolutely has a halo impact on
confidence for the customer, which actually gets me to the second point and really the approach, which is
we're a platform for our customers. And so really, if you think customer Mac, we want our customers to
know that they have the ability to do it themselves. They can access an expert, if they need the expert
to answer any questions that they have, and/or they can just have us do their taxes for them and do
everything digitally. And by the way, midstream, if you choose an expert and utilize, you know what, I
don't know if I just want help. I just want Intuit to do it all that for me. We'll do it all for you.

So really, our approach, and now that we've had several years of experimenting and learning with full
service, is that now we have a true end-to-end platform where we can meet the needs of any customer.
And the power is to actually grow with customers over time. If they just start out their career or if they're
a student who have life changes, we have a platform that will meet all of their needs. So that's really, I
would say, the headlines of the answers, plays a halo effect, which has informed our platform approach as
we look ahead.

Bradley Hartwell Sills
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great to hear, Sasan. One more if I may, please, just on Credit Karma. Last year, you saw a nice upside in
the tax quarters, converting TurboTax filers to Credit Karma. Could you remind us kind of where you are
there? Was that some low-hanging fruit initially? What drove that success that you saw in that business?
And kind of what is your outlook for that this year and going forward?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. I would really put last year entirely in the bucket of just learning. And it doesn't mean that's
going to change this year. We are a company that's all about moving fast, experimenting, pivoting and
learning, all in context of being stubborn around the vision that we have. And so really, last year was a
learning year, although there were some nice member growth impacts to Credit Karma from TurboTax.
We're really excited and eager to see how our new innovations and experiences on the platform plays out
this year and to see what we learn.

I'll take you back to the reason, at Investor Day, we put the opportunity of Credit Karma as part of
TurboTax experience and TurboTax as part of the Credit Karma platform as a Horizon 3, is we're really
focused on the customer and member experience and nailing that because we know, over time, we
can monetize. So we're excited about the year ahead. We have 11 months under our belt learning and
adjusting and preparing for this tax season. And we're excited about these experiences being launched
and seeing how they play out in the next couple of months.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

First question, in international, Sasan, 39% growth in Small Business. It's very nice. Could you just give a
little summary of what you saw and where in the quarter? And then kind of part B to the question is, you
mentioned Mailchimp should accelerate global growth, I'm just curious when and how we'll see it showing
up in the category.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Scott. Thank you. First of all, on international, we saw some of the same trend given not only
our execution but the macro environment, as we've seen in the last couple of quarters, there's certain
countries like Canada that have bounced back a bit more strongly. Then there's places like Australia that
really have been very slow to bounce back based on the fact that the economy keeps opening and shutting
down. And again, our view is, within the next year, international should start to come back from a macro

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

perspective. So net-net, our trends and our performance, although we're very pleased with it, we believe
over time could paint a different picture as the macro environment comes back.

In terms of Mailchimp, our focus is the 3 priorities that I mentioned. We want to create an amazing
product and platform that brings QuickBooks and Mailchimp together. We want to build the capabilities
to go disrupt mid-market. And then as Michelle mentioned, we're going to be investing heavily in our
global go-to-market. So I would say I wouldn't overly anticipate a significant change in our trajectory
international because of Mailchimp. There's some fundamental things we want to get right to ensure that
we can truly be the platform where you can grow your business and run your business. And over time, it
will certainly have an impact internationally, and we're excited about that because it gives us another foot
in the door outside of the U.S.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Great. And just for a last one. Congratulations on the Intuit Dome and maybe beating out Crypto.com on
that one. But just curious on the overriding big thematic marketing push of the company in the last few
years, just how should we think about that on the big scale.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I would say, and I've said this for years, and I think you used to hear Brad talk about this. I think
we're the world's biggest hidden secret. And we don't want that secret to hold true anymore. We want
to make sure the world knows who it is and what our brands are. And we have data that shows that the
more customers learn that TurboTax, Credit Karma, Mailchimp now and QuickBooks, when they learn that
they're part of the Intuit brand and the platforms are all connected, it actually has a positive impact on our
potential for growth.

So the way we think about Intuit Dome, it is not for us a naming rights deal. We've had many
opportunities where we've actually been pursued to be part of deals like this, and we passed them up over
the years. We did this because, one, it's very technology-forward dome. We're going to be helping the
community. And two, we're really going to be able to showcase our brands. And it will be yet another way
to demonstrate the benefits that we bring to the market as one Intuit platform and the impact that we can
have in the lives of consumers and small businesses.

So that's really how we think about it and why we're excited about it. And by the way, over time, we
expect the same return on investment as we do with our marketing investments, and that's really what
this is. It just goes beyond marketing to impacting the local communities in L.A., which we're excited
about.

Operator

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, would you like to close with any additional remarks?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. Thank you. Well, first of all, really appreciate all the questions. And once again, I want to
just thank our employees for their incredible hard work, our customers and our partners for the strong
start to the year and the opportunity we have ahead of us. We're very passionate about fundamentally
powering the prosperity of our customers and communities, and we're proud of our accomplishments and
we continue to believe that we are just getting started. So thanks for your questions. Thanks for your
time, and we will see you at our next earnings call. Bye, everybody.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INTUIT INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

