Intuitive Surgical, Inc. NasdaqGS:ISRG
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 19, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.16

1.19

Revenue  (mm)

1378.06

1403.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-19-2021 1:43 AM GMT

2.59

1.83

1.25

4.88

5.58

1509.25

5631.34

6405.24

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.04

0.88

1.02

1.16

1.19

1.17

1.31

1.19

14.42 %

32.95 %

28.43 %

2.59 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal
Accounting Officer

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Intuitive Q3 2021 Earnings Release
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Senior Vice President of Finance, Jamie Samath. Please
go ahead, sir.

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive's third quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have
Gary Guthart, our CEO; Marshall Mohr, our CFO; and Brian King, our Treasurer.

Before we begin, I would like to let you know that Philip Kim, our Head of Investor Relations for the last
couple of years, has moved on to pursue his next opportunity. We appreciate his contributions and wish
him well in his next endeavor. Joining us on the call today is Brian King, who has been our Treasurer
for the last 7 years. Brian will be expanding his responsibilities to include the role of Head of Investor
Relations.

Moving on, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as
a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our
Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 10,
2021 and Form 10-Q filed on July 21, 2021. Our SEC filings can be found through our website or at the
SEC's website. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on
the Latest Events section under our Investor Relations page. Today's press release and supplementary
financial data tables have been posted to our website.

Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter results as described in our
press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the
quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our financial results. I will
discuss procedure and clinical highlights and provide an update of our financial outlook. And finally, we will
host a question-and-answer session.

With that, I will turn it over to Gary.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Thank you for joining us today. Our team performed well in the third quarter in the face of pandemic-
related headwinds. The rise of the Delta variant and stresses in some hospitals pressured the demand for
surgery. Global supply chain disruption has yet to abate, necessitating redirection of internal resources
to continue to meet our customers' demand. Despite these challenges, growth in the use of our products
continued in the quarter and capital demand remained robust. Our new platforms advanced in their
commercialization, in their innovation and in their clinical programs.

Turning first to procedures. The increased COVID burden tempered the recovery we saw in the second
quarter, particularly in the month of August. The impact of the Delta variant drove procedures in the
United States below our expectations at the start of the quarter with run rate stabilizing the last couple of
weeks of September.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Adoption continues in the United States driven particularly by benign general surgery procedures,
including bariatric surgery, cholecystectomy and hernia repair. Trends in malignant procedures remain
solid, including prostatectomy, hysterectomy, lobectomy and colon resection.

Two trends that have emerged over the past few years are the increased use of da Vinci in benign
procedures and rising use of our advanced instrumentation in targeted procedures. Both are the result of
focusing on our customers' needs and delivering product and economic solutions to match.

Outside the United States, procedure performance varied as a function of regional pandemic impact. In
China, growth in the quarter was strong and spanned multiple specialties, reflecting continued adoption.
In Japan and Korea, our procedure business remains healthy with slight sequential procedure growth Q2
to Q3 despite COVID-related surgery disruption. Germany, the U.K. and France had reasonable year-over-
year procedure growth, and our customers are having success in diversifying procedure categories beyond
urology.

Regarding the capital environment, new system placements continue to be robust. The United States
had an outstanding capital quarter with a balanced mix of hospitals new to da Vinci as well as healthy
incremental placements for existing customers and trade-ins of older technology. This performance has
been driven by collaboration with U.S. integrated delivery networks as they thoughtfully manage and
expand the capacity of their da Vinci fleets. Elsewhere, China, Japan and Europe had solid placements in
the quarter, and our placements in Brazil showed strength.

Turning to our newer platforms. Our single port system, da Vinci SP, had a solid quarter as we pursue
additional indications. Placements of our flexible bronchoscopy platform, Ion, grew nicely sequentially Q2
to Q3, powered by continued strong customer experiences in the field.

Our finances were strong again this quarter, though they followed an unusual path. System strength
and favorable system sales mix drove strong system revenue. Procedures grew at the low end of our
expectations as a result of the Delta variant. Instrument and accessory revenue per procedure moved
down modestly as benign procedures continue to make up more of the procedure mix and our extended
use instrument program reaches equilibrium in the field.

Our spending grew sequentially and year-over-year as we continue to invest in expanding our new
platforms and digital programs as well as build our go-to-market capabilities globally. Our expense growth
was again modestly lower than planned, driven by some increase in time to fill open positions in a tight
labor market, lower travel-related spending given the pandemic and some underspending in prototypes.
We will continue to invest in programs that fulfill the mission and build the company.

Turning to our innovation efforts. We develop and deploy technology-enabled solutions to support our
customers' pursuit of the quadruple aim: better outcomes, better patient experiences, better care team
experiences and lower total cost to treat per patient episode.

I'd like to take a moment to overview the clinical status of our programs. For our da Vinci system,
there are now over 9.7 million lifetime procedures performed with over 28,000 peer-reviewed clinical
publications. Da Vinci X and Xi now have over 70 representative clinical uses, allowing broad use across
multiple clinical specialties, from urology, to gynecology, thoracic surgery, general surgery and transoral
surgery.

Tens of thousands of surgeons routinely use our multiport systems. We continue to invest in our multiport
products, instruments and services to further expand their capabilities and indications. Leading surgeons
continue to work with us to pursue new learning with several prospective studies ongoing.

Our flexible bronchoscopy system, Ion, continues to build momentum clinically and commercially with
several presentations and manuscripts updating Ion clinical progress at the 2021 CHEST conference
this weekend. As described in yesterday's press release, early clinical trial results point to outstanding
capability, allowing for definitive diagnosis of hard-to-reach lung lesions. Our teams are hard at work
building our manufacturing and supply capabilities to meet rising demand.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Our single port system, SP, has a clinical database of 28 peer-reviewed clinical publications. There are
currently several ongoing prospective studies for SP in Korea and the United States, including our IDE trial
for colorectal indications. This quarter, we received FDA approval of our uniportal thoracic IDE. Broad SP
adoption will be paced by additional regional and clinical clearances, which remain our focus for the SP
program.

Our digital solutions provide data-driven insights to surgeons, operative services and hospital
administration. From virtual reality training, to efficiency insights, to custom comparative outcomes
analysis, these tools are now routinely employed by our customers and our teams to improve programs.
Our analytics program supported thousands of customers in the quarter.

Turning to machine learning. Our teams are at the leading edge of ML-based clinical science for surgery
through our collaborations with leading academic centers, informing algorithmic and scientific discovery.
Taken together, these programs allow our customers to quantify our collective impact on the quadruple
aim, core to our mission.

Before turning the time over to Marshall, today, we announced some changes in responsibilities of our
senior executive team. These changes are the result of a structured process over the past few years,
and they are driven by our need to support growth in our product lines, commercial reach, operations
capabilities and business infrastructure as we scale to meet the global opportunity to advance minimally
invasive care.

Starting January 1, 2022, our Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer, Dave Rosa, will take
on an important new role of Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy and Growth Officer, leading
our efforts to identify and realize long-term business opportunities, continuing to build the value of our
integrated product offerings and ensuring our customers clearly understand the value of our ecosystem in
creating successful minimally invasive programs.

Henry Charlton, currently General Manager of the U.S. and Europe, will succeed Dave as Chief Commercial
Officer, overseeing global commercial sales, regional marketing and commercial enablement. Also,
Marshall Mohr will take on an important new position as Executive Vice President, Global Business
Services, leading Intuitive's continued growth in information technology, enterprise process, data and
systems and global facilities. Jamie Samath will succeed Marshall as Chief Financial Officer.

They are each outstanding proven leaders and will report to me. We expect them to spearhead our efforts
to achieve our mission and continue to position Intuitive as first choice of our customers in a growing
marketplace.

I'll now turn the call over to Marshall, who will take you through our financial highlights in greater detail.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Good afternoon. I will describe the highlights of our performance on a non-GAAP or pro forma basis. I will
also summarize our GAAP performance later in my prepared remarks. A reconciliation between our pro
forma and GAAP results is posted on our website. The information in our earnings release and within our
prepared remarks reflects the 3-for-1 stock split completed earlier in October.

Overall, third quarter procedures grew 20% year-over-year and reflected the impact of Delta variant
resurgence. COVID also impacted third quarter 2020 procedures, making year-over-year comparisons
complicated. In the U.S., procedures grew 16%, reflecting the impact the COVID resurgence had on
hospital resources regionally.

The impact of the resurgence was most pronounced in August and early September, and regionally, in the
South and Southeast. Later in the quarter, as COVID cases began to slow, procedures began to recover.
However, it is difficult to estimate the extent to which this resurgence or future resurgences will impact da
Vinci procedures.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Year-over-year OUS procedures grew 30%, with the impact of COVID varying regionally. In Europe, COVID
had a greater impact in Italy and France and less in U.K. and Germany. While there continued to be COVID
hotspots within some of our Asia Pacific markets, overall procedures in the region performed well. China
growth in the third quarter continued to be far higher than other regions, primarily reflecting system
installation growth over the past year.

Relative to the beginning of the pandemic, many hospitals are able to better manage increased COVID
patient hospitalization. However, staffing shortages and hospital supply chain issues are challenging some
hospital capacities and could impact deferrable procedures, including da Vinci procedures going forward.
Jamie will provide additional procedure commentary later in this call.

Key business metrics for the third quarter were as follows: third quarter 2021 procedures increased
approximately 20% compared with third quarter 2020 and decreased approximately 3% compared with
last quarter, compound annual growth between the second quarters of 2019 and 2021 was 13.5%, third
quarter system placements of 336 systems increased 72% compared with 195 systems for the third
quarter of 2020 and increased 2% compared with 328 systems last quarter. We expanded our installed
base of da Vinci systems over the last year by 11% to approximately 6,525 systems. This growth rate
compares with 8% last year and 10% last quarter.

Utilization of clinical systems in the field, measured by procedures per system, increased approximately
9% compared with last year and decreased 6% compared with last quarter. The compounded annual
utilization growth rate between the third quarters of 2019 and 2021 was 3%.

Moving on to capital placement. System placements in the quarter reflected a continued trend of IDN
multisystem purchases and were driven by procedure growth and hospitals upgrading in order to access
or standardize on fourth-generation capabilities. Looking forward, we see the following capital revenue
dynamics. Procedure growth drives capital purchases in many of our markets. To the extent that COVID
impacts procedures, it will also impact capital purchases.

The trade-in cycle has been a tailwind to system placements. However, as the installed base of older
generation product declines, the number of trade-ins will decline over time. Leasing and alternative
financing arrangements enable customer access to our systems. While the percentage of systems placed
under operating leases fluctuates quarter-to-quarter, we believe leasing will increase as a percentage
of sales over time, which will result in the deferral of otherwise current revenue into future periods.
Macroeconomic conditions created by COVID could regionally impact hospital capital spending. And
as competition progresses in various markets, we will likely experience longer selling cycles and price
pressures.

Additional revenue statistics and trends are as follows: Third quarter revenue was $1.4 billion,
representing a 30% increase from last year and a 4% decrease from the last quarter. The compound
annual revenue growth rate between the third quarters of 2019 and 2021 was 12%. The year-over-year
revenue increase reflected growth in both procedures and system placements. The decrease relative to the
second quarter of 2021 reflects lower instrument and accessory revenue associated with lower procedures
and increased leasing as a percentage of placements.

Leasing represented 41% of current quarter placements compared with 35% last year and 33% last
quarter. Leasing as a percentage of total sales has and will continue to fluctuate with customer and
geographic mix. However, we anticipate more customers will seek leasing or alternative financing
arrangements than reflected in historical run rates.

40% of systems placed in the third quarter involved trade-ins, which is consistent with the 40% last year
and higher than the 38% last quarter. As customers continue to upgrade to fourth-generation capabilities,
the population of installed Sis is decreasing, particularly in U.S., where 97 trade-ins were completed in the
third quarter, leaving an installed base of Sis of approximately 425 systems. As a result, we expect lower
trade-out transactions over time. Trade-in activity can fluctuate and be difficult to predict.

Third quarter average selling prices increased to $1.57 million from $1.55 million for both the third quarter
of 2020 and the second quarter of 2021. Average selling prices will fluctuate with geographic and product

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

mix. Consistent with historical patterns, we expect a higher mix of systems sold to distributors in the
fourth quarter which carry lower prices.

We recognized $25 million of lease buyout revenue in the third quarter compared with $17 million last
year and $26 million last quarter. Lease buyout revenue has varied significantly quarter-to-quarter and
will likely continue to do so. Instrument and accessory revenue per procedure of $1,900 decreased slightly
compared with $1,910 per procedure for the third quarter of last year and decreased compared with
$1,940 per procedure in the second quarter. The year-over-year change reflects increased usage of
extended use instruments, mostly offset by increased usage of our advanced instruments. The decrease
from the previous quarter reflects customers continuing to adjust their instrument buying patterns to
reflect the additional uses per instrument included in extended use instruments.

10 of the systems placed in the third quarter were SP systems. Our installed base of SP systems is now
89, 10 in Korea and 79 in the U.S. We continue our measured rollout of SP as we work on gathering
clinical data to gain additional procedure clearances in the U.S.

We placed 28 Ion systems in the quarter, bringing the installed base to 98 systems. There were
approximately 2,000 Ion procedures completed in the third quarter. Ion system placements and
procedures are excluded from our overall da Vinci system and procedure counts. Our rollout of Ion is
progressing well.

Outside the U.S., we placed 109 systems in the third quarter compared with 79 in the third quarter of
2020 and 115 systems last quarter. Current quarter system placements included 47 into Europe, 20 into
Japan and 17 into China compared with 39 into Europe, 15 into Japan and 12 into China in the third
quarter of 2020. We also placed 9 systems in Brazil in the third quarter and now have placed 23 systems
in Brazil over the past 4 quarters.

Moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Pro forma gross margin for the third quarter of 2021
was 71.3% compared with 70.2% for the third quarter of 2020 and 71.7% last quarter. The third quarter
of 2020 included $23 million of service credits issued in conjunction with our Customer Relief Program,
higher period costs associated with lower production levels and higher excess and obsolete inventory
charges.

The decline in gross margin relative to the second quarter primarily reflects product mix. Product and
customer mix fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, which can cause fluctuations in gross margins.

COVID has impacted global supplies of semiconductors and other materials used in our products. While to
date, we've been able to secure supply necessary to ensure fulfillment of customer demand, our teams are
expending significant time and effort to bridge future supply with demand. To date, we have experienced
immaterial component cost increases and freight expedition fees. However, global shortages could result in
future supply disruption as well as delayed development and regulatory activities. We also expect supply
issues to result in higher production costs.

Pro forma operating expenses increased 21% compared with the third quarter of 2020 and increased 2%
compared with last quarter. The increase compared to the prior year reflects costs associated with higher
headcount, increased variable compensation and increased spending in areas impacted by COVID. Third
quarter spending was below our expectations due to delays in headcount hiring and lower spending on
activities restricted by COVID, including clinical development, marketing events and travel costs.

In addition, COVID delayed some R&D work resulting in underspend on prototypes. We expect spending
on activities restricted by COVID to increase as the impacts of the pandemic decline. We also expect
spending to increase as a percentage of revenue as investments in headcount, infrastructure and other
support areas catch up to the growth of the business. Finally, we expect to continue to invest in expanding
and accelerating our ecosystem of products and capabilities. Jamie will provide spend guidance later in this
call.

Our pro forma effective tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 24%. We recorded expense
of $11 million associated with periods prior to 2020 related to guidance recently provided by the IRS
associated with stock-based compensation. We expect our pro forma tax rate for the fourth quarter to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

be approximately 21.5%. Our actual tax rate will fluctuate with changes in geographic mix of income,
changes in taxation made by local authorities and with the impact of onetime items.

Our third quarter pro forma net income was $435 million or $1.19 per share compared with $334 million
or $0.92 per share for the third quarter of 2020 and $477 million or $1.31 per share for the last quarter.
Third quarter 2021 and 2020 included pretax gains of approximately $8 million and $62 million associated
with investments in companies that resulted from development agreements entered into in prior years.

I will now summarize our GAAP results. GAAP net income was $381 million or $1.04 per share for the third
quarter of 2021 compared with GAAP net income of $314 million or $0.87 per share for the third quarter
of 2020, and GAAP net income of $517 million or $1.42 per share for last quarter.

We ended the quarter with cash and investments of $8.2 billion compared with $7.7 billion last quarter.
The increase in cash in the third quarter primarily reflected cash from operations and stock exercises. We
did not repurchase any shares in the quarter.

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Jamie.

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Thank you, Marshall.

Our overall third quarter procedure growth was approximately 20% compared to growth of 7% during the
third quarter of 2020. Q3 procedure growth reflected 16% growth in U.S. procedures and 30% growth
in OUS markets. In the U.S., procedures in Q3 were adversely impacted by an increase in COVID-related
hospitalizations due to the Delta variant. Procedures were particularly impacted in those states with
relatively lower vaccination rates.

As the number of COVID-related hospitalizations peaked and began to improve in September, we
saw U.S. procedures start to recover. Q3 growth reflected relative strength in bariatrics procedures,
cholecystectomy and hernia repair. In the more mature procedure categories, year-over-year growth in
prostatectomy was strong relative to historical averages and benign hysterectomy grew in the low single-
digit range.

Third quarter OUS procedure volume grew approximately 30% compared with 9% growth for the third
quarter of 2020. Third quarter 2021 OUS procedures were driven by growth in prostatectomy and earlier
stage growth in general surgery, gynecology, kidney cancer procedures and thoracic surgery. China
procedure growth remained strong and broad-based as a result of continued expansion of the installed
base under the current quota and the addition and training of surgeons new to the da Vinci platform.

Growth in Japan was solid but was impacted by localized lockdowns stemming from ongoing efforts to
prevent resurgences of COVID. Growth in Korea was also solid, primarily driven by gynecology, urology
and head and neck procedures. A little more than half of the procedures in these 3 key Asian markets are
outside of urology.

In Europe, procedure growth varied by country based on the relative impact of the Delta variant and the
impact of COVID-related mitigation measures. Growth in the U.K. and Germany was solid with procedure
growth in France and Italy impacted by reduced capacity for surgery as hospitals reserved resources for
potential increases in COVID patients.

During Q3, customers in the U.S. and Europe effectively consumed their remaining inventory of 10-life
instruments following the launch of extended use instruments in those regions in Q4 of last year. With
this full adoption in the U.S., customers are benefiting from I&A per procedure costs that are reduced
by approximately 10% in lower acuity procedures such as cholecystectomy and hernia repair. In Europe,
customers are benefiting from an even larger reduction in I&A costs for targeted procedures.

While recent procedure trends are confounded by the various waves of the pandemic, we believe, based
on customer feedback, the adoption of extended use instruments is having a positive impact on targeted
procedures. In our new platform, Ion procedures increased almost fourfold as compared to Q3 of 2020,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

driven by a significant expansion of the number of systems at customers and an increase in usage in
the existing installed base. Our single port platform, which is gated by additional regional and clinical
clearances showed solid performance with almost 50% year-over-year procedure growth.

Now turning to the clinical side of our business. Each quarter on these calls, we highlight certain recently
published studies that we deem to be notable. However, to gain a more complete understanding of the
body of evidence, we encourage all stakeholders to thoroughly review the extensive detail of scientific
studies that have been published over the years.

During the quarter, Dr. Michael Kent from Beth Israel Deaconess Center, Harvard Medical School in Boston,
Massachusetts, published results from a landmark multicenter pulmonary open, robotic and thoracoscopic
lobectomy or PORTaL study in the Annals of Surgery. This retrospective study sponsored by Intuitive
compared lobectomy outcomes associated with open VATS and robotic-assisted da Vinci surgery with over
6,000 cases included in this analysis.

After one-to-one propensity score matching, a comparison of open and da Vinci lobectomies with
approximately 800 patients in each group showed a 2-day shorter length of stay and a 9.5% lower
rate of prolonged hospital stay associated with da Vinci lobectomies. The da Vinci cohort also had an
approximately 8-minute shorter mean OR time for cases without a concomitant procedure. Postoperative
complications were approximately 9% lower with the da Vinci robotic approach. With regards to the
propensity score match comparison of minimally invasive approaches with over 1,700 patients in each
group, the da Vinci approach evidenced a 1.1-day shorter mean length of stay and a 6.1% low rate of
conversion to thoracotomy when compared to VATS, with the differences in conversion rates reported for
each tumor stage in the analysis.

The authors concluded in part, "In this retrospective multi-institutional data analysis, both robotic-assisted
and VATS lobectomy were associated with improved perioperative outcomes compared to open lobectomy.
Robotic-assisted lobectomy was associated with additional differences compared to VATS such as a
reduced length of stay and conversion rate."

In August of this year, Professor Umberto Bracale from the University of Naples Federico II in Naples, Italy,
published a systematic review with meta-analysis of transversus abdominis release or TAR for ventral
hernia repair, assessing short-term outcomes of the open and robotic-assisted approaches. The meta-
analysis combined 6 studies containing over 800 patients, of which just over 200 patients underwent
robotic-assisted da Vinci surgery and just under 600 patients who underwent the open approach. Results
of this meta-analysis found that the robotic-assisted approach was associated with a 4.4-day shorter
length of stay, 64% lower risk of postoperative complications and 79% lower risk of developing systemic
complications. Readmission and reoperations were comparable between both groups.

The authors concluded in part, "Based on the data from the meta-analysis, the robotic approach for TAR
seems safe and feasible even in more difficult cases. Robotic-assisted TAR shows the common advantages
of minimally invasive procedures that improve short-term outcomes with significant benefits in the early
postoperative period."

Lastly, as noted in yesterday's press release, preliminary results from the PRECIsE study evaluating
outcomes associated with the Ion endoluminal system were presented at the annual CHEST conference.
This preliminary analysis of 69 subjects showed a diagnostic yield of 83% with a sensitivity of malignancy
of 84% to 88% from the biopsy of peripheral pulmonary nodules with a mean size of 17 millimeters. These
initial outcomes regarding the performance of the Ion system are encouraging, and we look forward to the
full study being published in the second half of 2022.

I will now turn to our financial outlook for 2021. During Q3, we experienced a more challenging supply
chain environment with a deterioration in on-time delivery performance from our suppliers. We also saw
increased supply chain costs. While this did not have a material impact to our operating results in Q3, the
outlook we are providing does not reflect any potential significant disruption or additional costs related to
supply constraints.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Starting with procedures. Last quarter, we forecast 2021 procedure growth of 27% to 30%. Given Q3
results and the impact of the Delta variant, we are now narrowing our forecast and expect full year 2021
procedure growth of 27% to 29%. This procedure outlook does not reflect a significant impact from OR
staffing shortages or a resurgence of COVID-19. The high end of the range assumes that COVID-19-
related hospitalizations in the U.S. continue the recovery that began in September and that COVID-related
mitigation measures in OUS markets continue to ease.

Turning to gross profit. On our last call, we forecast our 2021 full year pro forma gross profit margin to be
within 70.5% and 71.5% of revenue. We now expect 2021 pro forma gross profit margin to be within 71%
and 71.5% of revenue. This range does not reflect any significant disruption associated with the current
supply chain challenges. Our actual gross profit margin will vary quarter-to-quarter depending largely on
product, regional and trade-in mix the impact of product cost reductions and manufacturing efficiencies
and competitive pricing pressure.

With respect to operating expenses, on our last call, we forecast to grow full year pro forma 2021
operating expenses between 17% and 21% above 2020 levels. We are refining our estimate and now
expect our full year pro forma operating expense growth to be between 17% and 19%. We expect our
noncash stock compensation expense to range between $450 million and $460 million in 2021. With
regard to pro forma other income, which is comprised mostly of interest income, we expect a range of
between $50 million and $55 million in 2021. Finally, with respect to income tax, we expect our Q4 2021
pro forma tax rate to be approximately 21.5% of pretax income.
That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the call to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Amit Hazan with Goldman Sachs.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I want to come back to the supply chain comment first. Just to ask you how visibility looks for
componentry now versus maybe a little bit earlier this year, what lead times look like now, sounds tighter,
just a little more color around that. And to what extent have you kind of already been able to either kind
of double order or for lack of a better term, I guess, or stockpile this year and how viable of an option
does that remain for you?

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think, Amit, this is Marshall. The environment as it relates to supply chain has deteriorated, gotten
more difficult over time. And as we said, we've dedicated substantial resources to dealing with those
shortages and has not to date created an issue with us supplying customer demand. But there is a
risk and it's a real risk. And so we call it out to make sure that everybody is aware of that. From the
perspective of cost, we saw some increased material costs last quarter. They were not significant. And we
also incurred some expediting fees associated with freight, again, not material. But going forward, we do
expect cost, increased cost that will probably hit the margin in Q4 or Q1. It's hard to predict exactly how
much. And so I think that kind of summarizes it for you. It's a difficult environment right now.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

I'd just say, I think our supply chain and manufacturing teams are doing great. I think they're working in a
tough macro environment, and that macro environment will clear up when it clears up.

Operator

Next question, we go to Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just 2 for me, one on Ion, Gary, and then one on procedures. So the PRECIsE data looked good yesterday.
I guess the question is, do you think the early data suggests your shape-sensing technology can lead
to better yields and lower pneumothorax rates versus your main competitor, which uses a different
technology? And how much of a catalyst do you think the data from yesterday will be for Ion? And I just
had one follow-up.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think that the architecture as a whole, the shape sensor, the way it works, the design choices about
making a soft catheter that's quite thin and can go deep into the lung has been really strong for us, and I
think the data speaks for itself. You can compare for yourself the data that folks using Ion are producing
and that from Monarch. And we feel great about where we are.

I think it is catalyzing. As we speak, I think that those results are helping us in the market. Our customers
are giving us really good feedback. And we continue to invest in the operations part of that program as
well as the innovation side. We feel really good about it.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And then on procedures, I guess it sounds like most or if not all, major markets are moving in the right
direction. I'd love to hear a little bit more color, particularly on the U.S. And it sounds like, Jamie, and by
the way, congratulations on the new role. It sounds like we should expect normal seasonality in Q4. When
we look at 2018 and 2019, the sequential procedure growth was very similar worldwide, U.S. and OUS. Is
it possible that it could be a little stronger given that we're seeing a recovery?

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. Thank you, Larry, by the way. I would say this, what's reflected in the high end of our procedure
guidance is really 2 things that COVID-19-related hospitalizations in the U.S. continue the recovery
that began in September, and that was kind of in the middle part of September that, that recovery
commenced. So there's a progression there that continues through Q4.

It also assumes that the mitigation measures in OUS markets, which are typically a little more
conservative than we see in the U.S., continue to ease. And those also started to ease in September. At
the low end, what we see is a slower recovery in the U.S. from what we saw in Q3 and choppiness OUS in
terms of kind of the on/off of mitigation measures in various markets. And so that range of 27% to 29%
that we provided really is just a function of the rate at which we recover from what occurred in Q3 with
the Delta variant.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

A little color on that, it's me just jumping in. I think there's 2 things that are going on. One is, what
will pace us is hospital availability for surgery, right? It's not infection rate. It's going to be resource
consumption at the hospital and their ability to pivot their resources, both human capital and facilities
back towards surgery. As you double-click on that, some of it is regional variance, but some of it is
actually just hospital system variance. There's differences in how each hospital is managing it. So it's hard
to generalize, I think, beware of averages.

Operator

Next question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just to follow up on that last question. So for Jamie or Marshall, I guess. Therefore, does the procedure
volumes that you are forecasting for Q4, is that assuming improving year-over-year growth in Q4 versus
the year-over-year growth in Q3 or about the same?

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. I think what's implied by the guidance that we provided, at the low end, Q4 year-over-year growth
will be 15%. At the high end, it will be 22%. So you compare that to what we showed in Q3 of 20%. Then
you see kind of the range is above and below what we recorded in Q3. And I think, again, it just reflects
both the year-over-year comparison in terms of the base for Q4 in 2020 as well as the range of scenarios
in terms of what actually occurs with procedures in Q4.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. And then just one quick one for Gary. I was struck by your comments in your opening remarks
about how your multiport systems now have 70 clinical uses. And I was curious if you could just elaborate
on that a little bit. Is that 70 different surgical procedures or how are you characterizing clinical uses? That
sounds like an interesting number.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That's right. It's the number of kind of different procedures that's described in our labeling as to
where this might be used in the body or in a subspecialty. So you look at urology, there's a handful of
different procedures that it can be used for and likewise, gynecology, general surgery. And as you just
walked through, that's a set of procedures for which we've engaged the agency and put in our labeling. So
they're quite broadly applied.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. My model only has 10. So I guess I have some work to do.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

And we're not done. I think surgeons and we and regulatory agencies around the world continue to
explore where else technologies like ours can go.

Operator

Next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I want to see if you can elaborate a little bit more on the staffing shortage comments. I know this isn't
maybe fully baked in the guidance, but how much risk do you think this presents? How widespread is
it? Obviously, it's a very tight labor market, but is this something you're seeing across most of your
customers? Or how would you characterize it?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

You're referring to the customer side?

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Correct.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jamie, why don't you talk a little bit about it.

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. We've had anecdotal inputs from some customers that they're facing staffing shortages. Other
customers have said to us that they're able to overcome those risks. And so given kind of the mix
dynamics and the lack of clear evidence in terms of its impact on procedures. And what we've said is, the
remainder of the year guidance does not reflect any significant disruption from OR staffing shortages,
meaning that there's no deterioration in that phenomenon for hospitals.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then another dynamic you flagged was just kind of the selling cycle. Obviously, early days on
the competitive front. But on the back of the CE mark for Medtronic, I'm just curious, out of Europe, what
you're hearing from your sales reps just in terms of early interest, potential demos, things like that?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think with several of the other systems that are on the market and as you say, the most recent
one, we see early engagement. Those first engagements tend to be a placement of clinical trial sites and
training centers and so on. So they're not surprising. They're kind of the early access programs to get into
the market. So far, there are a fair number of claims about what these new systems will do.

And I think the reality is time will tell. Their Gen 1 systems, I think evidence has to be generated to back
up those claims. And so far, we don't see anything yet that looks like evidence, just a set of claims. So
we'll keep serving our customer, doing what we can to make sure that they can achieve the quadruple aim
and we'll see how other companies do.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Maybe last one. We on the sell-side always get the question about a new system from you guys. It seems
like that's picked up a little bit lately. You're putting up good system numbers. I'm curious in your view,
is that something the market needs right now? What are you willing to say if anything at all about the
appetite for another system from you guys or anything you may be working on?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

First thing is that, we think there is room for innovation on all the platforms we have. So whether it's
multiport and Gen 4, we continue to innovate. We've done a lot of sequential innovation on Gen 4. So
our X and Xi are different. We continue to invest both in incremental opportunities and in deeper, bigger
opportunities on multiport. And as we're ready to roll those out, you'll hear about it.

We brought to market SP. We continue to innovate on SP and get sequential products and clearances
globally for SP. And likewise, Ion, which is having great success really in its first indication, but we think
has opportunities deeper in the body and in different locations in the body, which will proceed and describe
over time. So yes, I think you should expect continued innovation from us.

As to whether we think that we're in immediate need of something, we are innovating at a pace where
we think we can bring things that matter to the quadruple aim, not so much an idea of what's our retail
strategy, but more can we do something that changes quadruple aim or otherwise improves the customer
experience. And that's what we're focused on.

Operator

Next question comes from Rick Wise with Stifel.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

One focused question and then a larger picture one. Gary, in your opening comments, you mentioned that
extended life instruments, if I understood you, have reached, I think your word was equilibrium. I just
want to make sure I understood what you're implying. Does that suggest that the initial phase of adoption
has happened and we're going to see better growth ex sort of an initial stocking ASP impact? And is there
a second round of instruments? This has been so successful, how should we think about all that?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

With regard to what I meant by equilibrium, it was really that the initial stocking orders and the transition
from older instruments to newer is largely taking place, but I'll let Jamie answer that more carefully than I
just did.

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Actually, I think that's right, Gary. There's a period of time when as we launched extended use
instruments, customers in the U.S. and Europe in particular were ordering those instruments at a rate
higher than their usage. As they consume their 10-life instruments, that took some time to get into parity.
And so you saw in the end a positive benefit to I&A per procedure in Q1 and Q2, Q3 for those regions that
largely came to parity.

We did launch extended use instruments later in Asia and some of the rest of the world countries. And
so they are still kind of working their way to parity. So there will be small downward pressure on I&A per
procedure, holding everything else equal as they get to parity looking forward.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

The second half of your question, just to finish it, you talked about, are we done? Is that it for these kinds
of ideas? And extended use instruments and da Vinci X, these were design and process investments that
we made to pursue what we think of as the virtuous cycle. The idea that if we can improve quality and
lower cost for our customers that they can use our products in more and different procedures and we're
not done doing that. It may not look exactly like what we've done in the past. There are other things that
we think we can do that allow them high-value systems at different price points or high-value instruments
at different price points. So that line of reasoning has not exhausted itself.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

All right. And Gary, just one last big picture question. Obviously, you've created 2 new senior leadership
roles here for Marshall and for Dave Rosa. Maybe just if you could just flesh out your thinking. Is it simply
and it would be enough that Intuitive has gotten so large and complex and the future is so bright, you
just need more senior leadership, focused leadership? Or what are you charging? What are you expecting?
What should we expect from Marshall and Dave in coming years?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Thank you for that question. Over the last few years, we've had an expansion of business and expansion
of opportunity, both are happening. On the business side, we want to make sure that we serve our
customers at very high quality, quickly in local regions where we can and that we take advantage of a lot
of the systems and enterprise data that we have to help drive the business in and help our customer. And
that's something that Marshall has been doing, and I've asked him to double down on that, to make sure
that we can really take advantage of our global scale and serve our customers and our business really well
at that scale. And it's an opportunity and it's real work.

The flip side is, I have never been more positive about the long-term opportunity for companies like ours
that can master the kinds of things that we have to do to help minimally invasive care and interventions.
And so there's real opportunity there. And I'd like us to get there quickly to have the agility and focus
to be able to open new ideas and new architectures and new markets. And I can think of nobody more
qualified to lead that effort than Dave Rosa, who has visited just about all parts of the company, started
off as an engineer and scientist and has done many things for us. So we're really trying to get the
advantages of scale to help our global customers and also be agile on capitalizing on growth opportunities
as we see them.

Operator

Next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I was hoping maybe, Marshall, you could talk a little bit more about the supply chain issues from the
standpoint of just helping us get visibility or understand how close you are to the edge there. And
meaning, you keep calling out this risk that exists, but it sounds like you've been doing a really good

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

job of managing things so far. Is there any benchmark numbers you can give us to help us understand
what the lead times are in some of these key things that could get disrupted or the likelihood that it will
happen. Is it getting better or is there a real risk of you not being able to ship some kind of product is, I
guess, the core of the question.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I don't think I can say it's getting better. I actually think that it's a difficult situation and will continue
for some time. If you think about the one that's been talked about the most is semiconductors. You've
seen it in the auto industry as an issue in computers. And if you had to order any home goods that
contained chips, you would know that there's a problem there.

That will take a long time to remedy. It takes a long time to build fabs. It takes a long time to produce
product. And I think that will go well into next year are the predictions that we're hearing. I think Gary
told you, our team has done a marvelous job so far. So I think there are issues on a regular basis. And the
issues so far, our team has been able to resolve those.

I don't have any statistics to provide you on how often or what it means. I would just say that some,
anecdotally, some lead times have extended beyond 6 months. That's not all products, and it's not an
average you should apply to everything. But in some cases, it's pretty long. And so I think you -- it's a
problem we highlight just to make sure that you're aware of the risk.

Operator

We have a follow-up question from Amit Hazan with Goldman Sachs.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. So I thought maybe just to follow up on the supply chain question was just a little bit more on just
inflationary headwinds generally. And Marshall, just how you're seeing labor cost growth today versus
kind of early in the year or more normal times and raw material cost growth versus normal, more normal
times? And just how to, for us to start thinking about these things along with what you commented on the
supply chain for next year, just qualitatively as we start to think about where operating margins might go?

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

We've seen some cost increases. Again, they haven't been that significant. And frankly, our teams have
done a marvelous job with sort of with efficiency and effectiveness to offset those increased costs. But
we're hearing from suppliers that they're going to raise their prices. And so we're saying that, hey, we
expect that costs will go up more. I'm not sure I want to say that the inflation word has hit us and it's here
to stay, but we are seeing some suppliers raise cost.

Operator

Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Gary, maybe 2 quick ones for you. The PRECIsE study, 83% diagnostic resolution. Is that good enough,
Gary? I mean, certainly, the headline numbers when you look at other studies, it's a good number, but I'm
just curious, is this the point where the market awakens to these numbers and should we see an inflection
in adoption of Ion?

And just one quick one on 3Q. I know you called out the Delta, but was there any labor shortage impact
in 3Q itself? Because historically, we haven't seen the pandemic impact where Intuitive has outperformed
peers. It's just perhaps a little excessive in 3Q. Was there something else going on?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Okay. On the first one, in terms of diagnostic yield, you had said 82%. And I guess what I'd advise
everybody is, there's a couple of numbers that are important and they stay linked together. And that
is, what is the size of the lesion? And then what's the positive diagnostic rate, the ability to definitively
diagnose? That's what the interventional pulmonologists are looking at.

So the bigger the lesion, if it's a 3-centimeter lesion, your diagnostic yield rate is going to go up, your
definitive diag, because it's easier to hit. So you got to look at both numbers. It's not a single metric. So
82% for smaller lesions is leading as far as I can tell for endobronchial approaches for that approach.
Some folks can get to higher yield rates, but they're hitting bigger targets. So you need to look at both,
and that's what I encourage you to do.

The second thing that I advise you is that, there are other ways to examine or get a biopsy. There can be
outside the body, CT-guided needle biopsies. And those outside the body CT-guided needle biopsies have
high success rates at gathering the tissue, but they have a lower safety profile than the endobronchial
approach. So there's kind of a third dimension, which is, did you get the tissue you needed to get a
definitive diagnosis? How big was the lesion you were trying to target? And what was the complication
rate?

And we think that Ion is really good at managing all 3 of those relative to competitive approaches. And
we're seeing a nice uptick as a result. And is that a tipping point? We'll see. So far so good. That's what
we had expected. This kind of performance, that's what we were targeting. But we're pleased to see it
being borne out over multiple sites and multiple customers, and we think that's going to be helpful.

With regard to your second question, you were talking a little bit about, are we seeing an unusual or more
aggressive slowdown because of Delta than perhaps others? What I'd encourage you to think about there
is, where in the world everybody is exposed and where they're seeing their growth. So in our case, we
have a certain regional profile and where our procedures are being done. Other companies may have
much bigger exposure to, say, markets or countries that had a lower impact having to do with Delta.
Frankly, I think, it's as simple as that, but time will tell on that as well.

So let's go ahead and conclude. That was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there's a
substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams
continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have
termed the quadruple aim: better, more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients,
better experiences for their care teams and ultimately, a lower total cost of care.

We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It follows from respect for
and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. Thank you for your
support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to speaking with you again in 3 months.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation
and for using AT&T Event Conferencing. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

