Invesco Ltd. NYSE:IVZ
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 26, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.73

0.77

Revenue  (mm)

1331.38

1333.50

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2021 5:16 AM GMT

5.48

0.15

0.77

2.96

3.04

1373.16

5264.84

5514.41

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.57

0.62

0.70

0.73

0.72

0.68

0.78

0.77

26.32 %

9.68 %

11.43 %

5.48 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Patrick Davitt
Autonomous Research LLP

Robert Andrew Lee
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Unknown Attendee

William Raymond Katz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Presentation

Unknown Attendee

Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. As a reminder, this conference call and the related
presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflects management's expectation about
future events and overall operating plans and performance.

These forward-looking statements are made as of today and are not guarantees. They involve risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially
from our expectations. For a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, please see the risks described in
our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC.

Invesco makes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We may also discuss non-GAAP
financial measures during today's call. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures may be found
at the end of our earnings presentation.

Operator

Welcome to Invesco's Third Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is
being recorded.

[Operator Instructions]

Now I would like to turn the call over to your speakers for today, Marty Flanagan, President and CEO of
Invesco; and Allison Dukes, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Flanagan, you may begin.

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, operator. I appreciate it very much. And thanks, everybody, for joining us. And I'll make a few
comments and turn it over to Allison so she can see the quarter in more depth, and then we'll open up to
Q&A as we always do.

And hoping everybody is staying safe and healthy as we continue to return to normalcy. And I know we're
all looking for that pace to continue in the months ahead. We continue to have a high level of engagement
with our clients, which is even more important as we navigate the market uncertainty brought about by
the end of economic and market upside surprises we experienced from the depths of COVID. Helping our
clients by providing insights and solutions, utilizing our broad range of capabilities.

This approach has helped us deliver strong, consistent growth over the past 5 quarters. And as you can
see on Slide 3, if you're following along on the deck, net long-term flows were $13.3 billion during the
quarter. This represents over 4% annualized long-term organic growth for the quarter.

Growth was driven by continued strength in a number of our key capabilities, including ETFs, fixed income,
China solutions, alternatives and global equities. Strategically, we continue to invest in areas where we
see client demand were a competitive strength. And since the third quarter of last year, we generated $86
billion of long-term inflows and an average quarterly organic growth rate of 6%.

Five consecutive quarters of strong growth have the direct result of the investments we've made over time
to enhance and evolve our business to meet client needs. ETFs, excluding the Qs, generated long-term
inflows of $3.7 billion in the quarter with strong market share gains in our EMEA ETF range.

In private markets, we generated net long-term inflows in our direct real estate business, $1.2 billion, and
robust bank loan product demand resulted in net long-term inflows of $2 billion during the quarter. This
included the launch of a new CLO.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

We generated net long-term inflows of $11 billion within active fixed income across the platform. And
within active global equities, the developing markets fund a key capability that came over when we
combined with Oppenheimer, continue to see net long-term inflows of $700 million during the quarter.

That said, we remain focused and continue to work on areas where there's opportunity for improvement.
In addition, our solutions-enabled institutional pipeline, accounts for 38% of the pipeline at quarter end.
Third quarter flows included net long-term inflows of $6.8 billion from Greater China. Our China business
continues to be a source of strength and differentiation for Invesco. We continue to expect the Chinese
investment management industry to be the fastest growing market in the world for the foreseeable future.
We were an early entrant 20 years ago, and we are benefiting from that commitment and investment, and
we expect to see continued growth in the years ahead.

Before I turn the call over to Allison, who will provide more information on the China business and the
results, I'd like to note that the growth we are experiencing is driving positive operating leverage, reducing
adjusted operating margin of 42% for the quarter.

The strong cash flow being generated from our business improved our cash position and helping build a
stronger balance sheet and improving our financial flexibility for the future. Invesco's depth and breadth of
capabilities and competitive strengths position us well as we look forward. We continue to focus our efforts
on delivering positive outcomes for our clients while driving future growth.

And with that, let me turn it over to Allison.

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everyone. Moving to Slide 4. Our investment performance was strong
in the third quarter with 72% and 74% of actively managed funds in the top half of peers for being
benchmarked on a 5-year and a 10-year basis.

This reflected continued strength in fixed income, global equities, including emerging market equities and
Asian equities, all areas where we continue to see demand from clients globally.

Moving to Slide 5. We ended the quarter with $1.529 trillion in AUM, a net increase of $3.6 billion. As
Marty noted earlier, our diversified platform generated net long-term inflows in the third quarter of $13.3
billion, representing a 4.4% annualized organic growth rate. Active AUM net long-term inflows were $6.8
billion and passive AUM net long-term inflows were $6.5 billion.

Market declines in FX rate changes led to a decrease in AUM of $18.6 billion in the quarter. The retail
channel generated net long-term inflows of $1.8 billion, driven by positive ETF flows and inflows in Greater
China. The institutional channel demonstrated the breadth of our platform and generated net long-term
inflows of $11.5 billion in the quarter, with diverse mandates, both regionally and by capabilities funding in
the period.

Regarding retail net inflows, our ETF, excluding the QQQ, generated net long-term inflows of $3.7 billion.
Year-to-date, we have captured global ETF market share. Our global ETF platform, again, excluding the
QQQ, captured a 3.8% market share of flows, which exceeded our 2.7% market share of AUM.

We have also captured a higher share of the global ETF revenue pool over this period. Our market share
of the revenue pool was 5.6%. Net ETF inflows in the United States does include net long-term inflows
of $900 million into our QQQ innovation suite, which crossed $3 billion in AUM, 1 year after its launch.
Our EMEA-based ETF range generated $2.5 billion of net long-term inflows in the quarter, with particular
strength from the IBC's S&P 500 UCITS ETF and the gold exchange traded commodity fund.

Looking at flows by geography on Slide 6, you'll note that the Americas had net long-term inflows of $4.8
billion in the quarter driven by net inflows into ETF, as mentioned, as well as our institutional flows. Asia
Pacific, again, delivered another strong quarter with net long-term inflows of $9.3 billion. Net inflows were
diversified across the region, reflecting $6.8 billion of net long-term inflows from Greater China, most of
which arose in our JV and $3.1 billion from Japan.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Turning to flows across asset classes. We continue to see broad strength in fixed income in the third
quarter with net long-term flows of $11 billion. Drivers of fixed income flows include institutional net
flows into various fixed income strategies through our China JV, global investment grade, stable value and
municipal strategies.

Our alternative asset class holds many different capabilities, and this is reflected in the flows that we saw
in the third quarter. Net long-term flows and alternatives were $2.3 billion, driven primarily by our private
markets business through a combination of inflows from direct real estate, the newly launched CLO that
Marty mentioned and senior loan capabilities.

When excluding global GTR net outflows of $1.7 billion, alternative net long-term inflows were $4 billion.
The strength of our alternatives platform can be seen through the flow that is generated over the past 5
quarters with net long-term flows totaling $12 billion and organic's growth rate that's averaging nearly 6%
per quarter over this time when excluding the impact of the GTR net outflows over this period.

Turning to Slide 7. I wanted to spend a few minutes on our business in China, particularly given the level
of flows we have seen from the region over the last several quarters and the high level of interest in our
business there. Invesco launched the first Sino U.S. JV in China in 2003 as Invesco Great Wall. We've been
in the market for almost 2 decades with a unique JV structure and relationship with our partner. How we
operate in China is differentiated from others that have joint ventures. While we have 49% ownership of
the JV, our partner is a Chinese government-backed power company and has been a good partner.

We've been leading the management of the JV, leveraging our global asset management expertise since
the inception of this partnership. We run the business in China with Chinese management, and our clients
are Chinese investors. China's fund management industry is a very significant opportunity. In 20 years, it
has grown from almost nothing to around $3.5 trillion.

It's expected to become the second largest fund management market in the world by 2025 with assets
of over $6 trillion. Also, China is estimated to account for over 40% of global net flows through 2024.
Invesco, as an early entrant in China, has developed a strong and comprehensive platform covering all
business activities, including robust domestic investment capabilities with good long-term performance
track records.

We have very strong relationships with banks and insurance companies and digital distribution has been
a major contributor in recent years in terms of bringing in new onshore business. Key opportunities for
Invesco in China include mutual funds, institutional clients and sovereign wealth funds.

As China continues to open up and improve its capital markets, we also expect opportunities in pension
reform, global investors increasing interest in investing in Chinese investments and cross-border
investment opportunities. The relationships, the unique business model we established with our JV partner
and the amount of AUM we have sourced from Chinese onshore investors really sets us apart from other
global asset managers who are newer entrants in the Chinese market.

Moving to Slide 8. We have built a diversified business in China with over $99 billion in AUM at the end
of September. 60% of the AUM is from retail clients and 40% is institutional. We manage AUM in all
asset classes and distribution is unique. Digital distribution to retail investors have become a mainstream
channel, along with the traditional bank distribution channels, and this is not just for money market funds.

With our market position in tenure in China, we are beneficiaries of this trend. Our long-term commitment
and strong track record have put Invesco in an advantageous position and our strategic position and
continued investment in China has resulted in a 42% annual growth rate over the last 3 years to date. In
recognition of the strength of the business, Invesco was ranked the #1 China onshore business and the
#3 for an asset management firm in overall China in 2020.

Before we wrap up this discussion on China, in light of the recent developments around Evergrande, I
want to note that our overall exposure of a direct equity or fixed income holding across the complex,
including within our JV is de minimis. Market volatility in offshore markets, of course, doesn't impact AUM
levels and the market has been and could be volatile for future real estate developments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

We remain positive towards the fundamentals of China's economy, and most of the flows in our China
business come from domestic onshore clients. So if anything, we've seen a flight to quality as investors
look to NAV-based products like the ones IGW offers.

Now moving to Slide 9 to look at the institutional pipeline, which was $32 billion at the end of September.
The pipeline remains relatively consistent to prior quarter levels in terms of both asset and fee
composition. Overall, the pipeline is well diversified across asset classes and geographies. Our solutions
capability enabled 38% of the global institutional pipeline and created wins and customized mandates.
This has contributed to meaningful growth across our institutional network.

Turning to Slide 10. You'll note that net revenues increased $31 million, or 2.3%, from the second quarter
as a result of higher average AUM in the third quarter. The net revenue yield, excluding performance
fees, was 34.4 basis points, a decrease of 0.4 on the basis points from the second quarter yield level. The
decrease was mainly driven by asset mix shift, including higher QQQ and money market average balances.
The incremental impact from higher discretionary money market fee waivers was minimal relative to the
second quarter and the full impact on the net revenue yield for the third quarter was 0.6 of a basis point.

Looking forward, we expect the dynamics impacting net revenue yield will continue, the degree of which
will be influenced by market direction, especially if we see a divergence in performance in areas such as
developing or emerging markets where fees tend to be higher than our firm average.

We do expect the discretionary money market fee waivers to remain in place for the foreseeable future
until rates begin to recover to more normalized levels.

One other area I want to note before moving to expenses are performance fees. Historically, we have
realized meaningfully higher performance fees in the fourth quarter. These have been driven typically by a
few funds each year that have reached the point in their life cycle where they generate performance fees
usually in the fourth quarter.

This year, we do not expect to see performance fee increase in the fourth quarter. We expect performance
fees in the quarter will be more in line with our experience across the first 3 quarters of the year. This is
due to vintages in our portfolio not being at the life cycle stage of recognizing performance fees, which is
typically near the end of the life of the fund and is in no way related to the performance of the funds.

Total adjusted operating expenses increased 1.2% in the third quarter. The $10 million increase in
operating expenses was mainly driven by variable compensation and property, office and technology
expense. Higher variable compensation was driven by the revenue increase in the quarter, partially offset
by savings resulting from our strategic evaluation.

The increase in property, office and technology expenses was largely driven by changes to the pricing
of transfer agency services that we provide to our funds as we noted last quarter. This change went
into effect in the third quarter and resulted in a $6 million expense increase, which was offset by a
corresponding increase in service and distribution revenue.

As a reminder, we anticipate that our outsourced administration costs, which we reflect in property, office
and technology expense, will increase by approximately $25 million on an annual basis or approximately
$6 million per quarter. And offsetting this will be a corresponding increase in service and distribution
revenues, resulting in a minimal impact to operating income.

Operating expenses remained at lower-than-historic activity levels due to pandemic-driven impact to
discretionary spending, travel and other business operations. However, we did see a modest increase
in client activity and business travel in the third quarter, which is reflected in both marketing and G&A
expense.

As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, our expectations are for fourth quarter operating expenses to
be relatively flat compared to the third quarter, assuming no change in markets and FX levels from
September 30. Consistent with prior years, we expect a modest seasonal increase in marketing-related
expenses in the fourth quarter. And one area that's still more difficult to forecast at this point is when
COVID impacted travel and entertainment expense levels will begin to normalize. We are engaging in more

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

domestic travel and in-person client activity, and we do expect to see continued modest resumption of
these activities in the fourth quarter.

Moving to Slide 11, we update you on the progress we have made with our strategic evaluation. In
the third quarter, we realized $5.8 million in cost savings. $4 million of these savings is related to
compensation expense associated with reorganization and $2 million was related to property expense. A
$5.8 million in cost savings, or $23 million annualized, combined with $125 million in annualized savings
realized for the second in quarter 2021 brings us to $148 million in total, or 74%, of our $200 million net
savings expectation.

As it relates to timing, we expect to modestly exceed the $150 million target we have set for 2021, with
the remainder realized by the end of 2022. We expect the total program savings of $200 million through
2022 would be roughly 65% from compensation and 35% spread across the other categories.

In the third quarter, we incurred $18 million of restructuring costs. In total, we recognized nearly $190
million of our estimated $250 million to $275 million in restructuring costs that were associated with the
program. We expect the remaining restructuring costs for the realization of this program to be in the range
of $60 million to $85 million through the end of next year. As a reminder, the costs associated with the
strategic evaluation are not reflected in our non-GAAP results.

Now going to Slide 12. Adjusted operating income improved $21 million to $562 million for the quarter,
driven by the factors we just reviewed. Adjusted operating margin improved 60 basis points, 42.1% as
compared to the second quarter.

Most importantly, our degree of positive operating leverage reflected in our non-GAAP results was 1.7x
for the quarter, underscoring our focus on driving scale and profitability across our diversified platform.
Nonoperating income was $29 million, driven primarily by unrealized gains in our co-investment portfolio.

The effective tax rate for the third quarter was 24.4% compared to 22.8% in the second quarter. The rate
increase is primarily due to an increase in the reserve for uncertain tax positions. We estimate our non-
GAAP effective tax rate to be between 23% and 24% for the fourth quarter. The actual effective tax rate
may vary from this estimate due to the impact of nonrecurring items on pretax income and discrete tax
items.

Looking at Slide 13. We illustrate our ability to drive adjusted operating margin performance against the
backdrop of the client demand-driven change in our AUM mix and the resulting impact on our net revenue
yield, excluding performance fees.

Our operating margin in the third quarter of 2019, which was the first full quarter following the acquisition
of Oppenheimer, was 40.9%. At that time, we reported a net revenue yield of 40.7 basis points. In the
third quarter of 2021, our net revenue yield had declined over 6 basis points to 34.4 basis points, yet our
operating margin has improved to 42.1%.

This chart starts at the third quarter of 2019, but in fact, our third quarter 2021 operating margin is the
highest since Invesco became a U.S.-listed company in 2007. This is against the backdrop of a mix-driven
decline in net revenue yield. We've been building out our product suite to meet client demand and client
demand has been tilted towards lower fee products.

In fact, the growth of the QQQ over this period is remarkable, almost tripling in size and going from 6% of
our AUM mix in the third quarter of 2019 to 12% at the end of this quarter. Even though we do not earn a
management fee, as a sponsor of the QQQ, we managed the over $100 million annual marketing budget
generated by the product. The marketing budget has allowed Invesco to further raise awareness about the
QQQ.

That increased awareness has resulted in its ability to significantly increase our market share in the ETF
space. Invesco is today the fourth largest ETF provider in the world. Growth in the QQQ accounts for 2
basis points of the net revenue yield decline over the period shown on this chart. And then as I noted
earlier, discretionary money market fee waivers account for a 6 basis point decline in the net revenue
yield. These 2 factors alone account for over 40% of the decline in the net revenue yield over this period.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Realizing our business mix is shifting, we continue to be focused on aligning our expense base with the
changes in our business mix, which has enabled the firm to generate positive operating leverage and
operating margin improvements.

Now a few comments on Slide 14. Our balance sheet cash position was $1.8 billion on September 30
and approximately $725 million of this cash was held for regulatory requirements. The cash position
has improved meaningfully over the past year, increasing by nearly $700 million, largely driven by the
improvement in our operating income.

Our debt profile has improved considerably as well with no draws on our revolver at quarter end. As a
result, we have substantially improved our net leverage position as shown in the top right chart on this
slide. Our leverage ratio, as defined under our credit facility agreement, declined from 1.43x a year ago to
under 1x at 0.86 turns at the end of the third quarter.

If you choose to include the preferred stock, the leverage ratio has declined from just over 4x to 2.67x
at the end of the third quarter. Regarding future cash requirements, we recorded an additional downward
adjustment to the MLP liability in the third quarter, reducing the liability from our previous estimate of
nearly $300 million down to $254 million.

We anticipate funding the liability this quarter, and we have ample cash resources to do so. While we
anticipate a degree of insurance recovery related to this, the insurance claims process is inherently
complex, and we do not have an update at this stage as to the exact timing or size of the recovery.
Regarding our capital strategy, we are committed to a sustainable dividend and to returning capital to
shareholders through a combination of modestly increasing dividends and share repurchases.

As we look towards 2022 and beyond, we will be building towards a 30% to 50% total payout ratio over
the next several years as we continue to modestly increase dividends and reinstate a share buyback
program in the future. Overall, we believe we're making solid progress in our efforts to improve liquidity
and build financial flexibility.

In summary, we continue to see growth in our key capabilities. We remain focused on executing the
strategy that aligns with these areas while completing our strategic evaluation and reallocating our
resources to position us for growth.

And finally, we remain prudent in our approach to capital management. We're in a very strong position to
meet client needs, run a disciplined business and to continue to invest in and grow our franchise over the
long term.
And with that, I'll ask the operator to open up the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So interesting comment about the driving towards 30% to 50% payout ratio eventually. I guess it brings
up the strategic question of what's left to do? Meaning you've scaled up, you've gotten a lot more global,
you broadened the board. You have China, ETFs, fixed income, every -- solutions, everything that's
working. So what else would you be using your cash flow in the future besides capital return? Is that
for like broadening things like alternatives? I'm just trying to put that numbers question in a more big
strategic question.

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Glenn. Let me make a couple of comments, and Allison can chime in, too. So look, we've had the
conversation. The industry is just increasingly competitive and reinvesting in the business is still a very --
a high priority for us. And as you said, whether it be product extensions for us by more private markets
continue to focus on that business and grow there.

But the investments in technology, digital, they're really endless. So again, there's just a lot of
demand that we would have internally and we continue to make those investments just increase our
competitiveness and continue to evolve the business in line with the client demands.

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

Yes. I mean I would just add, I think, you could sum that up with just we seek to improve and increase
our strategic optionality. We want to have the ability to continue to invest in the business. We want ample
cash resources for any downturn or any sort of market volatility that could lie ahead. We want to be in
position to continue to pay down our debt, and we have a $600 million note that comes due next year.

We do have the remaining MLP liability, which I noted has been lowered to $254 million, which is very
good news. Nonetheless, that is a cash obligation in the fourth quarter, and we have ample cash resources
to handle that. And so really, as we think about the balance sheet, you've seen the progress we've made
over the last 18 months or so, we really are trying to put our balance sheet in a very strong position. So
we have the strategic optionality. That will include returning capital to shareholders, but we want to be in
a position to really be -- balance our priorities, which does include improving the balance sheet, investing
in the business, maintaining strategic optionality and returning capital to shareholders.

Operator

The next question is from Brennan Hawken with UBS.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

First, I wanted to just start on waivers. Allison, you flagged 0.6 basis points of the fee rate is there. By
your estimate, I know it's going to depend upon some competitive dynamics and whatnot, but how many
hikes do you think we would need before those go away? Because as the forward curve tells us we're
getting closer to that. So I want to sharpen up the model there.

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Hard to say how many. I do think just the single first hike will certainly be helpful to starting to reduce
those money market fee waivers. It'll certainly help on the institutional client side, for sure. It does
depend on a lot of supply-demand dynamics, which will just impact the overall availability of the securities
to purchase.

And so the change in Fed funds will be helpful. It won't be the only factor that will determine how quickly
it goes away and just an increase in short-term rates overall will help on the retail side as well.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. And well just -- I guess, following up on that was when you had waivers in the past, was there a
certain threshold for short-term rates that -- where they were eliminated? I would assume something like
50 basis points would be sufficient. Is that fair?

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

I think that's right. I'd have to go back in the [ pamphlets ] to remember, but that sounds about you're
in the right zone. And I'd come back to Allison's comments, though, too. It's going to depend on the
competitive dynamics [indiscernible] usually, all treated [indiscernible].

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

Probably not an unreasonable expectation. It's just how quickly, when we get there, can we unwind it.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. Okay. And then there's been some speculation in the news about a
potential tie-up with you all and another large financial services firm that has a big asset manager. Curious
what you can say about that. And then separately, you guys have been very clear that M&A, when it's
done right, is definitely a strategic consideration for you and something that is important and can be value
creative when done right. Can you maybe walk us through your priorities on the M&A front and whether or
not Invesco is interested in being a seller?

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

So I can assure you that we're not interested in being a seller, so let's start there. But let me back up and
put it in context. As we look at our capital priorities, and Allison and I just spoke a second ago about that,
it's first, reinvesting in the business to sort of increase our competitive positioning.

But then strategically, what we look at is we look at where client demand is. And if we can't fill the gap
internally, we would look externally. So it has to make strategic sense. It has to be complementary to our
business. It can't be duplicative to our business. That never works clients that like it, and employees don't
like it and by the way shareholders don't either.

And I'll come back to the point time and time again that you have to either wherewithal to ensure you're
protecting what you bought while creating a better organization and also very importantly, the cultural
alignment matters a lot. If there's misalignment, you're going to have a problem at some point.

So as we look at it right now, a priority is, again, continuing to build out what we have, as I mentioned
a few minutes ago, it is our private markets business where we're spending a specific amount of time
as we're seeing client demand in credit, in particular, that's been an area in some extensions in our real
estate area. So not much different than what we've talked about in the past.

Operator

The next question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to follow up on the momentum in China. You guys have been highlighting this for several
quarters. The numbers have been good. Curious about the retail distribution and kind of how, I guess,
diverse and entrenched you are with the third parties, the banks and others in there. And maybe talk
about if there are certain concentrations in the regions or partners or just a little more color on the
distribution breadth that you have there.

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll make a couple of comments and then Allison will add. So as you looked to the materials that
Allison referred to, it's 6% retail, 40% institutional. The retail comes through the joint venture and it's
very, very broad. I mean just the sheer size of the country, you end up with any number of distributors,
yes, there's the obvious, thanks to an insurance company. But an area of real strength and growth is
really the e-commerce distribution channels, and there's many different avenues there beyond that
financial where we are one of the firms that's been quite successful.

So the concentration risk is not an issue for us, and we just looked at the whole distribution landscape to
continue to open and broaden. But again, it is a very competitive landscape. So don't misunderstand my
comments.

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

I don't know that I have a whole lot to add to that. I mean I think the online distribution channels have
really overtaken the banking distribution channels in terms of market share overall in China. And just
given the time we've had there and the strength in the tenure, we've got very strong relationships, not
just across the traditional banking distribution channels, which continue to be very good, but also in the
emerging online trend, also very strong institutional relationships there, which are going to continue to be
important drivers of long-term growth in China.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then as a follow-up -- so can you expand a bit on the performance fee outlook for fourth
quarter? Just understanding there was basically an investment gap for some period several years ago
where you didn't put money to work. And so the ventage is not -- like, the timing is just off and just
curious how that doesn't tie to performance. Just making sure I understand the dynamics of this quarter
and why the fourth quarter of '21 and how we should think about that maybe for fourth quarter '22,
assuming performance holds here, and we would see that come back or normalize again next year.

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

Yes. I wouldn't say there was an investment gap and the nature of just performance fees and how they
are structured into various contracts just remains. It's very bespoke and it can be somewhat chunky and
difficult to predict. There wasn't an investment gap, but as we do look at just the ventages of what has
performance fees in it, that would be eligible. There are -- it is not the typical year-end spike of what we
would typically see. So no performance misses just the way these ventages are kind of cycling through
and what we see in the fourth quarter of this year.

We continue to have about $58 billion of AUM overall that is performance fee eligible. We just don't have
strike dates, if you will, of 12/31 or at least the end of this year that would incur recognized performance
fees in the fourth quarter. So our expectation is that fees in this quarter will be consistent with the
experience we've had in the first 3 quarters of this year rather than a spike at year-end.

And you shouldn't read anything into that in terms of what that means for 2022 or beyond. It's just simply
a function of timing with the ventages this year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Operator

The next question is from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.

Patrick Davitt
Autonomous Research LLP

You touched on this briefly in the prepared remarks, but China flows were, obviously, remarkably resilient
given the increased volatility we saw there last quarter. Could you give a little bit more detail on kind of
the flow and investing trends you saw through that volatility? Was there any kind of drop-off in activity as
the volatility got worse later in the quarter? If in short -- what I'm trying to get to, do we need to worry
about these flows slowing or even reversing if Chinese volatility continues to get meaningfully worse? Or
do you think 3Q suggests they could be resilient through that?

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

I'll make a couple of comments and -- so if you've pre planned to take you to the beginning of the year.
After Q1, we thought it was such an incredibly strong quarter that it couldn't be repeated in slowed some
but continue to be very, very strong.

And just what we're seeing is that there was this movement of investor behavior from really equity
capabilities that were sort of growth-focused to value-focused and just continuing to work through the
broad range of capabilities. So it's hard to predict what's going to happen. But we're just not seeing that
fall off to the degree that you would imagine in those very volatile periods as you saw, if you went back to
2015, something like that.

So what's really important is the market continues to evolve in a very positive way, and the regulators
have been very focused on providing a greater investment retirement savings market and you're seeing
that. So I'm not going to say that we're never [indiscernible] that redemptions but it's been very resilient
through this year even with the volatility that we've seen.

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

Yes, I mean, the only thing I might add, if I look back over the last 5 quarters, this was our second highest
quarter for flows in China. And I think the volatility, no, we didn't necessarily see it trend down inside of
the quarter. And some of that volatility you started to just hear -- I'll call it, softening in sentiment really in
the second quarter, and you see that more in the second quarter flow results.

If I look at the flows into the joint venture, in particular, it's about $7 billion, which, of that product
launches, drove a couple of billion dollars, the remainder is really through existing products, particularly
fixed income. There was a lot of strength in our fixed income capability. That's different than what we saw
in the first quarter where it was new product launches that drove the majority of the flows.

In this quarter, it was really from our existing products. And I think that not only speaks to just the
strength and the sustainability in the market but also the breadth of the capabilities in our platform that
we're able to continue to gather assets without large new product launches just given the breadth of
capabilities we offer.

Operator

The next question is from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

The next sales picture continues to be quite solid and the pipeline continues to be strong. An area of
weakness seems to be the U.K. It seems like outflows are persisting in the U.K., but getting better. So a
couple of questions. So you mentioned GTR, I think, you said $1.7 billion of outflows in the quarter. How
much does GTR still manage? And is the expectation for continued outflows given the performance there?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

And then what products and businesses are working best in the U.K.? And what is the outlook for the U.K.
to sort of move back broadly to positive flows in the future?

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

Why don't I start with GTR a little bit and let Marty chime in. So in terms of where GTR is today, at the
end of 9/30, it was down to $8.3 billion. That was down from its peak of $30 billion. The outflows in the
quarter were $1.7 billion. Now that $8.3 billion is not entirely in the U.K., but it is largely in the U.K.

In fact, what is reflected in the U.K. is about $6 billion. So we are down to a point of at least diminishing
headwinds. We do have an expectation that it will continue to decline. So I don't think we have seen a
bottom there, and we do expect it will continue to decline, but the headwinds are diminishing.

And I think you see that just in terms of the improved outflows for the U.K. this quarter with $1.8 billion
in outflows, which is an improvement from $3.2 billion in the second quarter. So despite some of those
outflows, we do see retail overall improving, and we see good demand for active European equities and
really improving redemption rates for our U.K. equities. And so there are, I will call it, bright spots and
green shoots as we continue to work through these GTR headwinds.

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll just add a couple of things. So I think also important, when you look at the period we've been
through with U.K. equities in particular, underperformance and sort of sentiment was quite negative in the
second Q. The combination is not very positive for results.

The short-term performance has improved quite dramatically and -- in the U.K. equities, which is
important. The ETF flows are the other area where we're seeing demand and also the institutional
business. And -- yes, as we look forward, as Allison said, we're having some good expectations of being
back in flows in the U.K. here.

Operator

The next question is from Robert Lee with KBW.

Robert Andrew Lee
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Maybe, Marty and Allison, just like to go back to the China -- the Greater China business. So I mean,
you've talked for a while, it seems like a few years almost, with the JV and maybe bringing it up to a
majority ownership. But I guess one question would be that does it really -- since you operate it, I mean,
does it really even matter getting to majority ownership? Is that even something that is, at this point,
even possible? And then I have a follow-up question after that.

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So you hit the -- hit it right on the head. I mean the fundamental difference that we've had as
opposed to every other joint venture that we know of, there could be someone similar to us, I don't know
who that is. But having a sort of management control has been a separating factor. And so I think most
people use majority control of the shorthand for management control, but we've had that. We continue to
be in discussions with our joint venture partner, it's likely we'll end up with a majority, but it's not going to
be a huge change in the ownership, but it's not going to get a way at all of our development in China and
the success we've had. So you really hit the point that is most relevant for our success there.

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

The only change, if we were to do that, would be an accounting change in terms of how we recognize the
joint venture on the P&L. It wouldn't change anything day to day in how we operate it or the success of
the venture.

Robert Andrew Lee
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Great. And then maybe the follow-up to shift gears a bit. I mean I haven't really talked about it too much,
I think, in recent quarters, but there was a time where you made some acquisitions, made investments
in different technology platforms and I know bringing them all under the Intelliflo umbrella. But can you
maybe give us a quick update on kind of the strategic positioning or importance of that? And maybe to
what extent those platforms or you're starting to see some positive impact and how they're maybe helping
the flow picture, if at all?

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So -- yes. So you're right. It was a combination of 5 smaller acquisitions to create the platform. Last
year was a year of pulling it together under the Intelliflo banner, the largest and most developed of is
Intelliflo in the U.K., which still has a 40% market share.

We continue to look at ways to not just advancing technology, but how can it advance flows in that
market. We've had some great success with that right now, but we're continuing to challenge that. Here
in the United States, it's the same thing, where we think the opportunity is serving the RIA market. And
again, we're now just, frankly, turning our attention to it after really the consolidation last year.

And so look, we still think there's -- if you just look at the way digital technologies are being used in a
place like China, that's really what gave us the impetus to spend time and energy there. It has proven
to be stunningly successful in China. There's different regulatory barriers here in the United States and
structures and the like, but we still think there's an opportunity for success there. And we'll see in the
quarters ahead if we're right.

Operator

The next question is from Bill Katz with Citigroup.

William Raymond Katz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

So first question is just on the opportunity to take advantage of the democratization of retail alternatives.
Could you maybe expand a little bit on strategically what you're doing there to gin up the volume?
Certainly, the $1 billion or so is favorable and the $4 billion overall is very good. But seeing some very big
numbers elsewhere and sort of wondering what you're doing to leverage both the product and distribution
relationships you have.

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Bill, great question. So we're -- it's where we see the immediate opportunity for us is with our direct
real estate business. Earlier in the year, we entered into a partnership with UBS using any real estate,
not in capability that's being distributed in Switzerland, Asia and EMEA. We now have an INREIT product
here in the United States, and we're just working with our distribution partners right now to get it on
the platform. It's probably [indiscernible] through the end of the year to get to all the platforms that
we're hopeful to get on, but we look at it as a huge opportunity just because there are very, very few
competitors there. And if you look at the success and pedigree of our real estate team, it's very, very
strong.

But it's traditionally been in the institutional market. It has not been in the real estate market, and that's
really, Bill, I think, we are going. It's a combination of having alternative capability, but also the ability

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

to distribute into the wealth management platforms. And that's what we're looking forward to hopefully
taking advantage of.

William Raymond Katz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. And maybe one-big picture question as well, just a follow-up. Some of the distributors are talking
about accelerating the direct indexation opportunity so they customized thought process. How would that
affect Invesco, good or bad?

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

Well, it's hard to know where all the [indiscernible]. What we do have is through -- we have a self-
indexing capability ourselves. And I can tell you the experience we've had in building models, we use
that in those model creations. So you could see that continue to be an extension there. Also with our
institutional clients, again, we're using that self-indexing capability to build customized indexes for
institutional clients.

So we look at it as we're probably one of very few institutions that have that capability, and we expect
that we'd use it probably in partnership with a number of our clients and wealth management partners.

Operator

The next question is from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe just back on indexing and on the M&A front in terms of the strategic optionality that you mentioned
on and in the comments you mentioned, Marty, as well. Just I guess how important is having a beta index
franchise? So as opposed to smart beta and beta ETF capability, is that a strategic imperative for you? Or
do you think you can grow organically in factor-based or self-index-based strategies on your own?

And then also, I guess, would you consider a joint venture as an option in doing that if you had -- and you
implied, I assume you want management control of that just like you have in China?

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So -- yes, look, if you just follow the flows, I mean, there continues to be demand and cap-related
indexes and also in smart beta. Our history is that we really started in sort of the smart beta category and
you're seeing just ever-increasing demand there. So it's really -- the answer is both is what's happening
in portfolios, and you want to be relevant in those marketplaces. And our focus has been heads down and
continue to grow as Allison talked about the Qs in particular, recognizing its -- the limitation we have from
a fee generation point of view, but it's been very, very important for building out our ETF platform and the
reputation of the firm.

So again, we'll just continue to challenge our competitive positioning and determine which is the best way
forward. But so far, I'd say, our success has been quite good.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And if you did want to enter into an arrangement, would you consider JV into that type of structure? Or is
that not even doable?

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

It's hard to know. I mean it's all facts and circumstances. So I wouldn't want to speculate on it.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. And then just on sustainable flows for 3Q and total dedicated sustainable AUM. And I don't know if
you wanted to cut off on the Bitcoin ETF strategy between physical and futures for adoption.

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, why don't I start on what we're doing in Bitcoin and the like. So we've entered into a partnership with
Galaxy Digital. That's who we're going to work with. The buildout or our whole suite of ETF capabilities,
underlying blockchain technology, digital assets, and crypto, our focus is on a physically backed -- it's
going to be some time, I think, before we get into the market, right? It's at the SEC right now, and we've
all known that they're still working through that as a topic.

We've introduced 2 ETFs into the market and sort of invest in companies that build off and play on the
blockchain technology and the like. And we did back away from doing a futures-backed product because
we think that the best alternative going forward is really physically backed perhaps.

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

And on your sustainability question, our flows in the ESG capabilities in the third quarter was a little bit
soft, about $300 million positive inflows in the quarter. We continue to have about $51.5 billion of AUM
that we would consider to be ESG funds and mandates, and that really spans across 160 ESG funds and
mandates in a variety of asset classes. And importantly, we remain the second largest ESG ETF player in
the world.

Flows were a little bit softer in the third quarter relative to what we've seen in the first half of the year,
nothing to point to one way or the other there, but our expectation is to continue to see demand for those
capabilities.

Operator

At our final question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to shift gears a little bit, maybe go back to Slide 13, Allison, that you highlighted in the prepared
remarks. So definitely impressive to see the margin expansion despite the headwinds that you've seen in
the period. But I'm curious how you're thinking about the margin trajectory longer term, assuming a more
normalized market, which normalized is always a question mark. But clearly, market [ count ] has been
pretty significant over the last year or so.

So with the cost-cutting program, I think, most of the way through, is it still likely for Invesco to see
operating leverage up on this kind of 42% level over time assuming, again, kind of a more normalized
markets backdrop?

Laura Allison Dukes
Senior MD & CFO

Yes. I mean I would say a couple of things. One, in terms of outlook for net revenue yield, just how we
think about the fee rates from here, I mean, the biggest driver is always going to be the mix of flows
that we see. That's going to have a huge impact. And as we continue to see client demand for all of our
capabilities, but certainly increasing demand for our passive capability to see that downward pressure.

At the same time, you can -- market impact can work in either direction. And it doesn't work consistently
across those different asset classes and capabilities. And so it's been inherently difficult to predict for
that reason. In terms of, though, just bigger picture, how do we think about it, I mean, I do think

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

we'll continue to see some modest downward pressure on it, just as we continue to grow our passive
capabilities and we see demand for those capabilities.

Hopefully, it was also helpful to kind of understand the impact of the QQQ has on that. And so while it
puts downward pressure on net revenue yield, it's a tremendous benefit for us through the marketing
support budget it provides us. And I think really most importantly, we are able to generate that positive
operating leverage and really improve margins against us. And so where do I think it goes from here? I'd
say a couple of things.

One, as we come towards the end of this expense management effort that we put in place last year, and
we expect to complete that next year, I don't think we have to continue to do things like that in order to
sustain these strong operating margins. We've got an expense base that's over $3 billion. It's a significant
budget to work with. And so how we think about it is really how do we deploy that expense base. How do
we continue to reallocate where we invest against our areas of highest demand? And as we've built out
the breadth of capabilities, that scale and the volume of flows is what continues to generate really the
positive operating leverage that we're looking for and it gives us the opportunity to sustain these 40%
spot operating margins, even with some of that downward pressure in that net revenue yield.

And I appreciate you asking the question because I think it's a really important point that we wanted to
drive home and we wanted it to come through today because this didn't happen by accident. It really
reflects a lot of deliberate work by the company over the last couple of years and an operating expense
base that really gives us the leverage we need to continue to invest in the areas of growth that we see
ahead.

Martin L. Flanagan
President, CEO & Director

On behalf of Allison and myself, thank you very much for joining. I appreciate the questions and
engagement, and I look forward to talking with everybody next quarter.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at
this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INVESCO LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

