IPG Photonics Corporation 

NasdaqGS:IPGP
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 04, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.62

0.91

Revenue  (mm)

280.54

296.41

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-27-2020 5:03 AM GMT

46.77

5.66

0.86

3.14

4.59

303.34

1150.87

1368.94

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.21

0.82

0.25

0.62

1.07

0.75

0.68

0.91

SURPRISE

(11.57 %)

(8.54 %)

172.00 %

46.77 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Eugene A. Scherbakov
COO, Senior VP of Europe &
Director

James F. Hillier
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

James Andrew Ricchiuti
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

Joseph Helmut Wittine
Edgewater Research Company

Mark S. Miller
The Benchmark Company, LLC,
Research Division

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Thomas Robert Diffely
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to IPG Photonics' Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Today's call is being
recorded and webcast.

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to James Hillier, IPG's Vice President of Investor Relations,
for introductions. Please go ahead, sir.

James F. Hillier
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Stacey, and good morning, everyone. With us today is IPG Photonics' Chairman and CEO, Dr.
Valentin Gapontsev; Chief Operating Officer, Dr. Eugene Scherbakov; and Senior Vice President and CFO,
Tim Mammen.

Statements made during the course of this call that discuss management's or the company's intentions,
expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ
materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, and those detailed in IPG Photonics' Form 10-
K for the period ended December 31, 2019, and other reports on file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Copies of these filings may be obtained by visiting the Investors section of IPG's website or
by contacting the company directly. You may also find copies on the SEC's website.

Any forward-looking statements made on this call are the company's expectations or predictions only as
of today, August 4, 2020. The company assumes no obligation to publicly release any updates or revisions
to any such statements. For additional details on our reported results, please refer to the earnings press
release and Excel-based financial data workbook posted to our Investor Relations website. We will post
these prepared remarks on our Investor Relations website following the completion of the call.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Valentin.

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Good morning, everyone. Despite the continued challenges to our business from the COVID-19 pandemic,
we delivered second quarter results above our guidance range. Our strong performance was driven by
better-than-expected performance in China and strength in new products. Before discussing the latest
trends in our business, I want to provide you with an update on our ongoing efforts to deal with COVID-19
pandemic.

The wellbeing of our people, our customers and our partners remains our highest priority. We are
continuing to manufacture and service our solutions in all regions, having employed additional distancing,
cleaning and air purification and disinfection procedures, while providing all employees with masks to
wear in our offices. With the state of Massachusetts, now in Phase 3 of its reopening, it has allowed us
to bring additional employees back into our headquarters, so that staffing levels in the U.S. will be more
commensurate with our facilities in Germany and Russia.

Our commitment and support of workforce health and safety extends to COVID-19 response efforts in
local communities worldwide. In addition to the nation in China, Russia and Europe, we have donated
essential parties of face mask to MGH Boston and one of the local country hospital. Also, we have
recently made a sizable financial contribution to the Worcester Education Development fund to purchase
Chromebooks for online education programs this fall.

IPG is committed to supporting economic empowerment and diversity efforts in our local communities.
While we believe that cultivating of diverse and inclusive work environment, ones that fosters a culture of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

mutual respect, help ensure our growth and success in the marketplace. 30 years ago, when I founded
IPG, our vision was to create a company that would redefine our industry and whose day-to-day operation
were committed to improving our communities and our society as a whole. Since that time, we have
demonstrated a commitment to fostering, cultivating and preserving a cultural merit, where our greatest
ideas and innovations have come from the diverse collaboration of experiences and backgrounds of our
people.

Turning to our results. We continue to benefit from signs of industrial demand recovery in select regions,
most notably China. In particular, demand for high-power CW and pulsed lasers for cutting and battery
processing application remains robust. However, global demand trends remain very uncertain at this
time, and we have seen a continued pushout and delays in select welding and system projects in Western
Europe, North America and other parts of Asia. This uncertainty continues to make forecasting of our
business very challenging in the near to medium term. We continue to believe that our large, diverse,
advanced materials and components technology platform, very efficient R&D model and well -- as well as
strong balance sheet and free cash flow provide us ample flexibility to respond to business disruptions and
emerge from the pandemic in a stronger competitive position.

Although the demand environment remains mixed, we are demonstrating good progress in our core
market, thanks to our technology differentiation and low-cost production capabilities.

In the cutting market, we delivered strong sequential growth in both our rack mounted 1- to 4-kilowatt
lasers for the high volume market, and our ultra-high power lasers for leading-edge cutting systems.
With the launch of our new ultra-compact YLR-U series of lasers, IPG is once again raising the bar for
leading-edge performance in the high-volume cutting sector. The YLR-U has essentially extended optical
performance, the small size and the lowest weight in the industry, at first time for the -- for the range of
devices is fully protected against of humidity penetration, delivering unmatched performance in a ultra-
compact form factor with a record power to volume ratio.

At the high end of the market, we expect to benefit from the substantial increase in order volumes for
our 30-kilowatt lasers and ultra-high power optical heads. These lasers not only enable 50% to 100%
faster cutting speeds than 15-kilowatt devices, but are capable of processing material with 20 to 50
millimeters of thickness or even greater. This improvement in both productivity and flexibility is driving
the replacement at first time of plasma cutting machines and the lower power laser solutions, particularly
in the machine shop and construction industries. Moreover, these bases provide the superior beam
parameters, record wall plug efficiency and unique high reliability that are the hallmarks of our solutions,
which drives superior return on investment to our customers.

Our Adjustable Mode Beam laser continue to gain traction in the welding industry, most notably in
electrical vehicle battery welding. Our AMB products produce superior speed and weld quality over
competing solution, thanks to broadest range of beam tunability, which enables spotless welding.

During the quarter, we again note that double sales of high-power nanosecond pulsed lasers used for foil
cutting and other electrical vehicle battery processing application, and we do expect strong growth in this
application to continue during the second half of the year.

Product innovation remains core to IPG's success. During second quarter, emerging product and
application sales were 1/4 of total revenue, increasing nearly 20% sequentially, despite softer demand
trends in several new product categories due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Sales of medical laser increased
more than 150% year-over-year, as we continue to sell our gold now -- or already gold standard thulium
laser solution and consumable fibers to urology and other soft tissue applications.

Advanced application revenue increased more than 40% year-over-year in Q2, driven by strength in
government, semiconductor and the resumption of cinema projection system shipment. Unfortunately, the
COVID-19 pandemic limited our ability to make further progress selling our green, ultraviolet and ultra-
fast pulsed lasers into emerging microprocessing application, given the restricted travel and shut down
of customer sites and application webs during the quarter. However, we continue to target more than 50
new projects for these lasers across a wide range of application, processing glass, ceramic, composite
materials, numerous crystals, circuit boards, OLED films, batteries and solar cells.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

We're continuing investment in a number of next-generation solutions that we plan to launch over the
next 6 to 12 months, with significant disruptive potential. This includes our newest outstanding handheld
laser welding, underlining handheld, at first time. It's our newest product at very serious market terms.
Multichannel QCW lasers for spot welding application and kilowatt-scale pulsed lasers for ablation and
cleaning applications as well as first time, multi-kilowatt thulium and green fiber lasers. Beyond materials
processing, we continue to develop new soft tissue medical treatments, mid-infrared lasers for molecular
beam resolution -- molecular level resolution online spectroscopy, inspection, sensing and biomedical
research application, new high-speed transceiver for the telecom and datacom market as well as new high
-- ultra-high power single-mode lasers and amplifiers for defense application.

I want to conclude my remarks here by thanking our people for their strong execution over one of the
most challenging period year in our company's history. I remain confident that our technology and
manufacturing leadership will enable us to accelerate growth out of this pandemic and deliver on our
mission to make our fiber laser technology the tool of choice in mass production.

With that, I will turn the call to our COO, Eugene Scherbakov.

Eugene A. Scherbakov
COO, Senior VP of Europe & Director

I will begin my remarks by discussing the effect of COVID-19 on our production. All 3 of our major
production facility in Germany, the United States and Russia remain open. We have increased production
at our facility in Massachusetts, as the state continued to progress on its reopening. Our facility in
Germany and Russia are operating on largely normalized basis, albeit with the social distancing and
enhanced cleaning and filtration measures in place. I want to reiterate that safety of our employees, their
families, our business partners and community remain our highest priority.

We continue to benefit from our vertical integrated product model, which enables a key technological and
cost advantages over the competition, while minimizing supply chain disruptions. The current constraint
on our business primarily relate to restrictions on travel that affect our sales and application development
efforts as well as our shipments of products around the world. Shipping costs were again elevated this
quarter, while we see -- we saw delay and pushout in project-based work due to COVID-19 pandemic.
However, we continue to believe we have ability to meet the near-term demand for our products.

We continue to benefit from the cost reduction actions we undertook in the second half of 2019. As a
total manufacturer, operating expenses increased approximately $2 million sequentially, while revenue
increased $47 million quarter-over-quarter.

Examining our performance by region. Revenue in China decreased 11% year-over-year, but more
than double sequentially, represented approximately 49% of our total sales. We benefited from strong
sequential improvement in sales into cutting, welding and battery processing, driven by a pickup in order
activity in March and April, that continues through the latter half of Q2, albeit at a more moderate pace.
We continue to face aggressive competition in the region, but we continue to maintain share at key
accounts, while anticipating a strong mix of lasers at 10 kilowatts or greater in the second half of 2020.

In Europe, revenue decreased 24% year-over-year due to the effect of COVID-19 on many countries in
the region. Similarly, revenue in North America decreased 60% (sic) [ 16% ] year-over-year, with strong
growth in medical lasers and advanced applications more than offset by declines in laser and system sales
for material processing. Sales in Japan decreased 60% (sic) [ 16% ] year-over-year. While COVID-19
infection in the region are below other countries, the continuous stopping and restarting of economic
activity has delayed many significant projects with our welding and cutting businesses in the region. Sales
in Korea decreased 33% year-over-year, as economic activity in the region remains subdued, and sales
in Turkey decreased more than 70% year-over-year as the COVID-19 pandemic severely affected cutting
sales in the region.

With that, I will turn the call over to Tim to discuss financial highlights in the quarter.

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Thank you, Eugene, and good morning, everyone. Revenue in the second quarter was $296 million, which
declined 19% year-over-year, but increased 19% quarter-over-quarter. Revenue from materials processing
applications decreased 21% year-over-year, and revenue from other applications increased 36%. Sales
of high-power CW lasers decreased 26% year-over-year and represented approximately 53% of total
revenue. Sales of ultra-high power lasers at 6 kilowatts or greater, represented more than 50% of total
high-power CW laser sales.

Pulse laser sales increased 4% year-over-year, with growth in high-power pulse lasers partially offset by
lower sales of lower power pulse lasers for marking applications. Systems sales decreased 37% year-over-
year, as growth in systems for medical device manufacturing was offset by lower sales of other IPG laser
systems and Genesis nonlaser systems.

Medium-power laser sales decreased 31% and continued softness in additive manufacturing and the
transition to kilowatt scale lasers in cutting, while QCW laser sales decreased 14% year-over-year but
increased 39% quarter-over-quarter from sequential improvement in consumer electronics applications.
Other product sales increased 21% year-over-year driven by growth in medical laser sales.

Q2 gross margin was 46%, which declined 350 basis points year-over-year. Compared with the year-
ago period, the decline in gross margin was driven primarily by less favorable absorption of fixed
manufacturing expenses. In addition, increased shipping costs were partially offset by lower inventory
provisions compared with the year-ago period.

Second quarter GAAP operating income was $47 million, and operating margin was 16%. During the
quarter, we recognized a foreign exchange loss of $13 million primarily related to revaluation of U.S. dollar
cash and other assets in Russia, given the appreciation of the ruble versus the U.S. dollar. In addition, we
incurred a charge of $1 million, which includes the noncash write-off of machinery as well as other charges
for severance and lease termination relating to our strategic decision to exit the submarine networking
business.

Foreign exchange loss and other charges reduced Q2 operating margin by approximately 470 basis points.
Q2 net income was $38 million or $0.71 per diluted share. The previously referenced foreign exchange
loss and charges for restructuring and asset impairment reduced EPS by $0.20. The effective tax rate in
the quarter was 23%. If exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar had been the same as 1 year ago, we
would have expected revenue to be $8 million higher and gross profit to be $4 million higher.

We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.2 billion and total
debt of $40 million. Strong operational execution resulted in cash provided by operations of $73 million
during the quarter. Capital expenditures were $20 million in the quarter. For the full year 2020, we now
expect capital expenditures of approximately $100 million, below our prior target of $115 million to $125
million. During the quarter, we repurchased 131,000 shares for $16 million.

Second quarter book-to-bill was greater than 1, with strong bookings growth in China offset by weaker
order trends in other regions. As expected, the pose -- the pace of order growth in China moderated in
the second quarter as the quarter progressed, while we have seen modest improvement in order trends
in other regions. However, visibility into a recovery in global demand remains uncertain at this time.
We continue to benefit from near-term growth opportunities in ultra-high power cutting, electric vehicle
battery processing and systems and devices for the medical industry. We believe that the strides we are
making in higher power products within our core materials processing business and new solutions will
enable us to emerge from the pandemic in a stronger competitive position.

For the third quarter of 2020, IPG expects revenue of $280 million to $310 million. Company expects
the third quarter tax rate to be approximately 26%. IPG anticipates delivering earnings per diluted share
in the range of $0.70 to $1, with 53 million basic common shares outstanding and 53.5 million diluted
common shares outstanding. Financial guidance provided this quarter is subject to greater risk and
uncertainty given the COVID-19 pandemic and its associated impacts to the global business environment
and government policies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

As discussed in the safe harbor passage of today's earnings press release, actual results may differ from
our guidance due to factors, including, but not limited to, goodwill and other impairment charges, product
demand, order cancellations and delays, competition, tariffs, trade policies, health epidemics and general
economic conditions. Our guidance is based upon current market conditions and expectations, assumes
exchange rates referenced in our earnings press release and is subject to risks outlined in the company's
reports with the SEC.
With that, Valentin, Eugene and I will be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.

James Andrew Ricchiuti
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

A couple of questions. Just on the other applications area, you referenced that 36% growth, which is, and
certainly, a strong growth rate. But sequentially, it was down. And I just want to maybe square some of
that with the commentary you made about the momentum from new products. Was there some COVID-
related impact that sequentially affected that? Was it just more macro related?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

No. It wasn't really either of those things, Jim. First of all, the medical product for the lithotripsy
application was launched in Q2, and we had very strong initial sales as the customer in that area built the
inventory to launch the product. And I had stated on the Q1 call that revenue from that application would
still continue to be strong on a year-over-year basis, but the total demand would moderate a bit compared
to that initial product launch. Interestingly, that customer, the launch has gone very well, and we actually
received an increase in the total orders that we've got on hand during the quarter, additional 4 million. So
that's more just timing of product launch rather than anything COVID or macro-related in particular.

The second thing is the defense and other advanced applications, including instrumentation and others,
had a very strong first quarter. We shipped 100-kilowatt laser in the U.S. So again, it's more timing of
orders for those -- some of those other advanced applications, which performed, again, well in the second
quarter, but just relative to Q1, some of the unevenness around revenue was exhibited. Interestingly,
we're working on several more orders for high-power single-mode lasers in the U.S. We have an order to
be delivered to Asia in the second half of the year. There's a little bit of uncertainty around the timing of
that delivery. So the backlog around some of the advanced applications continues to be big. The telecom
business in Q2 was a bit weaker, and that was COVID-related demand there. I think that clarifies the...

James Andrew Ricchiuti
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

It does.

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Just a few comment from medical. Medical, the penetration of medical market revenue growth so depends
strongly from FDA approval. First, number one, is we're very successful in urology now, it becomes gold
standard, now recognized gold standard in new -- in this urology application. But only at first very we
received a -- because remember, we received FDA, for example, here and also some in China, in Russia,
we received one a few months ago, and we only started to stable because before it was only for test and
so on. So sales in this urology application is only starting.

Secondly, we developed new products, not only for urology, but for work up to 10 other application --
medical application. But some of the devices finished so on and also in methodic, they were developed
well. But we're still in stage of certification to get FDA in other countries' similar approval. We could not
sell these in the market. But we expect next year, 2 years, we'll receive a note of approval, we then will
open and ready to go the market -- attack the market from many positions for many applications. So
medical business, we expect will grow very fast the next 3 -- 2, 3 years.

James Andrew Ricchiuti
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Got it. And then just a follow-up on the guidance. I'm wondering if you're seeing any stronger demand in
the consumer electronics market. There are some companies that have shown some -- or demonstrated
some pickup in demand in this area. And I'm wondering, is that at all factored into your guidance?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, yes, we saw some demand even in Q2, Jim, with the QCW improvement. But for us, the
total demand environment for consumer electronics is certainly much more moderate than it's been
historically. There's a bit of a benefit there for sales into consumer electronics in -- primarily in Asia. But it
certainly hasn't got the momentum behind it that we've historically seen on the materials processing-type
applications.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.

Thomas Robert Diffely
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

First, wondering what the relative strength in the pulsed business is coming from?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

So that was really on the high-power pulsed, its electric vehicle battery applications, including foil cutting,
cleaning applications as well. So the ultra and the higher power pulsed lasers that we have, have a
significant competitive advantage in the market for those types of applications. There may even be some
limited amount of welding being done with those higher power pulsed lasers alongside the QCW as well.

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Also, cleaning, for example, very important. Cleaning started to grow very fast. For this, we need the 100
-- many hundred watt and kilowatt pulsed -- kilowatt power pulsed laser, we have all these set of lasers.
It's not available from practically any other sources today. So it's -- but more [ power ] like 20 to 50 watt
for marking application is always practical. Our sales in China stopped because they saw crazy prices like
for old marking system, like a couple thousand dollars, not serious [indiscernible] -- we will withdraw from
this market in China. In other countries, we're still selling these marking lasers, but in China, not possible
at all. They killed this market.

Thomas Robert Diffely
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Yes. Okay. That makes sense. And then I'm curious, how important is the auto industry -- the global auto
industry for you for recovery? And what is your view of the auto recovery over the next several quarters to
a year?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

The automotive industry continues to be an important part of IPG and laser usage. Many European auto
manufacturers are almost exclusively using IPG products. So some recovery in main body applications
and closures would help, both on the welding and even the cutting market. But one of the primary
growth areas we see on automotive outside traditional will be continued investment in electric vehicle
manufacturing all around the world, and that continues to have some particular strength behind it.

Overall, some of the welding applications for automotive, even on the traditional side, were reasonable in
Q2. For example, one of the main Japanese manufacturers is continuing to roll out some of their specialty
welding applications using IPG lasers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

[ Let me remind you that ] the practical way, the mold -- even all the Tier 1, these automotive customers,
they use IPG lasers. The question not we penetrate, we have improved the usage in auto in Germany, also
in Japan, for example, in the U.S. and so on. But total demand now, very low due to many problems in
the data module market also due to COVID, many other reasons, but total demand for laser very low. But
when they're looking for a laser solution, they're buying from IPG. But electrical car [ other situation ],
also Tesla, for example, our customers [ forgot ].

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Wittine with Edgewater Research.

Joseph Helmut Wittine
Edgewater Research Company

First off, I wanted to try to bridge to the third quarter sales guide, which is flattish sequentially at
the midpoint. You have a benefit of a full quarter of activity in the West versus the second with April
essentially being a loss month. So is there anything that's an offset there that's worth noting that's more
of a headwind sequentially?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

I think we're seeing some moderate improvement in order trends outside of China, in particular. So
moderate improvements in North America, in Europe and -- are not quite the same. China has still got
some strong demand to it, but it hasn't got quite the same momentum in China that you had coming out
of the crisis at the beginning of last quarter. So we said that total order flow in China had moderated a
little bit. We've got a lot of backlog in China, and some of that is actually also scheduled to ship in Q4
rather than Q3. I can't know anything in particular. I think you're dealing with an environment that's not
exactly strong and have a lot of momentum behind it anywhere, right? You're in a situation of recovery
and reasonable demand trends where we've guided to, not particularly strong demand trends.

Joseph Helmut Wittine
Edgewater Research Company

Okay. Makes sense. And then, Tim, the gross margin was impressive. The only favorable comment I
caught in your prepared remarks was a smaller inventory reserve. Is there anything else worth noting in
that uplift, which was almost 500 basis points? And any context with that on how you're looking at gross
margin in the second half?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

I think the most pleasing thing about gross margin is that despite prices coming down, the gross margin
that we're achieving off a product bill of material has actually stabilized and even gone up a bit. So that's
been the main benefit. And that's even before we launch the smaller -- the YLR-U, dash U, rack-mounted
lasers, so there'll be some additional cost benefit coming in from those as well.

So I think the most pleasing thing is that despite continued pricing pressure in the market, IPG continues
to execute very well around reducing cost of product and has further cost reductions coming through in
the second half of the year. In the second quarter, our guidance range for gross margin ranges from about
43%, 44% up to 47%. So a reasonable level.

Joseph Helmut Wittine
Edgewater Research Company

Okay. And maybe I'll squeeze in one more just on that topic, on the new rack mounts, the YLR-U. Any
comments on how you're envisioning the curve of adoption going forward? How quickly -- how much you

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

think that could be an above trend benefit from a competitive perspective in the 1- to 3-kilowatt China
market? And if you're able to quantify any kind of corresponding impact to gross margin or how you're
thinking about that from a building materials perspective, that could be interesting as well.

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

Did you want to take the new YLR-U product adoption and customers?

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

We only introduce if the market started fill in volume -- manufacturing volume this quarter, but it's a great
ways, much more than -- much greater than current rate that we sold before and not comparable at all in
quality with Chinese product. It's a very important cost of manufacturers with the wholesale potential of
the U.S. so we hope that will go -- now we define the policy -- price policy for these lasers in the market.
It takes some time estimation also. But we hope this product will replace many Chinese at all because
they could not move, absolutely. Not comparable. And a very reasonable would be -- we hope the price
also, compete in price for this product.

Now our market share this year in numbers. In numbers, we're again growing in sales. First quarter, we
grow in sales more than 20% when compared to last year so -- in numbers. But due to price drop, we see
some drop in revenue. But we hope now that our -- the numbers have increase more in the second half
of this year. And so we are very [indiscernible] our revenue also share in the market with this low-power,
1- to 4-kilowatt -- 4 kilowatts from -- not available at all from Chinese, but up to now, any 4-kilowatt in
direct mount, with a 3-kilowatt maximum. But we increased our DSP also this second half of the year,
we increased our direct mount into series -- up to 8-kilowatts, it's fantastic, unique lasers. So it's -- we
call this, we return our position series in this low power market order -- high-power, not -- absolutely no
chance to other people to compete with us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America.

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Tim, just to flesh out a previous question about in the midpoint of your guide was flat sequentially.
I'm just trying to get a sense if there's been a breakdown when we think of the PMIs and general
manufacturing activity in your business. I think in July, we saw the PMIs recover -- actually go above 50,
indicating some expansion. Usually, in that environment, you guys kind of see sequential growth. So I'm
just curious how much of it is conservatism because we don't know obviously what will happen in August
and September. Did you guys see at least that improvement that matches PMIs? Just any help more that
you kind of flesh out around that.

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

I think we're just in a phase of recovery from very slow economic activity in the second quarter. I agree
that PMIs have improved a bit. We've also seen some improvement in order flow outside of China, as we
said, in other countries in Asia, in Europe and the U.S., it's just not that it's rebounded in quite the same
way that it did in China initially. I don't think there's necessarily a big disconnect from this. I think we
actually performed very well in Q2 in fact. So perhaps the expectation of going to a stronger sequential
growth is a bit more muted because of that underlying strong performance in Q2 relative to Q3.

I'm not really seeing any fundamental dislocation between where the economic data is and where our
revenue numbers are. I think there's a little bit more optimism out there but I can't claim that it's
tremendously strong at this point in time. And the other thing you got to factor in a little bit that, even
though things are being shutdown, like Q3 in August is always very slow in Europe for example, just with
the summer vacations and -- Valentin's view is maybe people work harder this year because they haven't

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

been in the office, I said, I think they're going to still want to get on -- go on holiday. So I don't see a big
dislocation.

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

That's good to hear. And the gross margin, this is the second quarter surprising to the upside. I think you
might have mentioned before, pricing kind of stable. It looks like your inventories are back under control,
you have cost savings coming through. I guess, Tim, if we get back, and this is a big if, but if we get back
at $350 million revenue run rate, is there any change you see in your gross margin range?

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

First, for price, it's not stable. It's not true. Yes. Now as we show, we have all messages, information
we're getting with China, for example, again, [ a really question mark but when you claim, against ] they
drop additional price for mid-power laser, 1, 2-kilowatt. The additional like 15%, 20% they dropped price,
promised to drop price against first quarter of this year.

It's crazy though, but it's the situation. I don't think it's their own view, they're pushed by Chinese
government, again, this market. It's the deal with policy -- country policy, it's not just company
commercial policy. But it's the situation. Now what -- how we can compete with this, it's very serious, it's
revenue drop and just through the market segment also.

Regarding the sales in the U.S., for example, nowadays, it's American officials help us to the way market
again. So we are now -- all in now, compared to August in this new [indiscernible] introduced, new roles,
again, the commercial both. Now we could not go -- especially with new products, we can go -- they
require more and more meetings to help installation, training the customers and so on. But recall, we are
not able to go inside of America. All were blocked. Now, again, stopped, we have to wait. We could not
work with customers.

Our service also, and so on. It's a serious -- again, very serious damage again. It's on account of what
we don't know. We couldn't receive even now, many cases, what we purchased. We could not because
garage which driver or truck said it used to go to Massachusetts from other state, so yes, they refuse
it all. They don't understand the situation. They refuse to deliver what we purchased. We're waiting for
parts, components and so on. Materials, we could not get these materials. New yield was now [ full of ]
[indiscernible].

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. And just to sneak a question in on reshoring. I'm just curious if you guys are hearing anything of
customers signaling this in North America or other regions. Is this -- if this is an opportunity, is it more on
the welding side? Because the argument against reshoring has always been it's cost prohibitive, which is
why automation would have to play a part. So I'm curious if you guys have any thoughts on that or see
any early signs of that type of theme.

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

Mike, just going back to your other question. I think at the moment, we're happy with the range of 45%
to 50% on gross margin. To get back to $350 million of revenue, we'd be hoping to be much more closely
towards the top of our range. We're not going to be changing that range at this point in time to see how
things pan out.

On onshoring, I think it's a longer term trend. And if and as it happens, it's going to have to be driven by
improvements in productivity and ensuring the cost is -- of manufacturing product onshore is low, and that
plays into utilizing more lasers and automation. So I don't know if there's been any huge announcements
by companies onshoring. Maybe one semiconductor company is starting to do more onshore in the U.S.,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

but I think the geopolitical situation continues in the way it will. It's probably likely to become a longer
term trend.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nik Todorov with Longbow Research.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

I just want to ask, first, you mentioned seeing some signs of lasers displacing plasma cutting machines. I
think you were specifically talking about the 50-kilowatt lasers that you're selling, but I wonder if you can
provide a little bit more color on that dynamic, that also and that super high-power lasers region, but also
if you're seeing any of that happening in the more traditional 10- to 15-kilowatt laser space. Yes. That will
be my first question.

Eugene A. Scherbakov
COO, Senior VP of Europe & Director

Okay. But 15-kilowatt is not a limit. We will already get some order from our 2 or 3 OEM customers for 20-
kilowatt lasers for China, Japan and other countries. And recently, we received order -- the first order for
30-kilowatt lasers, also for cutting applications. And from this, point of view, we see the good potential
for our high-power lasers, definitely, because no competition. And performance of our lasers in any cases,
superior. And this is a trend. It's not only to substitute plasma-cutting machine. It's one -- only one of
the goals. Because based on these 20- and 30-kilowatt lasers, our customer can provide absolutely new
approach to cutting applications with much more higher speed, much more reliable cutting machine and
also much more productive machine. And finally, with much more lower price for cutting applications. This
is much more important.

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

And let me remind you, only a few years ago, a lot of the young companies who produced CO2 lasers
cutting at the same [ analysis ] so [ unwork this crisis ] so fiber laser only for cut, very -- seemed better,
like 2, 3, 5 millimeters only. Now we develop technology to cut 50 millimeters. They said never more than
10 millimeters would be impossible to cut with fiber laser. Now we resolved this question. We developed
this technology. It's not only machine, secular auto laser, optical heads, but also technology, how to cut
very thick metal sheets. They practically cover all needs to cut metal [indiscernible]. We drill now in 1
meter metal sheets, 1 meter metal sheets with success with good speed. We're drilling holes that can have
even 1 meter. We demonstrated it in our messages. Nobody believed this was possible at all.

We showed this problem with cutting. It's now don't care when you [indiscernible] not only problem with
cutting. But next step, with cutting, not only metal cutting, with metal sheets cutting, and so on. Next
step is cutting all other materials like [indiscernible] ceramic, [indiscernible] we evolve this technology for
cutting all these [indiscernible] very serious new markets when really steel and cutting used only for very
thin like 1, 2 millimeters, for example, [ supplier of batt ], for iPhone, so on. With the way of technology,
[indiscernible] thick material ceramic or this graphite, so on, which cut up too many tenth millimeter
sheet. If nobody used up to now this technology or don't have this -- we have this technology, we have
patents in developing interest and use in market, new family of machines to cut off such materials,
including construction [ products ] [indiscernible] and so on. It's a huge market. All this cutting, 3D cutting
still not very well distributed to a little place in market, practically strong and premium industry and so on.
But now, a new opportunity 3D cutting is also new generation where it would be used much larger scale
and larger applications range.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

That's helpful. Just have a follow-up. You mentioned that, I guess, guidance implies that China revenue is
going to be more flat to down sequentially. You mentioned you're not seeing any disconnect economically.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

But I guess, can you comment on the competitive environment a little bit? You mentioned that you're
seeing still -- like seeing aggressive price action. But we also heard that there -- some of the competitors
there have some [ higher pulse ] for share gains, particularly in the 6-kilowatt and above plate. I guess,
do you see that as feasible? Or how do you plan on combating that?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

The competition hasn't really changed fundamentally. It's still the same players there. Of course, at the
lower end, there's been fierce competition. I think we're responding to that with the new product, which
Valentin articulated, was way ahead of where they are in terms of efficiencies, form factor -- electrical
efficiency, sorry, reliability. Yes. Of course, at higher power levels, the competition is trying to get share
there but we've referenced before that they see a lot of power degradation in their lasers even at lower
power levels. So those power -- that power degradation becomes more of an issue as you go up to lasers
with 6, 8 and 10 kilowatts so...

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

More power, more high degradation, much more danger and so on, if they still could not resolve for 1-, 2-
kilowatt degradation. Degradation, Chinese lasers, 10x higher than in our lasers, 10x higher. So you see
enormous difference and so on. And higher power degradation is much more danger than lower power. It's
number one.

Number two, when we introduced now this year, into March to last year, end of last year, this year, both
a new version of not only YLR-U, but also YLS-U. So YLS-U is a laser from 4-, 5-kilowatt up to 15-, 20-
kilowatt. Absolutely new ultra solution, much more again, more perfect and more compact and cheaper
in cost, much cheaper in cost. So for these reasons, we don't have any problem with gross margin and so
on. It's still now where we're so competitive in both, in not only quality, but in cost and the pricing. So it's
good. And they don't have any chance, in our opinion, to compete, penetrate in serious in these market
changes today.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mark Miller with The Benchmark Company.

Mark S. Miller
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

You mentioned strength in emerging products, up 20%, sequentially. I think you said cinema, I'm not sure
if you include that in emerging products, but if you could bring, out some of these emerging products that
are showing that healthy demand?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

Mark, we don't go into that granular level on those. They include things like the higher power pulsed
for the cleaning applications and EV battery processing, which had strong sales, includes screen lasers
for solar cell and nonmetal processing; edge deletion; ablative processes; ultrafast; UV has got many
different types of projects we're working on there with higher power. The systems beam delivery and some
of the defense and single-mode applications are included in there. But we just don't get down into giving a
granular breakdown between each of those individually.

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

On this year, second half this year and first half next year, we introduced on the market some 10 new
products, the most of them don't have any analogs. Only these next 12 months, we introduce in the
market, so many new products. Now with delays due to COVID, because any new product, you have to
work very tightly with customers. You have to meet with them, help train them, have install, have so on.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

But now, [ with all the promote ] were very limited in the way penetration introduction in the market.
But it will go and so on. It's -- this situation will resolve. The product [ is practical ] already and our
qualification process are rigid, so on with so much production, it's a lot of new innovative products. Some
10, not 1, 2, 3, 5, some 10 products with different application, we introduce all these now in the market.

Mark S. Miller
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

And any further penetration in terms of lasers in the automotive industry replacing spot welders? That was
kind of a cost issue before.

Eugene A. Scherbakov
COO, Senior VP of Europe & Director

Yes, recently, we installed in our -- for our German customer, 16 [indiscernible] system for production --
automotive production. And from this point of view, we see the good potential for our systems, not only
for 1 application but different kind of applications. It's also for EV, electrical vehicle, but we also see some
opportunity for other. But also, I would like to mention that such kind of system now, we use it not only
for automotive. Agriculture, for example, one of the bigger customers in the United States, also in Europe.
They have to use our system for production of their machine. And it's the first time they start to use the
laser systems, and the first result is very good. And this is very important that we are not shipping only
the small system, but we are shipping the complete production line for such kind of applications.

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

And also we -- for this -- now we introduce next -- this year, it will be press released this month, we
introduce now very interesting new product, which automotive will use in many -- we have not many,
10,000, but even 100,000 units, they're using the assembly facility. We introduced a new solution,
extremely interesting, much more higher quality welds and so on solution we introduced in this market.
It will -- we believe it would be accepted very fast by the most cutting automotive companies, but also
from point in transportation. For them, we're working very closely to develop technology -- of cutting and
welding technology for many car manufacturers. It's -- and we ship them out -- [now the new ] system
we're working is the persistence prototype and they very happy customers. So we hope to distribute this
experience. It would be also a serious additional business and cutting and welding application.

Operator

We've run out of time. I would like to turn the floor over to James Hillier for closing comments.

James F. Hillier
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in IPG. We look forward to speaking
with you over the coming weeks, and we'll be participating in a number of virtual investor conferences this
quarter. So thank you. Stay safe, and have a great day, everyone.

Operator
This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

