Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:JKHY
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 09, 2021 1:45 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.87

0.94

8.05

0.86

3.80

4.44

Revenue  (mm)

432.04

422.36

(2.24 %)

441.13

1759.48

1889.06

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-09-2021 1:42 PM GMT

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.80

0.78

1.05

0.87

0.96

0.80

1.19

0.94

20.00 %

2.56 %

13.33 %

8.05 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

ANALYSTS

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Ken Suchoski

Steven Comery
G. Research, LLC

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Jack Henry & Associates Second
Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that today's call is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Williams. Kevin, the floor is yours.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Thank you, Jay. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates Second Quarter
Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer. And on the call with me today is David
Foss, our President and CEO. In just a minute, I'll turn the call over to Dave. He's going to provide his
thoughts about the state of our business, the performance of the quarter and some comments relating
to the impacts of COVID-19, thoughts on our recently published corporate sustainability report and some
other key initiatives that we have in place. Then after that, I will provide some additional thoughts and
comments regarding the earnings release we put out yesterday after market close and then provide
comments regarding our guidance for our FY '21 provided in the release. And then we will open the line up
for Q&A.

First, I need to remind you that this call includes certain forward-looking statements, including remarks
or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or
results. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors that could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those, which we anticipate due to a number of risks and
uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary
of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections
in our Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors and forward-looking statements. Also, on this call, we will discuss
certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP operating income, as
disclosed in the press release yesterday. The reconciliations for historical non-GAAP financial measures can
be found in yesterday's press release. I'll now turn the call over to Dave.

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong revenue
growth and an overall solid performance by our business. As always, I'd like to begin today by thanking
our associates for all the hard work and commitment that went into producing those results for our second
fiscal quarter, particularly in light of the challenges posed by conducting business in the midst of a global
pandemic.

We remain extremely thankful for the fact that very few of our employees or their family members have
been directly affected by the COVID-19 virus. Our HR teams continue to work closely with all groups
around our company to be sure anyone who is affected is receiving the care and accommodations they
require. We're still operating with well over 90% of our employees working full-time remote and have now
updated our return-to-office date to July 1.

At this point, I don't anticipate us extending that date, although I definitely expect long-lasting changes to
our in-office work model. Most of our customers now have many people physically in their locations every
day, and we regularly receive requests to deliver on-site sales engagements and system implementations.
As I mentioned on the last call, our sales teams are routinely doing sales presentations and executing
contracts with no on-site presence at the customer location. We have also completed many 100% remote
implementations with great success, including several full core conversions.

With that, let's shift our focus to a look at our performance for the quarter we completed in December.
For Q2 of fiscal 2021, total revenue increased 1% for the quarter and increased 2% on a non-GAAP basis.
Deconversion fees were down more than $5.5 million over the prior year quarter, which impacts the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

current quarter negatively, but as we have highlighted in the past, is good news if you take a long-term
view.

Turning to the segments. We again had a solid quarter in the core segment of our business. Revenue
increased by 1% for the quarter and increased by 4% on a non-GAAP basis. Our payments segment also
performed well, posting a 2% increase in revenue this quarter and a 3% increase on a non-GAAP basis.
We also had a strong quarter in our Complementary Solutions business with a 3% increase in revenue this
quarter and a 4% increase on a non-GAAP basis.

As I mentioned in the press release, our sales teams, again, had a very solid quarter as they booked
the fifth largest sales quarter in the history of the company. We inked 6 competitive core takeaways
and 12 deals to move existing in-house customers to our private cloud environment. On previous calls,
I highlighted the fact that our competitive core signings have slowed a bit as a result of the pandemic
and that was also true in Q2. With that in mind, you may ask how it was possible for us to book the fifth
largest quarter in history with less than the new core win category. Of course, this happens because the
sales teams have had tremendous success with our broad suite of complementary offerings, including
digital, fraud and payment solutions.

During the quarter, we signed 61 new clients to our Banno Digital Suite, 6 new clients on our treasury
management platform and 11 new clients on our Card Processing Solution. Of course, all of these
contracts represent new revenue to Jack Henry. As I mentioned last quarter, we continued to implement
more than 30 new financial institution clients every month on our Banno Digital platform. As of February
1, we now have more than 4 million users on the platform but that number continues to grow rapidly. At
the same time, our Banno platform has been recognized by FI Navigator as having the highest consumer
rating in the App store, and we are continuing to receive accolades as the fastest application in the
industry. If you combine our inroads in the digital banking space, with our ongoing success with digital
lending and digital account opening, we see great things ahead for Jack Henry as a leader in this area.

Regarding our new card processing platform, as of the end of December, we have successfully completed
the migration of all of our core clients and many of our non-core clients. We will complete all of the
migrations next month as previously announced. You will start to see the larger positive impact on our
financials in the fourth fiscal quarter as we have emphasized throughout the project. I'm very proud of our
team and thankful to our partners and clients for working with us to achieve such a successful outcome.

Recently, the Federal Reserve announced that its FedNow team has been working closely with a few
companies over the past year to help them design and develop the FedNow network. We have been very
active with the FedNow team for more than a year, and we're excited to participate in their pilot program.
We look forward to bringing many financial institutions live through our payments hub, which we have
branded Jack Henry PayCenter.

As I've discussed previously, our PayCenter solution was designed to provide connectivity through a single
platform to multiple real-time payments providers, which facilitates a more logical and efficient approach
for our clients than any other processor in the market today. Additionally, it allows us to connect clients to
the real-time payments network in groups rather than one at a time, which is a significant enhancement
over any other offering in the industry.

In addition to working with the Fed on the FedNow program, many of you know that we have also been
very involved in the rollout of the PPP program through the first 2 rounds last year and the latest round
earlier this year. We are currently working with many of our financial institution clients to help submit
and process thousands of PPP loans with their current pipeline totaling almost $1 billion in loans to small
businesses around the country.

Hopefully, many of you noticed that we released our first corporate sustainability report on December
31. Although I'm very proud of the report and its contents, I think it's important to note that Jack Henry
has practiced the concepts of corporate responsibility since our founding. This report is our way of
summarizing the standards and practices we've been dedicated to for more than 40 years and which are
evident every day as we strive in all cases to adhere to our guiding principle of doing the right thing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

In the report, we discussed our commitments to our 5 key stakeholders: our employees, customers,
stockholders, communities and the environment.

Our investment in corporate responsibility is embodied through our commitment to: enabling our
associates to engage in meaningful work that they love; providing innovative financial solutions to our
customers to support responsible business decisions and keep their clients connected, delivering a strong
return on investment to our stockholders while maintaining long-term sustainability for our business
model; encouraging our communities to flourish by connecting people with technology; and pursuing
environmentally friendly practices to support a strong future for us all.

In January, Cornerstone Advisors published the results of their annual survey of bank and credit union
executives. According to that study, 73% of banks in our target market expect to increase their technology
spending as they rebound from the pandemic in 2021, with 22% of them indicating an increase of greater
than 10% year-over-year. This correlates with the information we're receiving from other sources, which
puts the average expected increase in tech spending for 2021 in our market at around 5%. I think that
pent-up demand is reflected in the continued influx of RFPs we're receiving and the ongoing interest in
Jack Henry technology solutions.

As we begin the second half of our fiscal year, our sales pipeline is very robust, and we continue to be
optimistic about the strength of our technology solutions, our ability to deliver outstanding service to our
customers, our ability to expand our customer relationships, the spending environment and our long-term
prospects for success. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Dave. Our service support revenue line of revenue decreased 2% in the second quarter of
fiscal 2021 compared to the same quarter a year ago. However, adjusting services for revenue for the
deconversion fees of $2.1 million in the current quarter and deconversion fees of $7.7 million revenue and
divestitures of $1.2 million in the prior fiscal year quarter, this revenue line would have grown 2% for the
quarter compared to the previous year.

Service and support revenue primary driver was data processing and hosting fees in our private cloud,
which continues to show very strong growth in the quarter compared to the previous year. However, the
growth in that line was totally offset by a decrease in our product delivery and services revenue, which
is due to decreased license; hardware and imitation revenue for primarily on-premise customers; pass-
through revenue, which is related to our billable travel, primarily related to travel limitations related to
COVID; and our Jack Henry Annual Conference, or our JAC, which was held virtually, and therefore, no
registration fees for customers or vendors for our tech fair.

And then obviously, as mentioned, deconversion fee revenue for the quarter compared to the prior year,
which is all those lines were a decrease. Processing revenue increased 5% in the second quarter of fiscal
'21 compared to the same quarter last fiscal year. This increase was primarily driven by higher card
volumes from new customers installed last year and increased debit card usage from existing customers.

Jack Henry digital revenue experienced the highest percentage growth of all revenue lines in both Q2
and year-to-date this year compared to the same periods last year. Our total revenue was up 1% for the
quarter, as Dave mentioned, compared to last year on a GAAP basis and was up a little over 2% on a non-
GAAP basis, excluding the impact of deconversion fees and revenue from divestitures. Our cost of revenue
was up 3% compared to last year second quarter. This increase was due -- primarily due to higher costs
associated with our card processing platform and higher personnel costs related to increased headcount at
December 31 compared to a year ago quarter. The increase in cost was partially offset by travel expense
savings as a result, again, of COVID travel limitations.

Our research and development expense decreased 1% for the quarter compared to last year. This
decrease was due primarily to a slightly higher percentage of our overall costs being capitalized for
product development this quarter compared to a year ago. Our SG&A expense decreased 10% in the
second quarter of fiscal 2020 over the same quarter in the prior fiscal year. This decrease was primarily

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

almost completely due to travel-related expense savings as a result of COVID-19, which required us to
hold our JAC virtual this year as previously mentioned, and also due to the gain on disposal of assets in
this quarter of this year.

Our reported consolidated operating margins decreased slightly from 22.4% last year to 22.2%, which is
primarily due to the various revenue headwinds already discussed and our increased cost. On a non-GAAP
basis, our operating margins increased from 21.1% last year to 21.3% this year, primarily due to the
items already mentioned. Our payments segment margins continue to be impacted by the additional costs
related to our card processing platform migration. As Dave mentioned -- as he discussed in his opening
comments, our core segment operating margins increased slightly during the quarter compared to last
year on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis, while complimentary segment margins decreased slightly on
a GAAP basis but improved on a non-GAAP basis compared to last year.

The effective tax rate for the quarter was essentially flat at 23.1% this year compared to 23.2% last year.
And our net income was $72 million for the second quarter compared to $72.1 million last year, with
earnings per share of $0.94 in both quarters. For cash flow, our total amortization increased 4% year-to-
date compared to last year due to capitalized projects being placed into service in the past.

Included in the total amortization is amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions, which decreased
to $8.9 million year-to-date this fiscal year compared to $10.5 million last year. Our depreciation was up
5% year-to-date, primarily due to CapEx in the previous year and those assets being placed into service.
We purchased 675,000 shares of Jack Henry stock year-to-date for $110 million, and we paid dividends of
$65.5 million for a total return to shareholders of $175.5 million year-to-date.

Our operating cash flow was $194 million for the first 6 months of the fiscal year, which is down a little
from $215 million last fiscal year. We invested $76.6 million back into our company through CapEx
and capitalized software. And our free cash flow, which is operating cash flow, less CapEx and less cap
software and then adding back net proceeds from disposal of assets was $163.8 million year-to-date.

A couple of comments on our balance sheet as of December 31. Our cash position is still in very good
shape at $147.8 million, down a little from $213 million at June 30. Due to the previous items discussed,
there is nothing drawn on the revolver which has a maximum capacity of $700 million. So we've got a
lot of dry powder, and we had no other long-term debt on our balance sheet other than the capitalized
operating leases.

In the press release yesterday, we confirmed both GAAP and non-GAAP revenue guidance yesterday, and
they were basically guided as previously in line. However, just to be clear that this guidance continues
to be based on the assumption that the country continues to open up and the economy continues to
improve. Obviously, if the country is forced to shut down again due to the pandemic or the economy stalls
or actually reverses, then this guidance will be revised.

Also, I'd like to emphasize that in our GAAP guidance that we continue to forecast revenue from
deconversion fees for FY '21 will be down approximately $33 million from what we saw in FY '20. We have
seen $14.6 million decrease in the first half of the year alone, and we will see a significant decrease in Q3
as that was the largest quarter for deconversion revenue last fiscal year and the largest increase year-
over-year. We see little to no current M&A activity that would drive deconversion revenue at this point,
which, in the short term, as Dave mentioned, will hurt revenue growth. But in the long term, as we have
always said that we don't like deconversion revenue as we would much rather keep the customer and the
revenue to the long term.

This means based on the GAAP revenue guidance provided in the press release impacted by the
decreased deconversion fees, we continue to look at a GAAP revenue growth of 3- to 4-plus percent. The
adjustments between GAAP and non-GAAP revenue guidance for FY '21 is the decrease in deconversion
fees compared to the previous year and the small revenue impact from the cruise divestiture in Q2 it was
removed from FY '20 for comparison to FY '21. Our non-GAAP revenue guidance has not changed from Q1,
the difference of all deconversion fees and revenue from the divestiture.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

We anticipate GAAP operating margins for the full year of FY '21 to be down just slightly at about 22%
from last year for all the reasons previously mentioned, and our non-GAAP margins to actually improve
slightly compared to last year for the entire fiscal year. Our effective tax rate for FY '21 should be in
line with FY '20 at around 22%. And with the significant headwinds created by the projected significant
decrease in deconversion revenue in our third fiscal quarter, we are guiding Q3 EPS to be $0.83 to $0.87,
which, I believe, is generally in line with the current consensus. However, we had increased our full year
EPS guidance for FY '21, which we provided last quarter, to be in the range of $3.75 to $3.80, and we are
now updating our EPS guidance for FY '21 to the range of $3.85 to $3.90 with no change to our projected
impact or decrease in deconversion fees. The increase in guidance is primarily due to expense control,
margin improvement for the year and continued improved efficiencies.
This concludes our opening comments. We are now ready to take questions. Jay, will you please open the
call -- lines up for questions?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kartik Mehta from Northcoast Research.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Kevin and Dave. Kevin, I apologize. Could you just walk through the revenue guidance part again? I'm just
trying to understand maybe what was in the press release this time versus what you guided last time. I
thought there was about a $30 million difference, but I just wanted to make sure I understood.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

So Kartik, I mean -- so the GAAP guidance that we are providing is $1.760 million to $1.770 million.
And basically, you take the $30 million decrease in deconversion fees out, and that's how you get to the
$1.730 million to $1.740 million. Obviously, there's a lot of other moving parts and rounding and different
things in there. But by the time you get everything adjusted and the rounding taken into effect, which
obviously takes a pretty significant spreadsheet, you're still looking at the 6% to 6.5% non-GAAP revenue
growth over last year's adjusted number.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

So the $1.730 million to 1.740 million is the non-GAAP revenue that you're guiding to then?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Okay. And then, Dave, I'm just wondering, as you look at your migration of platform and demand from
your bank, I know in the past, you had said that you thought there would be demand for your banks to
get into the credit card business. I'm wondering where that stands now and if you're seeing that come to
fruition.

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Yes, Kartik, I won't say -- we never said that we expected it to be a huge demand, but we certainly
are continuing to see demand. We've signed 5 so far, brand-new credit card customers so far this year.
There -- we had kind of -- and I've talked about this on previous calls, we'd kind of kept the brakes a little
bit on credit because we wanted to successfully complete the debit side of the conversion and didn't want
our implementation teams to be focusing on trying to add new credit customers because that's a separate,
different implementation.

So we've had the brakes on a little bit on the sales side, on the credit side. But there is demand there. We
expect to see demand going forward. But again, it won't be -- we don't expect to be a major issuer in the
future but we certainly are seeing demand from our customers.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

And then just one last question, Dave. What are your customers doing about or trying to do about some
of the fintech competition they have, whether it would be Chime or any of these other guys? Are you

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

seeing demand for different type of products? Or how concerned are your customers about those fintech
competitors?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, there's a few different aspects to that question. So first, there are some that are trying to figure
out whether or not the neo banks are truly competitors or not. Oftentimes, the neo banks are attracting
the customer who's looking for free. And our customers, like any customer, have trouble making money on
free. So sometimes they're not terribly distressed if some of those customers leave to go to somebody like
Chime. I think that explains why these neo banks aren't making any money.

But that's the short-term view, and we take a long-term view, are they going to attract the customer and
then build on that customer for the long term. So a lot of our customers are trying to figure out how to
compete in that space. Many of them have launched digital-only banks, digital-only brands. And of course,
we support that. We've talked about that on the call before, where we're hosting a separate brand in our
Jack Henry private cloud, a separate processing environment, separate marketing by the bank to make
sure that they have an opportunity to attract those customers.

The other approach that some banks are taking is trying to figure out how to partner more closely with
fintechs, so not necessarily with a neo bank, but with other fintechs to enable the same type of, I'll say,
cool experience, make sure that they're providing that connectivity. And of course, as I've discussed many
times on this call, Jack Henry is very supportive of that environment, where we provide the hooks, provide
the connectivity for fintechs to connect into our infrastructure and help our banks achieve success that
way.

So it depends on the bank. You have some who maybe put their head in the sand a little bit. You have
others who are being aggressive about launching digital-only banks. And then you have some that are
working with fintechs to create a whole new experience in some other way. And it just depends on the
profile of the bank and their feeling of the competitive nature of those players.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann from D.A. Davidson.

Unknown Analyst

This is Carson on for Pete. Just one quick question. I believe you had previously said that the company
expects to recognize around $16 million reduction in annualized direct costs of revenue as the legacy debit
processing platforms are shut down. But perhaps 30% to 40% of this showing up in fiscal '21. Is it still
about right?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

I don't know that 30% or 40% it was because that was kind of the guide we gave before we moved
everything out a quarter. So it's probably going to be a little less than that, that we see the impact in Q4
because remember, that number that we gave was for the full year annual cost savings. So we're probably
going to see more like 15% to 20% of it in this year, and then we'll see the full amount in FY '22.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Steve Comery from G. Research.

Steven Comery
G. Research, LLC

Wanted to ask about sort of the dichotomy between core demand and complementary demand as far as
like what's holding back demand on the core side and what's driving it on the complementary side?

David B. Foss

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Sure. So the biggest thing is core, if you think about a core replacement, anybody who makes that
decision. Look, the thing I say all the time is if you're the CEO of a bank or credit union, when you decide
to make a core replacement, that's the most difficult technology decision you will ever make in your role
as the CEO of a bank or credit union because when you replace the core, it touches everything, right?

You're replacing the entire guts of your processing operation. And so in this environment, the pandemic
environment, where everybody had people working from home, that type of decision and that type of
disruptive move was a little bit challenging for a lot of CEOs to make that move. But they still wanted
to offer innovative new technologies. They need to take care of the customers, particularly, because
all of their consumers were living and working from home and expected to have an outstanding digital
experience so they needed to continue to implement these smaller point solutions, complementary
solutions to augment the services that they provide for their consumers and that they provide internally to
their employees.

And so that's where we have this broad suite of complementary solutions, and I highlighted a few of them
on the call today, that's where a lot of those things have really stepped up, particularly around digital. So
there's digital banking, which we used to call online banking and mobile banking. There's digital lending.
There's digital account origination. All those things have been hot commodities here lately because of that
move to remote work.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

And one other thing I'd throw out there is -- there's roughly 11,000 banks and credit unions in the United
States. And a very small percentage of those actually go through a core system evaluation on an annual
basis, but a very high percentage of that 11,000 FIs need to upgrade their digital or other things, as Dave
mentioned. So I think that's a big driver or a big difference in the two.

Steven Comery
G. Research, LLC

Okay. Yes. So I mean should I read that as there is some degree of pent-up core demand just from
companies not doing evaluations this year, not executing on them?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Yes. So I -- on the -- I think, it was the August call -- no, the November call, I highlighted there that
the RFP pace for new core deals had really started to pick up. And that -- so you're absolutely right. There
is pent-up demand. People just kind of put a stop on it, but they still need to upgrade their infrastructure.
So we saw our fees start to pick up in the late fall. I'll say, I highlighted on the November call, and that's
absolutely true today.

So we are today, if you look at our sales pipeline today, it is as full as it was, we'll say, 18 months ago.
So 18 months ago -- let me back up a second. We normally think in terms, as we run the business, the
sales pipeline you want to be -- you want to have about 90% of the annual quota for the company. At any
given day, the sales pipeline should be at about 90% of the full year's quota because some deals aren't
going to happen and some will happen and so on. And we're back to that level now. So we're almost about
90% of our annual quota is in the pipeline today. And that's the way I say we're -- the engine is running
again where core demand has picked up, and that's part of the reason that I'm pretty optimistic about our
opportunity for sales success going forward.

Steven Comery
G. Research, LLC

Okay. And then maybe just finally, is the trigger for actually executing on these core contracts or starting
implementations, is the trigger people actually coming back into the office? Or is there sort of a different
trigger where banks sort of lap the credit risk?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

No, I -- yes, it's not necessarily then coming back into the office. I think we're to the point today where
there are -- all of our banks and credit unions have figured out their operating model. So they have people
in the office. They have people working remote. I don't know of any of them that have gone back to 100%
in office. They figured out their operating model. And so I don't expect -- I'll say, ever -- maybe that's too
dramatic, but I don't expect ever to get back to our operating model for banks and credit unions to be
like it was 2 years ago. They'll have a remote workforce going forward, just like we will. So that is not the
trigger.

I think now it's them understanding how to run the business with a combination of in-office and remote,
and they recognize they need to do a technology upgrade. Okay, now let's get down to business and make
that decision and move forward with the technology upgrade. And then we can do conversion -- core
conversions, 100% remote. Now I highlighted it in my opening comments here, we're doing 100% remote
conversions. Most banks and credit unions don't particularly like that. They prefer to have at least a few
people on site, but we're fully capable of doing that.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of John Davis of Raymond James.

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Kevin, I appreciate the comments on the 3Q EPS guide. Obviously, your full year guide implies roughly 8%
non-GAAP growth, revenue growth in the back half of the year. Any help there? How we should think about
that sequentially 3Q versus 4Q?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Well, I mean, there's obviously a lot of conversions that are going to be happening. Some of those were
pushed out from the first half, JD. Obviously, the payment engine is really picking up pace. The digital
continues to grow very nicely. Plus, especially on the payment side, Q4 is going to be a little easy comp
compared to last year because of the impact of COVID last year.

So I mean it's a combination of things. There's not just one thing I would point to JD. But I mean, our --
I mean, we have monthly calls with all of our VPs and senior VPs, Dave and I do. And I can assure you
that, in fact, we had one just earlier this week or last week. And they all still feel very, very good about
the forecast and the guidance that we're giving out there for the balance of this fiscal year.

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. But I would assume that all else equal, you're going to have stronger growth in 4Q just given the
easier comps. So it kind of builds sequentially.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Absolutely. I mean non-GAAP is going to grow faster in Q4 than Q3 and GAAP, definitely. Because like I
mentioned in my opening comments, the deconversion impact on Q3 is just -- is a huge compared to last
year.

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. No, that's fair. And you touched on it a little bit. I just wanted to focus on payments in the
quarter for a second. Maybe talk a little bit about the pieces. How is bill pay doing? I assume some of
the weakness in this quarter is just from lower transactions, but maybe if you kind of normalized for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

transactions like what payments would have grown. Just trying to understand kind of the pieces there and
how we should think about that as the economy recovers.

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So you're absolutely right on. So overall transaction count in the payments business is up around
11% year-over-year for the same quarter. So payments volume is back as far as I'm concerned. But it is
bill pay that is the kind of the lagger. So bill pay is only up about 2% year-over-year. It's a very mature
business, just not growing very fast. And we are continuing to add customers, but nowhere near the pace
that we were several years ago.

So between the card platform, and then don't forget our ACH origination platform. That continues to grow
with real-time payments and all the fun stuff we're doing there. People tend to think of ACH as being old.
And of course, it has been around for a long time, but it still grows rapidly. There is still a lot of volume
going through that platform as well. So between our ACH origination platform and the card platform, we're
-- growth is back, I guess, I'll put it that way.

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And I think pre-pandemic, you guys had talked about approaching double-digit growth in payments.
Is there any reason why once everything comes back and normalize for the pandemic, that's not still on
the table?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Well, I mean, yes, JD, I mean, we talked about that. And I think that's still an extreme possibility. But
again, like I said, in my comments, as long as the economy continues to open up and pick up and goes
forward, with some of the new wins that we're having on both debit and credit and even on our bill pay
and direct bill pay, I think, payments could get back closer not to double-digit growth.

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And the last one for me. Kevin, the margin was obviously quite a bit better this quarter. The margin
guide, I guess, the implied guide would assume that maybe not all of this is sustainable, considering you
get 90 basis points in 4Q from the payments platform migration. So just trying to think about is there
potential upside to the margin. Or are you guys -- was there anything specific in this quarter that's more
kind of onetime-ish? And any changes to the, call it, 50 to 75 basis points of kind of normalized operating
leverage once we kind of get to the other side of the pandemic in the payments platform migration?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes, JD, so that's a good question. Obviously, there're some -- there's a lot of moving parts, a lot of
strange things going on in our financials right now. Is there some potential upside for Q4? Absolutely. But
when you look at Q3, I mean, some of the big savings we got were definitely travel-related because our
people just aren't moving because of restrictions and different things. But that also impacts revenue.

So as I mentioned some of them in my comments, I mean, license, hardware, implementation, billable
travel is all down. And so when we do get to start traveling again, the travel expense will go up and we --
and our salespeople are starting to get out there and move a little bit, and some of our installs are moving
a little bit more. So our travel cost is going to go up. Yes, some of that's billable, which also increased
revenue. But remember that in our business, the revenue is all kind of delayed.

So even though our travel expenses may go up and other costs go up, the revenue related to that travel
is probably not going to happen for a quarter or more. So there's potential for some negative impact on
margins in the short term, but it's going to drag along all that revenue. So I -- so you're absolutely right,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

there is some potential upside from our Q4. And once we get in -- get past this and into more of a regular
cadence, I think, we can go right back into that regular margin expansion that we've seen historically.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of [ Nick Rima ] from Crédit Suisse.

Unknown Analyst

I just wanted to follow-up on the core segment. I mean just given the RFP pipeline strength that you guys
have been calling out since like last summer and into the fall and this quarter. I mean should we start to
see an inflection back towards pre-COVID levels of new core wins in the core segment, starting in the back
half of '21 or early '22?

And then just as my follow-up, how should we think about the impacts of the core segment's growth next
year, just given the relatively lower level of new wins since COVID began?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That's [indiscernible] questions you've asked there. But what to expect. The best guidance I can
give you there is that the pipeline, the incoming pipeline as far as the deal volume that we're working
today is back to the level that it was pre pandemic. Now can I predict exactly when things will sign and
close? That's -- it's more art than science when it comes to timing on those things. But if we assume
that we'll win at the same rate that we're winning -- that we were winning pre pandemic, and we know
that the pipeline is at about the same level as it was pre pandemic, logically, we can assume, I think,
that sometime later this calendar year, the rate of wins will be similar to what we were experiencing pre
pandemic.

And then the thing to keep in mind is once we sign a new core deal, the revenue doesn't hit the P&L. The
majority of the revenue doesn't hit the P&L, oftentimes for at least a year afterwards. And once we start
a conversion, that conversion is a major impact to the financial institution, as I was highlighting earlier,
some people call it rip and replace where you're taking everything out and replacing it with a brand-new
system. Well, that takes many months of planning and operation to get that conversion completed. So the
revenue -- the big chunk of revenue normally follows often times a year after we've signed the contract or
announced a win.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Next question comes from the line of Ken Suchoski of Autonomous Research.

Ken Suchoski

I was just wondering if you could talk about how you expect your new sales to trend as the economy
reopens. It looks like the sales pipeline is quite strong. And I was just curious if you expect that to
accelerate as you get back into seeing these customers in person. So any expectation there would be
really helpful.

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's a good question. As I highlighted in my opening comments, the quarter we just finished was the
fifth largest sales booking quarter we've ever had in the history of the company. Well, that's pretty good.
So saying that I expect it to accelerate significantly, probably isn't a reasonable position to take. But what
I do expect, as we just talked about in the last question is more on the core-signing side. I expect as we
go forward that we'll start to see more on the core-signing side.

The thing that will be interesting to watch is, can we sustain the pace that we've seen on the
complementary side. Because if we can increase core bookings and sustain the complementary bookings,
that's significant, that's meaningful. I'm not ready to say that, that's achievable, but that will certainly
be our objective. And I think we have the opportunity to do that because we're getting all of this great
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

recognition for some of this wonderful technology that we've been rolling out here, particularly in the area
of digital. So we'll have to see how that goes as time goes forward, but that's my hope.

Ken Suchoski

That's helpful. And I guess just a longer-term margin question. I mean it looks like your margins have
declined versus where they were maybe 6, 7 years ago. I mean can you just talk about the main drivers of
that? And is there an opportunity to get those margins back to those levels or even above those levels?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes. So the big thing, I mean, if you're going to go back 6 or 7 years, and you really can't go back that far
because you can really only go back to 2017 because when we restated for ASC 606, that was the farthest
back we went. So you really can't look beyond that and get a true comparison of margins because ASC
606 definitely changed how we recognize revenue and had a significant impact on margins.

But from '17 forward, the primary impact on our margins has been 2 things. One, the migration to the
new card platform has increased our cost because we haven't been able to reduce any cost until we get
through the migration, which, as Dave said in his opening comments, is going to be complete at the end of
March. So we will start to see that cost savings. We'll see a nice rebound in margins in Q4 and then a full
year of that cost reduction in FY '22.

The other thing that's happened since '17 is we have literally sold no new core business. So there's been
virtually no new core license revenue which is very high-margin business happening in the last 3 or 4
years. I mean on the bank side, I think, we have sold maybe 3 or 4 in-house deals since 2017. On the
crediting side, not bearing any more than that. And most of those were smaller bank deals for our core
director solution. So we -- so those are the 2 primary drivers as COGS at marts come down.

Now what's going to happen is, like I said, you'll see margin improve in Q4. We'll continue to see it
improve in the following year. We have gone through the transition of getting -- I mean, our license and
hardware revenue is now very small percentage of our total revenue, so very little impact from that. So
as we continue to migrate our -- in -- our on-prem customers to our private cloud and continue to sell
additional card business and our card -- and our private cloud business continues to become a much larger
percentage of our total revenue, that's a very high-margin business. Our margins will continue to grow
and get back to the historical rates in FY '23 and beyond.

Ken Suchoski

That makes a lot of sense. And if I could just squeeze one last one here. Just that divestiture, what was
the revenue impact in the base here that you're assuming for the full year? I know you gave it for the 3
months and the 6 months, but just curious what the full year impact was.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

So the revenue for the core business, that's really what we sold was the core business of crews, which was
140 very small credit unions. That we divested October 1, and the quarterly revenue from that was right
at $1.2 million, just like represented in the press release this quarter. So the total for this fiscal year on
the GAAP to non-GAAP adjustment will be just under $3.7 million for the 3 quarters in this fiscal year.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over
to Kevin for closing remarks.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Jay. First of all, I want to let everybody know that we are planning an Analyst Day this spring, the
virtual event. And again, it will be held virtual. It's planned to be held on Tuesday, May 11, so please mark

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

your calendars to save the date. We will be sending out an invitation with a schedule of events, timing
and an online registration soon, and it will be sent to individuals. Please don't share it because we want to
know who's actually attending this virtual event. But please be looking for this invite in your e-mail inbox
in the near future.

Now to wrap up the call, we are very pleased with the overall results from our ongoing operations. I want
to thank all of our associates for the way they have handled these challenges by taking care of themselves
and our customers and continue to work hard to improve our company on so many fronts for the future.
All of us at Jack Henry continue to focus on what is best for our customers and our shareholders. With
that, I want to thank you again for joining us today. And Jay, if you would please provide the replay
number, I'd appreciate it.

Operator

Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating.
You may now disconnect.
For the replay, please dial (800) 585-8367. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

