Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:JKHY
FQ1 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 09, 2021 1:45 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2022-

-FQ2 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.32

1.38

4.55

1.09

4.61

5.10

Revenue  (mm)

489.98

488.06

(0.39 %)

460.70

1903.65

2043.75

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-09-2021 1:43 PM GMT

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.87

0.85

0.92

1.32

0.94

0.95

1.04

1.38

8.05 %

11.76 %

13.04 %

4.55 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO &
President

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

ANALYSTS

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Dominick Joseph Gabriele
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Kenneth Christopher Suchoski
Autonomous Research LLP

Unknown Analyst

Vasundhara Govil
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Jack Henry & Associates First Quarter FY
2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And please be advised that today's conference is
being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker for today, Kevin Williams, CFO and
Treasurer. You may begin, sir.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Brian. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Jack & Henry Associates First Quarter Fiscal
2022 Earnings Call. I am Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer. And on the call with me today is David Foss,
Board Chair, President and CEO of Jack Henry.

In just a minute, I'll turn the call over to Dave to provide some of his thoughts about the state of our
business, financial and sales performance for the quarter, comments regarding the industry in general and
some other key initiatives that we have in place. Then after Dave concludes his comments, I will provide
some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market
close and also provide some comments regarding our updated guidance for our fiscal year 2022 provided
in the release yesterday. And then we will open the lines up for Q&A.

First, I need to remind you that this call includes certain forward-looking statements, including remarks
or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or
results. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors that could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and
uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements.

For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release
and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements. On this call, we will
also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP operating
income. The reconciliations for historical non-GAAP financial measures can be found in yesterday's press
release.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave.

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another strong quarter of revenue
and operating income growth. As always, I'd like to begin today by thanking our associates for all the hard
work and commitment that went into producing those results for our first fiscal quarter, particularly in
light of the challenges posed by the ongoing pandemic. We continue to operate with well over 90% of our
employees working full-time remote and continue to evaluate options regarding an appropriate return to
office target for all affected employees.

With that, let's shift our focus to look at our performance for the quarter we completed in September. For
the first quarter of fiscal 2022, total revenue increased 8% for the quarter and increased 9% on a non-
GAAP basis. Deconversion fees were down more than $2 million over the prior year quarter.

Turning to the segments. We had another solid quarter in the Core segment of our business. Revenue
increased by 8% for the quarter and increased by 9% on a non-GAAP basis. Our Payments segment again
performed well and also posted an 8% increase in revenue this quarter and a 9% increase on a non-GAAP
basis. We also had another strong quarter in our Complementary Solutions businesses, with a 9% increase
in revenue this quarter and a 9% increase on a non-GAAP basis.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

Traditionally, our first quarter has been our lightest sales bookings quarter because our fourth quarter
tends to be extremely strong, and the sales pipeline is depleted as a result. As you may recall, the June
quarter was the strongest sales quarter in the history of the company, so we certainly expected this
historical trend to hold true. What we experienced, however, was just the opposite.

The performance of the sales organization was again very strong, with a number of notable wins. In the
quarter, we booked 6 competitive core takeaways and 10 deals to move existing in-house customers to
our private cloud environment. Although our rate of 6 takeaways is light as compared to our normal run
rate, it is clear to me that a number of deals fell into the month of October because we booked 6 more
core takeaways in October alone.

As we've discussed on prior calls, our convert merge backlog is a good indicator for us of what to expect
with coming mergers and acquisitions within our base of customers. We can now see that M&A in the
banking space will be very active this year because almost all of our conversion slots for acquired banks
are full for the year. We are working to evaluate whether or not we need to add more conversion teams
to keep up with the activity. You should expect to see a corresponding increase in deconversion revenue
as some of our institutions are acquired by others in the space. Kevin will provide more detail on this line
when he shares his comments.

We continue to see good success with our new card processing solution, signing 6 new debit processing
clients this quarter and 1 new credit client. We also continue to see great success signing clients to our
Banno digital suite, with 35 new contracts in Q1. Speaking of our digital suite, we are continuing to
implement new financial institution clients on the Banno platform at a similar pace to recent quarters.

At the end of Q1, we surpassed 6 million registered users on the platform, and that number is growing
at about 125,000 users per month. At the same time, our Banno platform continues to hold one of the
highest consumer ratings in the App Store. The Banno digital suite is well down the path to becoming the
industry-leading digital banking solution.

The continued success we've seen with sales and adoption of our digital suite is consistent with the
expectations coming out of the Bank Director Technology Survey published in August. As they do every
year, Bank Director surveyed hundreds of their subscribers during June and July regarding a variety of
technology prioritization and spending topics. More than 50% of the responses they received were from
bank CEOs and/or Board members, with almost 80% of the respondent banks greater than $500 million in
assets.

This year's survey showed an interesting shift as more than 70% of the responding banks had moved
efficiency of operation to the top of their priority list, and improved customer experience and an improved
digital experience followed closely behind. To further the point regarding an improved digital experience,
this year, 54% of the respondents indicated that their customers prefer to interact with their bank using a
digital channel rather than in-branch or over the phone.

The survey also indicated that the median increase in expected technology spending for the coming year
was 10% as compared to the prior year. All of this bodes well for the future of our digital suite as well as
the other solutions offered by Jack Henry, which help facilitate an improved customer experience and an
opportunity to enhance efficiency in the financial institution.

As many of you know, we normally conduct our 2 largest client conferences in the fall each year. This year,
we combined those conferences into one event and, again, hosted these sessions virtually. We had hoped
to be in-person this year, but because of the size of the event, we decided that wasn't prudent.

As we saw last year, attendance was much larger than our in-person conferences because nobody had to
incur any travel expense, and they were able to readily drop into virtual sessions. We were pleased to be
able to successfully interact in a virtual setting with many of our existing clients and prospects.

Last week, we announced 2 pending retirements from our leadership team. Our long-time CFO and
Treasurer, Kevin Williams; and our CTO, Ted Bilke, have both announced their intent to retire next
summer. As we shared in the press release, we already have a search in process to find Kevin's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

replacement, and we'll be considering both internal and external candidates. Kevin will be with us until we
identify the right person and have them fully prepared to take the reins.

Ted will transition out of his role in January when Ben Metz, our current Head of Digital Solutions, will
become our Chief Digital and Technology Officer. Ted will stay for several months after that to help Ben
with the transition.

Of course, we have many months before each of them actually retire, so I have lots of time to thank them
for their many years of service to our associates, customers and shareholders. But I would be remiss if
I didn't acknowledge how much I've enjoyed working with each of them and how much I appreciate the
approach each of them has taken to executing these much-deserved retirements.

Next week, we will conduct our Annual Shareholder Meeting. We will be hosting this meeting in person in
Monett, but we'll abide by strict COVID protocols to ensure a safe event for all attendees. We are excited
to be able to meet with our shareholders in person again, but we are also very aware of the ongoing
pandemic-related concerns that arise when you assemble a group of people.

We will start an hour earlier than in past years. We'll require all attendees to be masked, and we won't be
serving a lunch following the meeting. With these changes, I'm confident we will have a productive and
safe meeting.

In our ongoing attempt to communicate effectively regarding our ESG-related efforts, we recently
published our ESG statement, which provides a succinct and centralized overview of Jack Henry's ESG
commitments and material environmental and social topics. Additionally, it points readers toward other
related policies like our human rights policy.

We've also published an environmental policy that highlights our commitment to sustainability and proper
environmental management practices. Both documents can be found on our new Corporate Responsibility
website via Investor Relations. We created this website to house our sustainability reports and provide a
centralized location for Jack Henry's ESG information.

Speaking of sustainability reports, our next sustainability report covering calendar year 2021 will be
published in March. We have continued to make major advances across our environmental, social and
governance initiatives, and the Board has established a quarterly cadence to discuss ESG matters.

As we move forward, I'm very optimistic regarding our levels of sales activity and customer responses
to solutions we're delivering and the strategies we are executing. We will continue with our disciplined
approach to running the company, and we expect that approach to continue to provide stability and solid
performance for our employees, customers and shareholders.

With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Dave. Services and support revenue increased 6% in the first quarter of FY '22 compared to
the same quarter a year ago. As Dave mentioned, our deconversion fees were actually down $2 million
compared to last year or 37% for the quarter. License revenue was down slightly compared to the prior
year, and our hardware revenue was down $4 million or 39% compared to Q1 a year ago. This is due to
our customers continuing to choose our private cloud delivery and, therefore, not purchasing hardware.

Services and support line of revenue -- primary revenue drivers were our software subscription revenue
and our data processing hosting fees in our private and public cloud offerings, which, combined, continued
to show strong growth in the quarter compared to the previous year, growing combined by 10% for the
quarter. However, the growth in this line was slowed significantly due to the product delivery and services
revenue, which includes the previously mentioned deconversion fees, license and hardware, along with
implementation and convert merge revenue, which, combined, were down by a total of 9% compared to
the prior year quarter. Therefore, total support and services net grew 6% for the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

Our processing revenue increased 12% in the first quarter FY '22 compared to the same quarter last fiscal
year. This increase was primarily driven by higher card volumes with new customers installed last year
and increased debit card usage from existing customers. Our Jack Henry digital revenue continues to show
strong growth as demand for our Banno digital platform continues to be very strong.

As Dave mentioned, total revenue was up 8% for the quarter compared to last year on a GAAP basis
and 9% on a non-GAAP basis. Our cost of revenue was up 5% compared to last year's first quarter. The
increase is primarily due to higher costs associated with customer maintenance, card and transaction
processing, along with higher personnel costs, compared to a year ago.

Research and development expense increased 3% for the quarter of FY '22 compared to last year. This
increase is primarily due to personnel costs. And our SG&A expense increased 13% in the first quarter
compared to the same quarter in the previous year. And this increase was due primarily to increased
personnel costs and travel-related costs compared to last year as travel increased significantly in Q1
compared to last year.

Our reported consolidated operating margins increased from 26% last year to 27.4% in the current year
or 140 bps increase. And on a non-GAAP basis, operating margins expanded from 25.2% last year to
26.9% this year for a 170 bps expansion. We had margin expansion in all 3 of our reporting operating
segments on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis.

The effective tax rate for the first quarter of fiscal '22 increased to 23.4% compared to 22.4% in the same
quarter a year ago, which is in line with the guidance we provided on the previous call. Our net income
grew 12% to $102.1 million for the first fiscal quarter compared to $91.2 million last year, with earnings
per share of $1.38 for the quarter compared to $1.19 last year for a $0.19 or 16% increase year-over-
year.

For cash flow, our total amortization increased 2% for the quarter compared to last year due to capitalized
software projects being placed into service. Included in total amortization is the amortization of intangibles
related to acquisitions, which decreased to $4.3 million this year compared to $4.4 million in last year's
quarter. Our depreciation was down 2% compared to the prior fiscal year. And during the quarter, we paid
dividends of $34 million.

Our operating cash flow was $106.5 million for the year, which was down from $114.5 million last
year, which decreased primarily due to the timing and change of various operating assets and liabilities
considered in the calculation of operating cash flow. We invested $46.5 million back into our company
through CapEx and capitalized software. Our free cash flow, which is operating cash flow less CapEx and
cap software and adding back net proceeds from disposed assets, was $60.1 million for the quarter.

Our cash position at September 30 was $44.3 million compared to $195.3 million a year ago, primarily
due to the significant stock repurchasing we did last year. We had $65 million drawn on our revolver at the
end of the quarter, and we had no other long-term debt on our balance sheet other than leases. Return
on our average assets for trailing 12 months is 13.7%. Our return on invested capital for the trailing 12
months is 21.5%, and return on equity for the trailing 12 months was 21.9%, which are all very strong.

For FY '22 guidance, we provided both GAAP and non-GAAP updated revenue guidance in the press release
yesterday for fiscal '22. We also provided a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP revenue in the release,
immediately following the segment information in the release yesterday. However, just to be clear, this
guidance continues to assume that the country continues to open and the economy continues to improve.
And if things were to go differently, obviously, this guidance will be revised.

For GAAP revenue growth for fiscal '22 based on the amounts in the release yesterday, our revenue
guidance is a range of 8.6% to 9.1% approximately over previous year. We now anticipate deconversion
revenue to be approximately $42 million to $43 million for the entire fiscal year, with a significant
percentage of that being in Q2 and Q3. For non-GAAP revenue growth, we continue to guide to a range of
7.5% to 8% growth for the fiscal year. Obviously, these will be updated during the year.

We continue to anticipate GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins to improve in FY '22 compared to last
year as we should have very nice margin expansion in our Payments segment and anticipate higher

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

deconversion fees. However, I continue to be somewhat cautious on guiding to too much of an operating
margin expansion as we will continue to have headwinds on license and order revenue as we continue to
move core customers from on-premise to our private cloud, and also travel costs will continue to increase
significantly compared to the prior year.

Our effective tax rate for FY '22 continues to be projected slightly higher at approximately 23% compared
to the prior year, obviously, significant changes in corporate tax structure could change this guidance. And
our FY '22 GAAP EPS guidance is a range of $4.64 to $4.73, which is an increase from the prior guidance
of $4.53 to $4.60.
This concludes our opening comments. We are now ready to take questions. Brian, will you please open
the call lines up for questions?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] [indiscernible] [ Vasundhara Govil ] with KBW.

Vasundhara Govil
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

And I wanted to congratulate Kevin on announcement of your retirement. We'll be sad to see you go, but
we have a couple of more quarters to talk with you. I guess, my first question is on the convert merger
comment that I think, David, you made that you're seeing strength there.

I know, last quarter, you kind of have said that you expected to be better this year, but it didn't seem like
you were really including much in the guide. So I just wanted to get a sense of what you're including in
the guide versus what could be sort of upside based on what you're seeing?

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

So I think every -- as I said in my comments, the convert merge slots -- and just to make sure everybody
is clear, when we reference convert merge, it happens when one of our institutions is acquiring another
institution. They notify us well ahead of time, well before the conversion actually -- or the acquisition
actually happens. They notify us that they will need our help to convert the acquired institution on to the
Jack Henry platform. And so we hold those slots.

And -- so in the past several weeks here, that volume has increased significantly of customers contacting
us to hold conversion slots and essentially sign contracts to -- a lot goes in. And so that's why, what I said
in my comments was, every conversion slot now on the banking side of our business is filled for convert
merge activity through the remainder of the fiscal year. And we're evaluating whether or not we need to
add more teams.

And the reason for that evaluation is, we have to keep an eye on, does a deal fall through? Since they
notify us well ahead of time and ask us to hold a slot, then they -- they will be -- we'll sort of contract in
front of them. But does that deal fall through? We have a -- we've been doing this for a long time. We're
very good at predicting what's going to actually happen and what's not.

But everything that we have today that is known, that is booked, is worked into the guidance that Kevin
provided to you. But there is more potential opportunity out there. We may stand up if demand justifies it.
We may stand up an additional conversion team or even 2 conversion teams. We've done that in the past.
And so we'll just kind of have to follow that as it goes.

But what we know today is included in the guidance that Kevin has shared with you, but there is still
potentially more opportunity there based on what happens with our customers. The key messaging there
was just for you all to know that convert merge or M&A is back in the banking space.

And so that not only is a real positive for us -- and that we have customers acquiring other customers,
and we generally are paid on account volume and transaction volume, so that's good for us when they get
merged in. But then also, for you to be aware, that deconversion revenue will probably go up because we
know that some of our customers will also be acquired away from us as M&A continues to grow.

Vasundhara Govil
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

That's very helpful color. And just the follow-up I had was on the Payments segment. It had seemed to
me, coming to the quarter, that 1Q would probably be the high watermark and then kind of level off from
there. I think just the revenues in the quarter were a tad lighter than what we were modeling. I just -- I'm
curious to see where they came in relative to your internal expectations.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

And I know debit volumes sort of rolled off a bit. Is that probably impactful to your Payments segment?
And then if you could also comment on what's going on in the bill pay business. I know software trends
across the peer group, but if you could just comment on -- if you have any insights on -- is that just more
competition from digital wallets, or something else, which is driving bill pay revenue to be flattish?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes. So there's a lot in the -- on the Payments line, of course, 3, and you kind of highlighted there. So 3
primary components in the Payments line for us or the Payments segment for us: there's bill pay revenue;
there's card revenue, debit and credit; and then there is what we refer to as EPS, Enterprise Payment
Solutions.

The bill pay line or the bill pay business continues to be relatively flat. I mean there's some growth, but
as we've talked about on the call before, anybody who needs a bill pay solution has a bill pay solution.
Volumes aren't really fluctuating that much. So it's relatively flat on the bill pay business.

The card business is continuing to grow. We're seeing nice growth not only because we're adding
customers, but because now, as the pandemic numbers have dropped again here in the early fall,
transaction volumes -- we've seen a definite correlation between transaction volumes increasing as
infections have -- reported infections have dropped. And so that's a key part.

But the Enterprise Payments business is continuing to grow very nicely. It's the smallest piece of that
segment, but the fastest-growing piece of that segment. And that is driven by Remote Deposit Capture,
but also by ACH originations.

And so we have a number of customers who have signed with that platform recently and some that we'll
announce next year, I think, as they come live, that will be continuing to drive big volumes through that
platform. So it's the combination of those things that I think are driving the Payments revenue, and all of
those are positioned well for continued growth in the coming year.

Operator

Next we have Kartik Mehta with Northcoast.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Dave, I wanted to maybe get a little bit more on your sales pipeline question. I think when you spoke
last earnings call, you talked -- thought that FY '22 pipeline would be up 3% to 5%, if I remember my
numbers right. And I'm wondering what your expectations are. It sounds like things are going well, but I
would be interested in what your expectations are for the growth in that pipeline for this fiscal year.

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes, it's a good question. I have no hesitation about reaffirming 3% to 5%. Can it be greater than 5%? It's
a little early, probably, for me to commit to that. But I will, again, say with no hesitation, 3% to 5% and,
in fact, on the high end of that. I'd easily sign up for 5% based on what we're seeing right now.

The core -- it's been interesting watching core deals as we've come out of the real trough of the
pandemic. And obviously, the pandemic isn't over, but core deals are really lumpy right now. But there is a
tremendous amount of activity as far as that side of the business.

And then if you look at the rest of the suite at Jack Henry, the forecasts are looking -- or the pipelines are
looking very, very strong right now. So I'm, like I say, very comfortable signing up for the high end of that
guide. And it could be even higher, but I think we need a little more time under our belt here to make sure
that I'm not overextending.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

Yes. And Kevin, I know you talked about gross margins, and you want to be a little bit cautious. But you
had an excellent quarter this quarter. It seems like margins are probably better than you thought. I'm
wondering maybe your reluctance to think it will be better than the 50 basis points you talked about last
fiscal year, or is it just too early, in your opinion? Or are there other things that might impact margins that
we should be aware of?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes. I mean, Kartik, there's so many moving parts this year that are coming back that weren't there
last year. So I mean deconversion fees are obviously going to be higher. As Dave mentioned, convert
merge -- I mean M&A activity just drives so many different moving parts within our financials. I mean, so
obviously, travel is going to be a lot higher. So there's other costs there. Our salespeople are getting out
and traveling more. So just the travel expense is going to be higher.

I mean, is it possible that our total margin expense should be higher? Yes. Obviously, the Q1 margins are
probably the highest of the year because of all the software subscription revenue that we recognized in Q1
for all the software that's been delivered in the previous years. So this is a high watermark for margins for
the year.

But the other thing I'll say is, Kartik, you know, the quarter -- it was down almost 40% this quarter, which
was -- that actually helps our margins by hardware revenue being down, which -- I mean, it sounds weird.
But if hardware revenue would level out and go back up a little bit for the rest of the year, as I'm sure IBM
will come out with additional hardware upgrades, could that impact our margins? Yes. So I mean, I'm still
very comfortable that we can hit the 50 bps. And could it be higher than that? Yes. But I'm not -- I'm just
not ready to step out on that limb yet.

Operator

Next we have Pete Heckmann with D.A. Davidson.

Unknown Analyst

This is John on for Pete. Just a quick question. I know you touched on that in the prepared remarks, but
what was the expectation for deconversion fees? And how does it land in each quarter again?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

So we increased deconversion fees. We think it's going to be somewhere around $42 million to $43
million. And again, that's looking in a crystal ball because there's -- we don't know for sure that, that's
what's going to be. That's just kind of the indications that we're getting. But we think, probably, 80% of
that will probably be in Q2 and Q3 based on what we know right now. So deconversion fees in Q2 and Q3
could be $15 million-or-so plus in each of those quarters.

Unknown Analyst

Got it. Got it. And that non-GAAP Payments segment growth of -- was 9%, what was the segment's --
would -- could you see that grew notably faster or slower than the segment average?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

I assume you're referencing my comments earlier, John, about the 3 different pieces of the Payments
segment. Is that what you're asking about?

Unknown Analyst

Yes, exactly.

Kevin D. Williams

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

CFO & Treasurer

So 3 pieces: bill pay; our card business, debit and credit; and then what we refer to as EPS, Enterprise
Payment Solutions, which is Remote Deposit Capture, ACH. The Enterprise Payment Solutions business is
growing the fastest, but it's the smallest of those 3 components. So the card business is the largest, the
bill pay business, second largest.

Bill pay, really, relatively flat. I mean, it's growing a little bit. But like I said, almost anybody who needs
bill pay has bill pay, and volumes don't change that much in that piece of the segment. But the card
business is growing nicely, both because of new customers that we're adding and because of just volumes
picking up again. And then the fastest is also the smallest, which is Enterprise Payments.

Operator

Next we have David Koning with Baird.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And I guess, first of all, just as we look at the market, we hear a lot about the super apps and how they're
progressing. Is there much difference that a super app can do than what kind of Banno -- a client that's on
the Banno system can do? And do you even do some work for a lot of the super apps to help them grow
as well?

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

1

Well, I'm not exactly sure what you're including in the super app bucket, Dave. I mean there's lots of
stuff going on out there. We are working -- so the thing about the Banno platform is it is built to work
with -- to be an open API-based platform. So modern technology stack, open API-based platform. You
saw -- hopefully, you saw the press release we did in October where we announced the partnership and
integration of Finicity, Akoya and Plaid. So all of those relationships are designed to provide greater
functionality on this digital platform to connect fintech solutions to other fintech solutions.

Our goal with the platform is not only to offer the best experience for the consumer and small business
through a single digital experience, but also to provide the best platform in the industry to create that
interconnectivity of applications to other applications. The other thing that we're trying to do through all of
that -- this is important, when you compare kind of the modern technology stack like we have with Banno
as compared to other things that are out there, is we are close to being able to eliminate screen scraping.

And if you're not -- if you're not familiar with that term of screen scraping, that's what happens with older
applications, where a consumer -- let's say you're trying to consolidate all of your accounts on one -- in
one experience on one spot, one digital experience. Well, the old approach, which most companies out
there are using widely today, is green scraping, where the consumer provides their credentials, their log
on and password into some central location, and that central location goes out and essentially simulates
being a consumer going on and pulling down balance information.

Well, you can probably imagine the security -- potential security and privacy issues that come along with
that. And so we've been working very diligently for several years to eliminate all of that in our platforms.
And this integration that we've done with Finicity, Akoya and Plaid and the other moves that we've made
with our digital platform have us right on the cusp of eliminating all of that well ahead of anybody else,
any of our traditional competitors, when it comes to offering a truly state-of-the-art digital experience.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Got you. Yes. Because it looks to us like growth in core and, really, the whole business, you're doing about
as good or actually better. Like, your Core segment's about the best it's been in a few years in terms of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

growth. Like, it just seems like momentum is as strong as ever. There's no real like competitive changes in
the environment. If anything, it seems like the environment is strengthening maybe for you. Is that fair to
say?

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes, it's fair to say. So we are -- you're accurate. We're signing -- and I have emphasized that many times,
signing core takeaways, gaining share on the core side of the business. But a lot of that is driven by all
this other outstanding technology that we're delivering and the tight integration that we're doing not just
with Jack Henry products, other Jack Henry products, but Jack Henry products to the other things out
there in the industry that people want to be able to use, the fintech solutions out there. We are providing
that connectivity easily.

In the press release, again, by -- referring back to the Finicity, Akoya and Plaid release, if you look at
the headline, it's 0 cost, 0 lift. So we're doing all that for our customers, 0 cost, 0 lift. Why would you
do that? A, it's the right thing to do, but b, in the long run, it's less expensive for us as a provider if our
customers will adopt those types of things. All of that though, all of that approach, all of that philosophy
around delivering technology is being recognized in our industry. And Jack Henry is getting credit for it,
and customers are moving to our platforms as a result.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

And Dave, one more thing. Just remember that one of the big drivers in our core growth is the continued
movement of existing on-prem customers to our private cloud. Because we get a nice lift in revenue when
we move those. And as Dave said in his opening comments, we signed 10 more in Q1 to make that move.
And we're seeing larger FIs that are on-prem that are electing to make that move as well.

Operator

Next we have Kenneth Suchoski with Autonomous.

Kenneth Christopher Suchoski
Autonomous Research LLP

I just wanted to follow up on that last comment about that -- the shift in core customer from on-prem to
the private cloud. I mean what's -- maybe you can help us understand the revenue lift that you might get
from that on a per customer per unit basis.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes. So on average, if you look at the -- an on-prem customer day, everything that they're paying us,
which would be in-house maintenance, could be disaster recovery, it could be hardware maintenance,
there's several buckets on the line items of revenue that they could be paying us. But on average, when
an on-prem customer moves to our private cloud, the revenue that we get out of that customer essentially
doubles.

And there's very little cost increase because, remember, it's the exact same software. It's the exact same
support organization. Our -- we've got the infrastructure in place with our data centers. So there's very
high margin from that additional revenue when we move those customers from on-prem to our private
cloud.

Kenneth Christopher Suchoski
Autonomous Research LLP

Okay. That's really helpful. And then maybe just a question on the Payments segment. I mean it looks
like, on a non-GAAP basis, the growth in this segment slowed from about 17% last quarter to 9% this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

quarter. I mean what drove that slowdown? And I guess, what are your expectations for that segment
going forward?

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

I don't recall the 17%. I mean that segment is growing very well. We're very happy with what's happening
in the segment.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Well ...

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

We don't remember us reporting 17% last quarter.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Well, but you also got to remember that the last quarter was compared to the previous year's quarter that
was what was significantly impacted by COVID.

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

It was the debt, the payments.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes. It was the debt, the payments in April and the first part of May in '20. So it was a very easy comp in
-- for Q4 of '21 compared to Q4 '20. So I think the 9% growth we showed this quarter is probably more an
example of what you're going to see for the entire fiscal year.

Kenneth Christopher Suchoski
Autonomous Research LLP

Okay. That's fine. And then just last one for me, just on the share repurchases. I don't think you guys
bought back any stock in the quarter. I think, in the prior quarter, you had a larger buyback. Just, I guess,
thoughts on overall capital allocation at this point? And what are your thoughts on repurchases at the
current stock price?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes. So I mean, obviously, we're going to continue to buy back stock here and there. I will tell you that
this quarter -- one of the reasons that we were -- we didn't buy any stock back was we were actually
trying to get some tax planning in place based on what the new administration was proposing on the
table. Because we were going to use -- we will potentially use a significant amount of cash to pay upfront
taxes for a number of reasons.

But now that they're changing the corporate tax structure, and actually, they took it totally back out to
where they're not even going to change the 21%, so I mean, it's a wildcard right now. But I mean, as the
tax landscape kind of -- we figure out exactly where it's going to be, obviously, we will use some of our
capital to buy back more stock during the year.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Next we have Dominick Gabriele with Oppenheimer.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

Dominick Joseph Gabriele
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Great. I appreciate the commentary on Banno and the partnerships with other fintechs. I guess, what
open APIs are typically adopted with Banno across your peers? And could you just offer that functionality
in-house? Maybe just discuss the puts and takes why partnerships are the way to go versus just
expanding the capabilities. Or maybe I'm just not understanding the dynamic there. And I just have a
follow-up.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Sure. Yes. So I'll try not to be -- I think you're misunderstanding the dynamic. So you said it yourself, and
I'll just repeat that. When we use the term partnership, that doesn't mean that we're reselling somebody
else's stuff that we're exchanging revenue, that there's something like that or that we're missing a piece.
In this day and age, with all of the new feature function that's happening with fintechs and with the
demand that our customers, that bankers have from their customers, their consumers to use different
things, different pieces of technology that they've come across, the future for banking and the future for a
provider like us is to provide open connectivity so that the customer, our customer, the banker can choose
to integrate whatever they want to integrate into our platform.

What we're moving toward -- what consumers are moving toward is they're very sensitive to the fact
that the data is their data. Like I'm the consumer, it's my data. It's not your data, it's my data. And so
it happens to be housed at this bank, but I want access to that data. And so the bank is now, more than
ever, very sensitive to that idea that they need to provide access to that data in a secure manner to a
variety of different sources that the consumer chooses to want to use or that the bank may choose to
want to use.

So we are continuing to innovate on our technology. I mean the reason that the Banno platform is so
well regarded and has the highest ratings in the App Store is because we have the best functionality out
there. But you can't do everything, right? Every -- not every idea that every fintech comes up, it's just not
possible to write all of that code into 1 application.

And so providing that platform for open connectivity is the best of all worlds. It gives us this reputation
of being open and being innovative, but it also provides the banker the opportunity to connect whatever
they want to connect into that platform and take advantage of the data for the benefit of their consumer,
whether the consumer is an individual or if it's a small business. And so -- what we are doing today
is being recognized regularly as being really industry-leading in providing that open connectivity and
that opportunity for the banker to choose, as opposed to us going to them and say, "You must use our
platform, whether you like it or not."

And this is not new for us. We have always been extremely open. I'm back from when Jack and Jerry
started the company 45 years ago. We've always been open because we started as just a core provider,
and we had to let them use any third party. I mean, if you think about our investor conference that Dave
referred to in his opening comments, I mean, we typically have well over 100 and over 300 other vendors
at our tech fair to show up their wares. So we've always been open. The fact that open APIs just makes it
that much easier for a third party to integrate into our core solutions.

Dominick Joseph Gabriele
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Perfect. I really appreciate it. And then as you think about the net M&A activity affecting your partners,
how do you think that could change the geography of your average asset size, of your underlying banking
credit union mix? And where do you typically win, and which size clients get taken away from the Jack
Henry platform? And then perhaps -- sorry.

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

Go ahead.

Dominick Joseph Gabriele
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Sorry. Then just to follow-on on this. I guess, for clients that do get taken away and that create these
deconversion fees, what about the win-back rates? Perhaps they -- the one that got taken out was using
Jack Henry really liked it, and then they kind of explain the benefits there and then you could win perhaps
the entire relationship later. Does that happen? Maybe you can discuss all those factors.

David B. Foss
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes, Dominick, you've got a lot packed into that one question that are things that I love talking about.
You'll give me about 1.5 hours while I try and fill you in. So no, seriously. So first off, we -- when M&A
happens, I'll answer your question from the beginning and work forward, does it happen that customers
are acquired away and then they come back to Jack Henry? Yes, that happens.

And in fact, it's more often than you might think, where somebody gets acquired, the logical thing is for
the acquiring institution to convert them to whatever they're running. And then once they get integrated
in, the people who have been acquired -- the people who have been acquired suddenly start to say we had
it better on the old platform than we have on this new platform. Let us tell you guys what we used to be
able to do with Jack Henry.

And it's oftentimes a combination of the technology and the relationships. This is a relationship business.
Partnership is a key part of what we do. And so oftentimes, the acquired institution will educate the
acquirer on what it was like to do business with Jack Henry. So we do win those occasionally.

The other thing that we win once in a while is what -- let's say that an acquirer is targeting one of our
institutions. We know that, that's happening. We can oftentimes sell the acquirer on converting to the
Jack Henry platform as opposed to the acquirer using whatever it was they had before the acquisition
was announced or before the deal was announced. And so those -- we refer to those as win a merger and
those we've been successful at.

But kind of the heart of your question, the beginning of your question, was -- that is the power? The
beginning of your question -- sorry, we have a little phone issue going on here. The beginning of your
question, most of the M&A activity is happening at the low end of the range. So real small institutions
being acquired by larger institutions.

And we don't tend to serve the real small institutions. So that tends to be good for us that, usually, we are
the benefactor, one of our institutions acquiring a smaller institution as opposed to ours being acquired
away. But to the very beginning of your question, what that means is our asset base among our customers
is growing because those larger customers in our base are acquiring smaller customers. And so over time,
we will continue to grow as far as average asset size.

Operator

And there are no further questions. I'll now turn the call back over to the speakers.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Okay. Again, we are pleased with the overall results of our ongoing operations. I want to thank all of our
associates for the way they have handled these challenging times by taking care of themselves and our
customers and continuing to work hard to improve our company and to continue moving forward for the
future. All of us at Jack Henry continue to focus on what is best for our customers and our shareholders.
Again, I want to thank you for joining us today. And with that, Brian, will you please provide the replay
number?

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

All right. Encore replay will be available 2 hours after the call is concluded. To access the encore replay,
you may dial (800) 585-8367 or (855) 859-2059. This concludes today's conference call. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

