Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. NYSE:J
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, May 10, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.39

1.66

Revenue  (mm)

3481.33

3547.87

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-10-2021 2:42 PM GMT

19.42

1.91

1.58

6.09

6.87

3510.02

14127.02

15134.43

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.01

1.32

1.29

1.39

1.26

1.63

1.41

1.66

24.75 %

23.48 %

9.30 %

19.42 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jonathan Doros
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Steve Arnette

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Andrew John Wittmann
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Brent Edward Thielman
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC,
Research Division

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Sean D. Eastman
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Jacobs Fiscal Second Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to Jonathan Doros, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Jonathan Doros
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning to all. Our earnings announcement was filed this morning. We have posted a
copy of this slide presentation on our website. which we will reference during the call.

During the presentation, we'll be in forward-looking statements, including with respect to the continuing
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, potential government stimulus programs and our financial outlook,
among others.

I would like to refer you to our forward-looking statement disclaimer, which is included on Slide 2
regarding these and other forward-looking statements.

During this presentation, we'll be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to Slide 2
of the presentation for more information on these figures.

In addition, during the presentation, we will discuss comparisons of current results to prior periods on a
pro forma basis. See Slide 2 for more information on the calculation of these pro forma metrics. For pro
forma comparisons, current and prior periods include the results of the Wood Nuclear business, which
closed in March of 2020 and the Buffalo Group, which closed in November of 2020. Our reported results
only include results from PA Consulting from the closing date of March 2, 2021, and through the end of
fiscal quarter.

Unless otherwise indicated, pro forma comparisons discussed today do not include key consulting in the
prior comparable periods.

Turning to the agenda on Slide 3. Speaking on today's call will be Jacobs' Chair and CEO, Steve
Demetriou; President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Pragada; and President and Chief Financial Officer,
Kevin Berryman. Steve will begin by updating the progress we are making against our strategy and the
future of ESG at Jacobs. Bob will then review our performance by line of business, and Kevin will provide
a more in-depth discussion of our financial metrics, followed by an update on our Focus 2023 and M&A
initiatives as well as a review of our balance sheet and cash flow.

Finally, Steve will provide detail on our updated outlook along with some closing remarks. Then, we will
open the call for your questions.

In the appendix of this presentation, we provide additional ESG-related information, including examples of
our leading ESG solutions.

With that, I'll now pass it over to Steve Demetriou, Chair and CEO.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Jon. And thanks to all of you for joining us today to discuss our second quarter fiscal year
2021 business performance at key initiatives. As the pandemic lessens its impact here in the United
States, it's vital to recognize the significant struggles that are still occurring throughout the world,
especially in India. Jacobs made an immediate donation to the United Way in New Delhi for critical medical
supply. And I'm particularly proud of our company and employees who together have donated $200,000

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

through our internal giving platform collectively. We have and will continue to support those that are still
being impacted by the pandemic. including, for example, our operations in the Philippines.

Turning to Slide 4. Before discussing our second quarter results, it's important to continue to reiterate
how we think about our business by aligning and executing against our long-term strategy to drive
superior value for our stakeholders. We take a multiyear approach to our rigorous strategy formation.
This long-term mindset involves proactively assessing and aligning our portfolio toward large secular
growth opportunities where we can deliver sustained double-digit profit growth. The transformation that
Jacobs has undergone over the last several years has created significant value measured by relative total
shareholder return.

As you have seen from our recent organic actions, the PA Consulting investment and the acquisition of
the Buffalo Group, we believe there's a significant opportunity to deliver differentiated, digitally enabled
solutions as the world accelerates its efforts to modernize infrastructure, improve global supply chain and
enhance national security.

We have started the development of our new corporate strategy for fiscal year 2022 to '24, which we will
present to the investor community later this year. As to our financial results, I'm pleased with our strong
second quarter performance with net revenue increasing 7% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA growth
of 27%. Backlog ended the second quarter up 10% year-over-year and up 7% on a pro forma basis. Our
strategic investment in PA Consulting closed on March 2 and demonstrated higher-than-expected results in
the March quarter, with 19% revenue growth in sterling, up 28%, including the benefit of FX. We are also
excited by the revenue synergies our joint Jacobs PA teams are creating, resulting in a robust pipeline in
line with our deal model expectations.

Given the stronger performance across Jacobs and the early closing of the PA investment, we are
increasing our full fiscal year 2021 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS outlook. Looking beyond fiscal
2021, we see the potential for one of the most attractive periods for growth in our company's history,
activated through alignment of our portfolio to numerous secular growth opportunities in the expected
infrastructure stimulus across the globe.

Turning to Slide 5. Sustainability at Jacobs is reflected in our company's purpose of delivering solutions for
a more connected sustainable world as well as through our values. We do things right, we challenge the
accepted, we aim higher, and we live inclusion. This is critical for our people, to work for a company that
believes sustainability is fundamental to what we stand for as an organization. I'm proud of our efforts
over the last few years as we are now being recognized by various external governance groups.

For example, ISS recently updated their ESG assessment of Jacobs, where we are now approaching top
decile in both environmental and social categories. These results are a credit to our people and their focus
on our purpose and values.

And of course, on an external basis, ESG is a significant growth opportunity for Jacobs. Building on the
success of our sustainability strategy launched in 2019, PlanBeyond 2.0 reinforces our commitment to
driving to a net 0 economy through furthering our sustainable business offerings. We are in the early
stages of a significant business growth opportunity to partner with our global customers and communities
to provide solutions with their net 0 carbon commitments.

Now with our investment in PA Consulting, Jacobs is uniquely positioned across the entire end-to-end
ESG opportunity. For example, we're implementing the first bio geochemical reactor pilot plant project for
PFAS remediation in the U.S. supporting Germany's transition to significant net 0 power generation and
distribution by 2030.

We're teaming up water utilities in Australia to support decarbonization, working with industrial clients
globally on their energy and resource management programs for advanced manufacturing facilities and
many other projects, including those shared in the appendix to this presentation.

Altogether, sustainable solutions is a high-growth business opportunity for Jacobs, today comprising nearly
$5 billion of our revenue, which, by the way, makes Jacob's one of the largest ESG solutions providers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Thank you, Steve. Moving on to Slide 6 to review the quarterly performance for our Critical Mission
Solutions business. During the second quarter, our CMS business continued its strong performance and
our workforce is executing at pre-pandemic levels as COVID-19 vaccines are administered broadly across
our operational sphere. Total CMS backlog is at $9.8 billion, representing a 7% year-over-year growth
and up 6% pro forma, excluding the lower-margin hampered and classified procurement contract we have
previously discussed. The CMS strategy is focused on revenue growth and margin expansion by offering
technology-enabled solutions aligned to critical national priorities that drive innovative outcomes.

Similar to last quarter, I will discuss 4 notable market trends positively impacting our CMS business: space
exploration intelligence, all-source intelligence, digital modernization and clean energy.

Beginning with space exploration and intelligence. From idea to operations, Jacobs delivers know-how
and value to every stage of the space system life cycle for our civil and national security space plan.
NASA leads this global exploration and development of deep space with its Artemis program that will
carry astronauts to and from the moon surface and beyond. As NASA's largest service provider, Jacobs is
involved in many aspects of the Artemis mission, including the space launch system, the Orion spacecraft
and the exploration ground systems based at Kennedy Space Center. We are proud to have expanded
our NASA support to the Wallops Flight facility located in Virginia, and are now providing full life cycle
operations and testing that deploy expertise we have developed at other NASA centers.

We remain heavily engaged in the NASA mission portfolio, including the recent support of the SLS hot-
fire test in the design, fabrication and full deployment of the calibration device on the Perseverance Rover
now exploring Mars. NASA continues to enjoy strong bipartisan congressional support with preliminary FY
'22 budget, including a 6% increase over 2021. We also support the DoD's joint all-domain intelligence
initiative, utilizing satellite connectivity in space and adding more capacity for intel analysis, such as our
successful Mango One launch earlier this year. Overall, defense base spending was up 28% in FY '21 and is
expected to show strong growth in FY '22 as well.

Moving on to all source intelligence. Today's threat levels require intelligence analysts to utilize and
coordinate multiple sources, including human, signal, open source, geospatial and measurement and
signature to allow for better decision-making in real time. The Buffalo Group acquisition greatly expanded
Jacobs' all-source intelligence capability. We were awarded 2 exciting wins from the Defense Intelligence
Agency in the quarter. Jacobs will provide counterterrorism analytical expertise for the Defense Combating
Terrorism Center, DCTC, and integrated intelligence centers and direct support of war fighters around the
globe.

We were also awarded a prime seat on the $12.6 billion solutions for the Information Technology
enterprise, Or Site III IDIQ to address the evolving IT requirements vital to the security of the United
States. All those specific classified budget details were not provided in the preliminary budget. Redirection
of funds towards emerging cyber and intelligence threats from state actors are anticipated.

Now turning to digital modernization. In order for government agencies to run effectively and transform
how they accomplish their missions, they require a full spectrum of digital enterprise solutions, including
engineering operations, digital services such as cloud services, dev tech ops, cyber and data analytics.
Contract obligations for digital modernization services have grown significantly over the past 5 years, with
strong continued growth expected as government agencies upgrade their data networks.

Recently, our software engineering team won a 10-year contract to continue to develop and sustain terrain
awareness and warning system software for the U.S. Air Force C-17 fleet to help ensure pilot safety.

A final trend is in clean energy or energy sources such as solar, wind, geothermal, hydro power and
nuclear energy, all of which are critical to transitioning global economies away from fossil fuel.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

Across our CMS nuclear portfolio, our unique blend and depth of technical and program management
capabilities allows us to provide life cycle support to our clients such as the delivery of Hinkley Point C,
a large-scale nuclear power plant in the U.K. that will provide low-carbon electricity for approximately
6 million homes, developing small modular reactors and advanced modular reactors for delivering
sustainable products such as green hydrogen or synthetic fuels and working with the global community to
bring fusion power to commercial viability.

Specifically, in the U.S., the DoE has been allocated a 10% increase in the preliminary FY '22 budget for
decommissioning and new clean energy investments, including Fusion.

In summary, we continue to see strong demand for our solutions in fiscal year 2021 and beyond under
the Biden administration. The CMS sales pipeline remains robust with the next 18-month qualified new
business remaining above $30 billion, with over $10 billion in source selection and an increasing margin
profile.

Now on Slide 7, I'll discuss our People & Places Solutions business. Starting with an overview of the benefit
of global stimulus, we anticipate a direct investment in our key industry sectors and geographies that align
with global trends and emerging governmental focus on climate change, infrastructure modernization,
digital transformation and advanced facility. We are uniquely positioned to provide world-class service
to significant areas of stimulus, including the anticipated U.S. infrastructure bill. Our global delivery
model connected across geographies and markets, combined with our digitized delivery approach ensures
efficient and seamless support anywhere in the world. Our existing contracting framework with the
primary recipients of the stimulus funding will allow us to unlock capacity to capture these emerging
opportunities.

As an example of our engagement, we are hosting a global webinar with our water sector clients on May
12 to help them navigate and access available funding sources through the U.S. stimulus legislation.

As we look to increase operating leverage through our Focus 2023 efforts, we are accelerating growth
in both core and new sectors. We've engaged our partners from PA Consulting to catalyze these efforts
by applying their business transformation expertise to further optimize Jacob's global delivery model.
Combining our subject-matter experts with technology-enabled tools for a full solution offering, is a
competitive differentiator, and we look forward to sharing more in the coming quarters.

Our continued financial resilience, driven by our balanced geographic and market portfolio, resulted in
strong P&L performance in the quarter and 10% year-over-year backlog growth. Our pipeline remains
healthy, and we anticipate continued growth as U.S. infrastructure bill materializes.

I'll now discuss the key global trends and themes aligned with our P&PS. Climate change is a macro and
multi-decade driver for clients around the world. Much of the economic stimulus is focused as green
stimulus, underpinning all infrastructure modernization. Private sector clients are accelerating their
transition to a net 0 economy, increasingly seeking solutions that embrace ESG principles. We are a
leading provider in this space, delivering innovative solutions that support our clients' decarbonization and
resiliency goals, such as mass transit and fleet electrification work that we are delivering across the globe.

A great example is the Cambridgeshire Autonomous Metro in the U.K., where in collaboration with PA
Consultant, we are delivering an end-to-end solution for the implementation of autonomous electric
vehicle infrastructure.

Infrastructure monetization and digital transformation is driving growth in the mid and long term.
Our global program management team continues to deliver iconic programs for clients across major
metropolitan areas on 5 continents. A clear demonstration of our efforts to modernize infrastructure by
increasing mobility and improving journey time and nearly doubling road capacity is the recent award at
Highways England's lower chems crossing program, one of the U.K.'s most ambitious and largest road
project ever.

As a result of our leading expertise in the water sector, our recent win, the Saint Paul Minnesota water
treatment plant demonstrates our ability to implement solutions for aging infrastructure to maintain

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

reliable service, enhance water quality, improve operations and maintenance and provide a sustainable
utility.

Additionally, we won the Changi NEWater Factory 3 project with the Public Utility Board in Singapore as
a result of our technology-efficient design that reduces operational costs. The first in-service solution
features reverse flow technology to maximize reverse osmosis recovery and exemplifies our solutions and
technology differentiator.

The global semiconductor chip shortage is driving industry growth levels above historical averages. This
shortage is being driven by a unique convergence of demand use and applications from areas such as
smartphones, cloud computing and data storage. Coupled with the rebalancing of global supply chain, we
are engaged with multiple clients to accelerate capital projects and increase capacity. We continue to see
robust spending in the life sciences sector driven by our clients' redistribution of their product portfolio.

Additionally, contract manufacturing organizations are embarking on an unprecedented amount of
biologic capacity to support global demand. Leveraging our industry leadership and long-standing client
relationships, we have secured the Fujifilm Diosynth Bio project in the Southeastern United States and
other large confidential programs globally.

In summary, our balanced portfolio of industry sectors and geographies continues to strengthen our P&PS
pipeline.

Turning to Slide 8. This is a very successful quarter for PA Consulting, building on a strong full calendar
year of 2020. PA's revenue growth at 28% year-over-year. PA is involved in a wide range of digital
transformation projects, including the vaccine rollout program globally. PA's backlog was up 36% year-
over-year. This positive sales growth as well as continued investment in partner hiring into 2020 and 2021
gives increased confidence for the full year and beyond. We have seen solid performance across all sectors
with strong wins in life sciences and U.K. public services.

On the sustainability front, we've built on our global delivery partnership with the innovative start-
up, PulPac, signing numerous new consumer clients to replace single-use plastics in their products. PA
continues to secure a wide range of digitalization project programs, including the wins highlighted on the
slide.

PA's strategy is to focus on growth in the private sector with an acute focus in the U.S. and further
diversification in end markets globally.

We are working in partnership with PA to accelerate that strategy through joint engagements in key
sectors, including energy & utility, health & life sciences and defense & security.

I will now turn it over to Kevin to speak to our financial performance.

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Thanks, Bob. And turning to Slide 9 for a quick financial review. Second quarter gross revenue
increased 4% year-over-year and net revenue was up 7%. This was driven by solid underlying business
performance, offset by the timing of advanced facilities projects. Acquisitions and FX benefits continue to
grow to growth by more than offsetting the burn-off of 2 lower margin previously disclosed contracts in
CMS. Including the pro forma impact from all acquisitions, net revenue was up low single digits.

For the second half of fiscal year 2021 compared to 2020, we expect total reported net revenue growth to
be up in the low double digits year-over-year. On a pro forma basis for acquisitions, we expect second half
revenue up low to mid-single digits versus a year ago as growth from the acquisitions and CMS and P&PS
growth from a weaker second half 2020 compare more than offset continuous headwinds in CMS from the
lower-margin contracts coming to an end.

Adjusted gross margin in the quarter as a percentage of net revenue was 25.8%, up 260 basis points
year-over-year. The higher gross margin on a year-over-year basis was driven primarily by 3 factors:
improvements in CMS gross margin as we continue to remix the portfolio to higher-margin business;

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

a favorable impact from lower benefit costs; and the benefit from PA Consulting, which has a strong
accretive gross margin profile versus the rest of the portfolio.

From a line of business standpoint, CMS gross margins increased strongly on a year-over-year basis as
we benefited from higher-margin revenue in the base business, new wins and improved portfolio mix. P&P
gross margin was up slightly year-over-year.

Adjusted G&A as a percentage of net revenue was up slightly year-over-year to 15%. As we look forward,
we will continue to be disciplined in management of our G&A costs, but do expect an increase in G&A as
a percentage of revenue as a result of the expected rebound in labor-related medical costs, IT-related
investments as we move to a flexible workforce and other investments to drive growth.

GAAP operating profit was a negative $41 million and was mainly impacted by a $267 million cost related
to the closing of the PA Consulting transaction that we called out in our press release filed this morning.
Let me provide additional detail on the nature of this cost.

The $267 million represents a portion of the aggregate purchase price consideration for our investment
in PA. That per GAAP accounting is treated as compensation, given retention-related requirements and
distribution of this amount post closing. We still view the total investment consideration unchanged at GBP
1.4 billion. I'll discuss the cash flow, on page 10, of the $267 million later in my remarks.

In addition, we had $42 million in deal and other costs associated with the PA Consulting investment; $13
million of restructuring, transaction and other charges, including the Focus 2023 initiative; and $31 million
of amortization from acquired intangibles.

Adjusting for these items, adjusted operating profit was $311 million, up 32%, with both lines of business
showing strong organic profit growth.

In addition, PA Consulting posted strong double-digit growth in operating profit during their quarter ending
April 2, 2021. Our adjusted operating profit to net revenue was 10.5%, up 200 basis points year-over-year
on a reported basis and was effectively 10% without the benefit from PA, a record for the company. GAAP
EPS from continuing operations rounded to $0 per share and included 86% -- $0.86 per share from the PA
investment consideration being treated as compensation previously mentioned, net of the associated tax
impact, a $0.37 cost related to the mark-to-market investment in Worley and AI software provider, C3.ai,
which included the impact of monetizing a portion of our C3.ai investment; $0.17 in deal and other PA
consulting-related costs; $0.09 per share of after-tax charges primarily related to Focus 2023 and other
miscellaneous restructuring costs and $0.17 of amortization of acquired intangibles. Excluding these items,
second quarter adjusted EPS was $1.66, up 19% year-over-year.

During the quarter, PA contributed $0.09 of accretion, net of incremental interest. We now expect $0.32
to $0.34 of 2021 accretion from PA. For modeling purpose, we fully consolidate the impact of the P&A
investment in our operating results, with a 35% minority interest backed out in noncontrolling interest.

Q2 adjusted EBITDA was $332 million and was up 27% year-over-year, reaching 11.2% of net revenue.
Our adjusted EBITDA calculation includes the burden of the 35% minority interest impact from PA
Consulting. Even excluding the strong double-digit growth of PA, pro forma EBITDA growth was up 16%
year-over-year.

Finally, turning to our bookings during the quarter. Our pro forma book-to-bill ratio was 1.06 for Q2, with
over onetime book-to-bills across each business.

Regarding our LOB performance, let's turn to Slide 10. Starting with CMS, revenue was up 5.3% year-
over-year on a reported basis but down 2% pro forma when the acquisitions of Wood and the Buffalo
Group are considered. As previously communicated, we are transitioning off 2 lower margin contracts,
which represented $115 million year-over-year revenue headwind during the quarter. When excluding the
runoff headwinds, FX benefits and pro forma acquisitions, CMS base revenue growth was actually up 6%
year-over-year. We expect approximately $200 million a quarter of year-over-year headwinds and from
these 2 contract roll-offs through the balance of this year and the first quarter of fiscal 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

CMS operating profit was $114 million, up 35% and up 27% year-over-year on a pro forma basis, even
when factoring in the headwinds noted earlier. Operating margin was up 190 basis points year-over-year
to 8.7%. The improvement was driven by our strategy to focus on higher-margin opportunities and the
benefit from the higher-margin Buffalo Group business.

For the second half fiscal 2021, we expect relatively flat CMS reported revenue growth when compared
to the second half of fiscal year 2020. As we continue to ramp new wins that when combined with the
benefits from the Buffalo Group acquisition, are expected to offset the revenue headwind previously
discussed.

Given the strategy to capture higher-value business via both acquisitions and organic efforts, we continue
to expect reported operating profit growth to be up double-digit year-over-year in the second half versus
the year ago period.

Moving to P&PS. Q2 net revenue was up 1.4% year-over-year, driven by continued solid performance
in the Americas and a rebound in our international regions as well as benefits from FX. This growth
is partially offset by year-over-year declines in our Advanced Facilities business due to the timing of
contracts. P&PS is now seeing strong pipeline growth as both our life sciences and electronics customers
move forward with previously paused projects.

Total P&PS operating profit was up 7% year-over-year, and as a percentage of net revenue was 12.9% for
the quarter, up 70 basis points year-over-year, driven by a slight increase in gross margin and disciplined
G&A cost management.

In terms of PA's performance, PA contributed $98 million in revenue and $28 million in operating profit for
the stub period, which has been consolidated in our results. On a pro forma basis for a full quarter results,
revenue grew 28% on a reported basis and 19% year-over-year in local currency.

Full quarter adjusted operating profit for PA was also significantly up year-over-year, representing strong
adjusted OP margin as a percentage of revenue.

Our non-allocated corporate costs were $33 million for the quarter, driven by continued strong cost
discipline and favorable benefit costs. For the second half of fiscal year 2021, we expect our non-allocated
corporate costs to be higher year-over-year, driven primarily by expected increases in medical costs,
increased IT and other expenses, including travel and entertainment, as we begin to position the company
for developing growth momentum that is expected in fiscal 2022 and beyond.

Now turning to Slide 11. I'd like to update you on our Focus 2023 and M&A activities. I'm excited to share
that we accelerated our Focus 2023 strategic initiatives by formally bringing on board a dedicated team
from PA Consulting to partner in our work streams. Focus 2023, again, is a strategic initiative that we
believe will lead to enhanced employee and customer experience; improve our ability to capture emerging
high-growth, high-margin opportunities; and three, drive a more efficient cost structure through increased
automation and process alignment for overall long-term profitability.

During the quarter, we incurred an additional $5 million charge in cash flows of approximately $12 million
related to our Focus 2023 initiative. Charges from previous acquisitions and other items fell to $13 million
consistent with our guidance regarding these costs falling over the course of 2021.

Additionally, we incurred approximately $42 million in deal and other costs associated with the PA
Consulting investment. For the remainder of fiscal 2021, we expect another $50 million in P&L charges
related to transaction, integration and other onetime costs, consistent with our previous guidance.

From a cash flow standpoint, for the second half of fiscal 2021, we expect approximately $65 million
of cash flow associated with the earlier noted items. Please also note that the $260 million of PA price
consideration will flow through cash flow from operations in our Q3 period even though this cash flow
represents effectively a part of our investment consideration in PA, which remains unchanged, again at
GBP 1.4 billion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

Now on to cash generation and the balance sheet on Slide 12. During the second quarter, we generated
$209 million on reported free cash flow as DSO again showed strong improvement. The strong Q2 cash
flow included a $42 million repayment of the U.K. VAT tax benefit from fiscal year '20 and a net negative
of $74 million of costs associated with PA and Focus 2023 restructuring and other items. Please note that
PA represented a net cash outflow of approximately $15 million in the stub period given the timing of
certain cash taxes paid and transaction-related stamp duties. We continue to expect PA on a stand-alone
basis to deliver strong free cash flow to adjusted net income on a rolling 12-month basis.

Our transformation of the company is now delivering the expected improvements in free cash flow. It is
net worthy that the free cash flow of the company has totaled over $1 billion over the last trailing 12-
month period, even 1 including net onetime headwinds. We expect continued strong underlying cash
flow through the balance of the year with full year cash conversion now expected to be over 100% when
excluding onetime items and the $267 million investment consideration now characterized as a P&L charge
and included in free cash flow in the third quarter. Regarding the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with
cash of approximately $893 million and a gross debt of $3.5 billion, resulted in $2.6 billion of net debt for
attributing the benefits of the Worley and C3.ai equity. Treating these items as cash, our pro forma net
debt to expected adjusted 2021 EBITDA is approximately 1.7x, a clear indication of the strength of our
balance sheet.

Regardless, we will continue in the near term to deploy excess cash toward debt repayment given our
higher gross debt levels.

Finally, given our strong balance sheet and free cash flow, We remain committed to our quarterly dividend,
which was increased to 11% earlier this year to $0.21 per share. Now I'll turn it back over to Steve.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. Given our strong first
half performance and the benefit from the PA Consulting investment, we're raising our full year guidance
ranges. We now expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to be a range of $1.2 billion to $1.27 billion versus our
previous outlook of $1.075 billion to $1.155 billion. We expect adjusted EPS to now be in a range of $6 to
$6.30 versus our previous outlook of $5.30 to $6.

Looking beyond fiscal 2021, with optimism building around a major U.S. stimulus package and significant
opportunities related to climate change and digital modernization, we are positioned for strong revenue
and double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth in fiscal 2022 and beyond.
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joseph DeNardi with Stifel.

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Maybe one for Bob or Steve, on the infrastructure side. Wondering if you could just focus on 2 things:
timing. How quickly do you think you see it in your numbers, maybe what you're monitoring that will
inform that; And then competitively, the industry is obviously a lot more consolidated now than it has --
than it was in prior cycles. Can you talk about the implications of that for your business and maybe the
margin profile for over P&PS over this upcoming cycle?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

So let me just start with a couple of high-level comments, Joe, is that the timing is something that we
expect to -- we're not going to see the final decision and what this is all about until probably later this
summer, could go into early fall. And then -- and so we'll start to see momentum pick up sometime in
2022. But the real -- I think the strategic driver for us is that whether you look at the Biden proposal or
even the Republican proposal, which was somewhat watered down, and we expect it to be somewhere
between the 2 is that it's significant growth. There's going to be a lot of opportunity for a lot of the
companies out there. And I think for us being a margin-focused company and seeing the evolution of what
we've been doing over the last few years, is the 2 things for us is that as there's a need for resources, we
have the best global integrated capability to bring the resources to the right place and to really focus on
the highest margin opportunities as that unfolds in both businesses, P&PS at CMS. Bob?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Yes. Maybe the add on the competitive climate. So Joe, where we sit with regard to framework
agreements that we've had, not just in the U.S., but this is also affecting the U.K. and Australia and
other locations around the world are pretty ideal for where those monies would flow. So if you look at
transportation frameworks, water frameworks that we've been on for several years, it's going to position
us extremely well, and those are pretty secure because the money needs to flow pretty quickly. So
coupled with the fact that we're on these higher-end services, I think the competitive climate will stand
very well.

Operator

Your next question comes from Andy Capex with Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Bob, maybe I could follow up in a sense that during the 2019 Analyst Day, you listed a 4% to 6% target
for P&PS. It was called something else at the time. But it's similar sort of move forward. Are you able
to give us any color regarding the ballpark of organic growth because may be able to deliver above and
beyond that? And then if for some reason, the silos doesn't go through, given all these trends that you've
been talking about ESG sustainability, advanced facilities, is 4% to 6% the baseline, you could do more
than that, you think going over the next couple of years.

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

So maybe I'll just jump in. Look, we're not going to provide any guidance relative to 2022 at this point
in time. But look, I think we're feeling pretty good about the developing momentum. So we certainly, as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

we work through it, I think it's important to note Steve's comments relative to we're not going to go after
everything. We're going to go after those things that ultimately give us the best margin potential. So look,
I think we're excited about what '22 can ultimately look to. And certainly, I would suggest it's probably not
going down.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Really outstanding performance from PA Consulting out of the gate for you folks. I'm wondering can you
talk about whether the $300 million quarterly run rate that the business was on in March. How has that
momentum translated into the second quarter? And how much variability is there in that business given
the length of engagements now that we're getting to know the business a bit more?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Jerry, I think the client engagements and the client stickiness, call it, is solid. And so yes, the size of the
engagement might be different than we would have historically seen at kind of Jacobs, but the longevity
with their clients really from a -- just from the technology and the value they're contributing shows the
future to be really bright. So we're feeling very positive.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Just to build on the other part of your question, Jerry, is PA Consulting did a really great job on positioning
themselves to win in sort of COVID solutions. And Bob talked about that and still got some runway on it.
But what they're also now seeing is several of their other markets picking up. And so that bodes well. So
as some of the COVID work starts to phase out this other work phasing in.

Operator

Your next question comes from Josh Sullivan with the Benchmark Company.

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

Just a question on the space exploration and intelligence vertical you highlighted in the remarks. Can
you just give us some color on the commercial dynamics. You seem unique in that you're touching the
very large immediate launch, but also have exposure on the small sat side with assets like Mango that
you mentioned. Are you leveraged to one end of the market or the other large or small set? Just how
should we think about Jacobs sitting into the conversation over cube sets versus some of these larger
opportunities?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Well, just, again, maybe to start with the broader space for us is it's pretty wide-ranging for us. Now
as we have always been a major player with deep space exploration and NASA being a major client for
ours, and we're solidly positioned there around Artemis and the research and development work they're
doing around hypersonics and space architecture, et cetera. And now with the KeyW acquisition, ramping
up very nicely, the whole low earth orbit, ISR, Rapid Solutions. And then you go beyond there with
missile defense and some of the other aspects of space, we -- it's become a very major market for us.
Specifically, Bob, around the commercial sector.

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

Yes. I think that the adjacent and knock-on effects of what we're doing, not just exploration, we have that
feeds into indulging. It's strong. If you look at the Mango One launch, the application centered around
intelligence, but also the application to 5G and other commercial applications is going to continue to
broaden markets that we haven't had exposure to in the past. So other things that Steve said is really
expanding that aperture on the applications.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess 2 questions. My first question, sort of going back to a potential infrastructure, Bill, Steve. Are
there any investments that you think are required from Jacobs in order to capitalize it? Do you feel like
you have the right labor for so you're in the right niches? Or do you go back and sort of contemplate M&A
again. So I guess that's my first question.

And then my second question, I think you noted revenues from ESG are approaching $5 billion or so. Can
you talk to sort of what the underlying growth trends that you're seeing in that business? And how to think
about the profitability of the businesses that are more ESG focused.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Look, we couldn't be better positioned from a standpoint of the M&A activity that's behind us.
Obviously, CH2M combined with Jacobs positions us to be the major player here. And by the way, that
we can't keep getting to remind everyone, one of the biggest acquisitions in our industry going very well.
When you look at what we paid for that compared to what it's generating today, extremely attractive
financially. But obviously, Jamie helps us position to be a big winner. But then you on top of that, the
PA Consulting acquisition, which now provides end-to-end capability from front-end consulting all the
way through delivery and ultimately things like O&M, et cetera. So from a climate change step. So as
far as other M&A, we're going to continue to look at things that can move us up the food chain from a
margin standpoint, possibly some geographic expansion. But as far as the U.S. infrastructure stimulus
opportunity, I think we're extremely well positioned with the organic capability we have today.

And on the climate change side, when you look at the $5 billion, it's really wide ranging of what we're
in. But as you look at the growth going forward, it's going to be everything from how do we help our
clients adapt and mitigate. So whether it's C-level rise or flooding or push buyers and droughts, the whole
energy transition equation moving away from fossil fuels into clean energy, and that's both working with
our government and private clients. Everyone is looking to reduce their carbon footprint. That's where
we come in around the whole decarbonization and eliminating or reducing greenhouse gases and then
things like natural resource stewardship, which is critical across the globe. It's a global opportunity.
We're positioned well as an end-to-end solutions provider and bringing some unique tools and innovation
because it's going to require digital transformation to achieve these type of climate change transformative
expectations by our clients.

Operator

Your next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So at the risk of making this a broad question or maybe something gone on your Investor Day, could you
just run through some of your key margin initiatives and where you see the most progress made and
where you have the most upside potential here. I know you've got the CMS margin mix. You've got the
future of wars and a few other things. Maybe just kind of give us an update on the margin potential.

Steven J. Demetriou

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

Chairman & CEO

When you talk about margin initiatives, it's been both organic and inorganic. One of the things we're
extremely proud of around our Critical Mission Solutions line of business is all the acquisitions like recent
acquisitions, KeyW, Wood Nuclear, Buffalo Group, They're all performing very well, strong first half versus
last first half pro forma and they're all margin accretive to our CMS line of business. And so from that
standpoint, I think that's a key addition to our margin enhancement. But then it really goes back to what
we were talking about earlier to our whole global integrated delivery profile that not only bring the best
resources but be more efficient in certain aspects of the whole delivery model and much more around
the whole business acumen, commercial acumen side now versus several years ago and really identifying
where the margin opportunities are not just going after any business for the sake of growth. Bob, what
else on that front?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Yes, I think it's -- just staying on that digital theme, Steve, and we're looking at it both externally and
internally. So for example, rationalizing our internal platforms on how we transact our business is going to
have derivative benefits. Kevin's talked about it before with regards to operating leverage.

And then externally, if you have to point to one, it really is around the digitization of our offering. So
autonomous design, machine learning, looking at the digitization of the global delivery model and then
how that can provide value solutions in a more efficient way. So it's a big, big beat.

Operator

Your next question comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Focus on just some of the cybersecurity issue that we've -- that's materialized over the weekend. And
really, we focus the need to reinforce the critical infrastructure in the U.S. I just want to get a sense for
how you guys are thinking about deploying what's been more like a capital-focused cybersecurity initiative
to the private sector? And how are you thinking about your go-to-market strategy there?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Chad, I think we missed the first part of your question. It sounds like it's around cyber, but can you just
kind of reask it and to summarize it.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Yes. Sorry, most of your banks mentioned. Yes. So I just wanted to get a sense for how you're
thinking about the opportunities on cybersecurities given that there's been kind of pack on the critical
infrastructure here in the U.S. over the weekend. And then you guys have had a strong heritage in the
government side. And just wanted to understand how you're developing opportunities on the private side
and what your go-to-market strategy is there?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Chad, great question. We're actually in the middle of it right now, and I can't speak too much into
the details. But the events I think that you were highlighting over the weekend, we are engaged on that,
too. Kind of the portal there on leveraging it in the private sector has been our strong heritage also in
the private sector with the other portfolio offerings that we have. Specifically, if it's in the hydrocarbon
space, we did quite a bit of environmental remediation and regulatory work in that space, using that as
the photo in order to bring in our cyber expertise, whether it be OT or IT, has been a strong initiative,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

and we're seeing some traction there, not just in an emergency situation, but also as a part of cyber
hardening of these companies. And then in other private sectors that we have, whether it be advanced
facility, specialized manufacturing, all those things that we do for the government, the road map points to
our ability to leverage our long-standing private sector relationships and do the same. So you'll see more
of that coming in the coming months and coming quarters.

Operator

Your next question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Sean D. Eastman
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I just wanted to go back to PA Consulting. I'm not sure if I'm looking at this the right way, but PA did
$0.09 of accretion in the month of March, but if I take that out of the accretion update for the full year, it
kind of implies they're doing $0.04 a month for the remaining 6 months of the fiscal year. So I'm trying to
understand that. And then also whether the previous expectation of $0.52 to $0.57 of accretion on a full
year basis in fiscal '22 is still a good way to think about it?

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

So a couple of comments, Sean. This is Kevin. So as you think about kind of the pace of their profitability
over the course of their quarters, they, like us, we have 4, 4, 5 kind of months within each quarter. And
the way they handle their fixed costs and how they amortize that over the months versus the amount of
revenue they get in that last quarter. The -- excuse me, that last month, that last month tends to be the
strongest month in the quarter. So effectively, don't necessarily take that $0.09 and assume it all the way
through. So I think that that's one thing to recognize.

So if you look and take away the $0.09 and kind of go to your remaining kind of, let's call it, $0.04 a
month for the remaining 6 months. It is basically that number. We think that, that is a really strong
performance consistent with what we had in our deal model. And ultimately, we're hoping, given the
strong start, that maybe there could be some opportunity to improve on that over the balance of the year.
But so far, they started strong. And Steve mentioned the comment about their current work being really,
really strong in the first quarter. And -- but some of that's going to go away over their second, third and
fourth calendar quarters for their year. And they have to do a really good job on replacing that over the
balance of the year. So we feel good about the guidance we've provided. And ultimately, hopefully, that
pipeline will continue to translate into incremental backlog, which could result in potentially being a little
bit higher. But I think we're being prudent in terms of our guidance for PA at this point in time.

Operator

Your next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Maybe for Bob, maybe to elaborate a little bit more on life science and advanced manufacturing. Certainly,
the news flow and the supply chain issues with regard to the electronics industry has been front and
center of many investors. Are we getting to a point where there's going to be a significant investment
that's going to show up and run through your PM work in the next 6 to 12 months? As it -- and even
on the Life Science side, is it more of a global opportunity. They certainly are globally positioned, but
we've been hearing more about U.S. supply chain because there are more -- you're going to be more
driven globally, whether it's a vaccine side or biologics or some of the electronics opportunities that you're
working at the center.

Steve Arnette

Yes. Michael, let me kind of unpack both sides of that. On the semiconductor side, I'm not sure if you
asked about that or life sciences. It is global. It's probably more focused in on the U.S. for us right now

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

when I say U.S., U.S. clients as well as Asian clients that are building in the U.S. You're even seeing it
in the stimulus bill with President Biden's efforts in order to increase that capacity here on U.S., as lobal
supply chains have been kind of rigider, and so we do see that having a positive effect on Jacobs. I don't
know if it's necessarily 6 months. It's probably got a longer tail on that and eased through the next 12 to
24 months, but that's a strong trend, and it's both not only on the logic side, but it's also on memory chips
and some of the lower-end chips that you're hearing from automotive issues that are going around.

Online sciences, that is probably more global as it pertains to us. And that is just the rebalancing of the
product portfolio, all of this attention that's in place on vaccines, specifically around the coronavirus. Great
development that's happening within the oncology world. And as I said in the remarks, that's driving a real
need for contract manufacturing, probably like nothing we've seen in history because of the volumes that
are needed and the speed to market around these new therapies. So overall, really, really solid picture for
at least the next couple of years.

Operator

Your next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America.

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Securities, Research Division

There was a few mentions on the call about increasing investments in SG&A and IT, travel and medical. I
understand the investments are for the better growth outlook. When we think about your tentative guide
for double-digit EBITDA growth in 2022, is there any leverage on top of that top line. Or the initiatives
around the margin, is it really all set to really expand incrementals in 2023 and beyond. Just curious how
we should think about that trade-off with a better growth outlook and some inflationary pressures that'd
be building as we think of the double digit and beyond for 2022 and 2023?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

So a couple of comments, Michael. First one on the margin front or the percent of revenue that
SG&A represents, we're still in a good spot relative to historical numbers. So don't think of this as
being something that's going to be a big challenge for us, but we do find it necessary to make these
investments. I think the next comment I would make is that's what Focus 2023 is really all about to
ensure that we get improved operating leverage through the process and system enhancements that we're
talking about, which will allow us, as the growth dynamic begins to accelerate, which we talked about,
assuming it's going to happen in 2022, and that's going to be really important for 2 reasons: one, to get
the operating leverage; but I think the other way to think about it is if we can get that growth and afford
ourselves the same ability not to hire at the same level that we've had to in past growth spurts, that's
going to be really, really strong for us. So there obviously is a war for talent. And to the extent that we're
going to be able to supply that incremental growth with less headcount having to be added to support it,
that's going to be a big positive for us.

Operator

Your next question comes from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.

Brent Edward Thielman
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

First off, when we're thinking about PA Consulting, I know you guys have spoken to double-digit EBITDA
growth and about 12% revenue prior to the deal here. But regarding the strategic partnership, how are
you thinking about that going forward? Does that still feel like something comfortable, or are there more
opportunities now that the partnership is intact?

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

Yes. There's more than we intended. In fact, what we've done -- so I mean the headline is the level of
engagement and the collaborative pursuits that we have is strong. And just to quantify, we kind of thought
that we would be in that maybe 40 to 50 type collaborative pursuits that would have a 12- to 18-month
gestation period to them. That number's -- probably double that right now, and we're getting heavily
engaged, and we see that getting even stronger as travel restrictions come down and we're able to jointly
see clients together as well. So very strong, and I think it's contributing to our optimism as we look
forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from Andy Wittmann with Baird.

Andrew John Wittmann
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I had -- just wanted to clarify 2 things here. One on the guidance and one on the cash flow, probably both
the questions for Kevin. But I guess just, Kevin, I just want to make sure we understand the new guidance
correctly. I look at about 10 months of contribution of the EBITDA numbers that you previously talked
about with PA, it equates about $130 million. Again, regardless of seasonality, it's kind of a rough and
tough number. Your guidance, the EBITDA side is up roughly that amount. Is this a way of kind of saying
like, hey, the organic outlook is still good, but it's largely unchanged with most of the EBITDA raise from
the acquisition.

And then on the EPS side, was there anything below the line that allowed you to take up the lower end
of that EPS range a little bit more. Just maybe if you could talk about that. And then just on the free
cash flow, it's just worth clarifying the cash flow from operations, there was a $230 million benefit in the
quarter on accrued liabilities. I'm guessing that might be associated with the -- the $267 million that's
going to be a cash outflow next quarter, but I don't know. So I was wondering if you could just clarify that
benefit to this quarter's cash flow from operations.

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

So let me go to the second one first. You're exactly right. The $267 million is a dynamic where the
total consideration was reduced by the $267 million, and now that $267 million flows through the P&L
ultimately in the third quarter. So effectively, that dynamic is occurring. So you're right relative to how
that works. Total consideration doesn't change. We're still at the GBP 1.4 billion. So note that. I think
that's important to know, Andy.

Second point, in terms of the guide. No, there's -- look, the guide is effectively -- we took the $0.09,
and we felt like the guide that we previously provided was appropriate. As I mentioned earlier in my
comments, while their first quarter of their year was really strong, they got to giddy up and go relative
to the pipeline that's in front of them, booking that and then burning that. And so effectively, we'll see
how that plays out over the balance year. Let's hope that they do that. And in fact, if they kind of continue
at that rate, that was in Q1, obviously, there's going to be some upside, but I think we're being prudent
relative to that. Remember, this business, [ NPA ],is a book-and-burn business. So they got to always
continue to drive towards that. So that's one thing.

So back to the base business, yes, we had good performance in Q2. And effectively, that was a primary
driver to our increase in the base business guide, is how I would characterize it. And look, I think at
the end of the day, given the investments that I talked about on the G&A side that we're looking at
the balance, I think that, that will offset any potential pending momentum that we got on the top line
that may come to fruition. Pipeline is looking good relative to our, I would say, our state and local and
government clients. I think that, that's positive. The pipeline is building on the advanced facilities. So we'll
see how that all plays out. But we really see this coming together more in terms of our late fiscal 2021,
which positions us better for 2022 than 2021.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

And your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Just wanted to ask you a follow-up on CMS in the sense that you guided revenue to flat all and I think
for the second half 2021, given the higher headwind from the 2 new contracts. But you do have easier
comparisons if I look at Q3 versus last year, the pandemic disruption. And so are you seeing any delays in
that project conversion there in CMS. And then if you look at backlog growth, it looks solid in Q2. So do
you see book-to-bill continue to be at or above 1 in the second half of '21.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

We've talked about it for several quarters. We're exiting 2 low-margin large contracts, the Hanford
contract and the classified contract that we've spoken about before. When you exclude those 2, our critical
-- and you exclude the acquisitions, our base business is growing. I think it's somewhere in the 8% range.
And then you add on top of that, obviously, the benefit of the acquisitions that are continuing to ramp up
with that on a year-over-year basis more than our -- some of them weren't on our numbers. So I think the
-- we're feeling good about everything that we've talked about with regard to the -- where we're aligned
with the growth trends, even though there's a flat defense budget. The things like Space Intelligence and
hypersonics and several of the other items that we mentioned are actually growing nicely. And so there's
a lot of shift in funding. Even the DoD climate change initiatives to modernize their infrastructure in the
Department of Defense that's helping us. And so overall, we're very pleased with the revenue growth and
Critical Mission Solutions.

Operator

And there are no further questions queued up for this conference. I'll turn the call back over to
management for closing remarks.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Thank you. So as I close the call, our thoughts are with the people -- our people in India, including our
Jacobs colleagues, and we'll continue to support them in dealing with the current significant challenges of
the pandemic. Looking to the future, we're excited about our strong performance and our solid foundation
that provides Jacobs as we develop our new strategy and chart an existing future together -- the exciting
future together. Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 10, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

