Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. 

NYSE:LYV
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 27, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

EPS (GAAP) 

(0.69)

(0.83)

NM

(0.31)

0.21

(0.02)

NM

0.47

Revenue  
(mm)

2843.86

2889.40

1.60

1853.63

11490.70

11547.97

0.50

12664.71

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-14-2020 4:30 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

CONSENSUS

(0.37)

0.40

0.78

(0.69)

- EPS (GAAP)  -

ACTUAL

(0.31)

0.41

0.71

(0.83)

SURPRISE

NM

2.50 %

(8.97 %)

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Elizabeth Kathleen Willard
Chief Financial Officer

Joe Berchtold
President

Michael Rapino
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Brandon A Ross
LightShed Partners

Douglas Middleton Arthur
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Khoa Duc Ngo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Stephen William Glagola
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone. My name is Pillari, and I will be your conference facilitator for today. At this time,
I would like to welcome everyone to Live Nation Entertainment's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019
Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.

Before we begin, Live Nation has asked me to remind you that this afternoon's call will contain certain
forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ, including statements related to the company's anticipated financial performance, business
prospects, new developments and similar matters. Please refer to Live Nation's SEC filings, including the
risk factors and cautionary statements included in the company's most recent filings on Forms 10-K, 10-Q
and 8-K for a description of risks and uncertainties that can impact the actual results.

Live Nation will also refer to some non-GAAP measures on this call. In accordance with the SEC
Regulation G, Live Nation has provided a full reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures in
their earnings release. The release, reconciliation and other financial or statistical information to be
discussed on this call can be found under the Financial Information section on Live Nation's website at
investors.livenationentertainment.com.

It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Michael Rapino, President and Chief Executive Officer
of Live Nation Entertainment. Please go ahead, sir.

Michael Rapino
President, CEO & Director

Good afternoon, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2019 conference call. In 2019, Live
Nation delivered its ninth consecutive year of growth with revenue up 7% and AOI up 14%.

Starting with the core of our business. Our concert fan count was up 5 million to 98 million globally,
driving AOI growth in all of our divisions: concerts, sponsorship and ticketing, demonstrating the
effectiveness of our flywheel business model. In our concert segment, fans continue to find the live
experience, from club shows to arenas to festivals, a top entertainment choice and the best way to
celebrate their favorite artists and share the experience with other fans. In the U.S., over the past 5 years,
consumer spend on live entertainment has grown 7% annually, providing strong structural tailwinds to
drive increased demand for concerts globally.

With these demand dynamics, in 2019, we delivered growth in concerts revenue of 8% and AOI of 7%.
This growth was broad-based across our portfolio, with international fan count up 11%, while in North
America, arenas, festivals, theaters and clubs contributed to our growth. Globally, festivals, theaters and
club attendance were up double digits, highlighting the strength of our global footprint and the value
of a diversified portfolio of markets, genres and building types that have enabled our consistent growth
over the past several years. And across all of the artists we work with, we invested well over $6 billion to
promote 40,000 shows in 42 countries, with Live Nation by far the largest financial supporter of artists in
music.

Average ticket prices for our amphitheater and arena shows are up double digits since 2017 while sales of
dynamically priced Platinum tickets are up 66% for the year across 3,000 shows as artists want more of
the best seats in the house sold at face value at the onsale. Even with these increases, concerts remain a
great deal for fans relative to other live experiences. Our average ticket price for a concert at any one of
our amphitheaters was $46 in 2019 relative to a $75 NBA game, over $100 for an NFL game.

Once at the show, average per fan spending grew as well. At our amphitheaters, spending grew by
$2.50 to over $29 per head as we improved our product offering, reduced friction with shorter lines
and improved VIP hospitality offerings. The hospitality focus also grew on-site spending at our festivals,
theaters and clubs, the result of a better experience for our fans across our operated venues.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

We added 38 new venues in 2019, including 6 new festivals and 18 new theaters and clubs. As we have
gotten better at on-site hospitality over the past several years, this opens up more opportunity for us to
operate more buildings where we make more money per fan, which accelerates the on-site monetization
part of our flywheel.

The strength of our business is continuing with concert tickets sold through mid-February for 2020 shows
up 10% to 38 million and a pipeline of 4,700 confirmed arena, stadium and amphitheater shows, up
30% from the same time last year. All venue types have strong show count growth led by North America
stadium and arena concerts.

In our high-margin sponsorship business, we grew revenue by 17% and AOI by 16% in 2019.
Venue sponsorship was a key driver in the year, up double digits globally, with broad growth across
amphitheaters, festivals, theaters and clubs.

Festivals had a particularly strong year. With the addition of Rock and Rio to our portfolio of marquee
festivals, sponsorship in this segment was up over 50%. Our top strategic sponsors have also been a key
driver of our sponsorship segment, with 88 sponsors collectively spending approximately $400 million to
reach our fans and revenue from this group up 19% in the year.

In 2019, we broadened our brand partnership base by leveraging our Power of Live research, with
particular success in the lifestyle space working with brands including Revlon, Vans and Clinique as we
demonstrated the importance of their products to concertgoers.

All this reinforces the power of our platform of 98 million fans and the priority of brands to reach fans
during the live experience. With over 70% of budgeted sponsorship net revenue for the year committed
and despite 2020 being an off year for Rock in Rio in Brazil, we are confident we will deliver continued
growth in our sponsorship segment this year.

Ticketmaster further built its leadership position in ticketing in 2019, growing AOI by 11%. Most of our
growth came through reduced customer acquisition costs across both primary and secondary ticketing and
from secondary ticketing volume, notably the NFL and other sporting events.

Our international ticketing business drove our growth in fee-bearing tickets and GTV, led by our strong
international concert ticket sales. We now provide services in 31 countries and, in 2019, delivered 115
million tickets internationally, with tremendous opportunity for continued growth on a global basis,
particularly in the 15 markets where we promote concerts and don't yet have a substantial ticketing
operation. Ticketmaster's recent entry into both the Taiwan and Singapore markets highlights this
international expansion opportunity, leveraging our leading concert positions in these markets and now
growing our ticketing presence to 7 countries in Asia as we continue to build our flywheel across more of
these markets.

In North America, our top priority in 2019 was deploying Presence, our secure ticketing digital product,
which we see as key in differentiating Ticketmaster and providing venues, teams and artists with the
information and tools to maximize the fan relationships. Presence was deployed in over 700 venues by the
end of 2019, including over 90% of major sports and Live Nation buildings, operating 50,000 events for
over 120 million fans, more than half of whom used digital ticketings for entry. We see our deployment
in 2020 further accelerating, and we are planning to have Presence in over 1,300 venues by the end of
the year, with over 200 million fans attending events at these buildings. At that point, we will cover 100%
of major sports and Live Nation buildings and 90% of all fans in North American Ticketmaster venues,
making Ticketmaster by far the global leader in digital ticketing.

Artist-driven initiatives, such as ticketing Pearl Jam's entire tour with SafeTix, enabling their strategy of
getting tickets into the hands of their greatest fans, is one demonstration of how digital ticketing is serving
content more effectively. At the same time, we continue to scale our global ticketing marketplace with the
fourth quarter being our second highest fee-bearing GTV quarter ever, selling over 60 million fee-bearing
tickets and delivering over $5 billion in fee-bearing GTV.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Ticketmaster continues to lead the ticketing industry both operationally and in digital ticketing. Looking at
2020, I'm confident in Ticketmaster's ability to extend that leadership position globally as we add more
customers, ticket more events and expand our digital ticketing platform.

In summary, 2019 was another strong year for Live Nation, building our global concert business and
driving growth in our high-margin venue, sponsorship and ticketing business.

Looking at 2020, our double-digit fan and show count growth so far this year against the backdrop of
very high artist activity across all venue types and markets sets up our flywheel to deliver another year of
strong global growth.

With this, I will turn the call over to Joe to take you through additional details.

Joe Berchtold
President

Thanks, Michael. Looking at our business segments, first, concerts. As Michael indicated, fan attendance
grew 5% to 98 million fans, demonstrating the strength of our global portfolio and, with this demand
growth, highlighting the strong fundamentals underlying our business. Geographically, international had a
strong year, with growth in stadiums, festivals and theaters and clubs driving 11% fan growth. Theaters
and clubs globally led fan growth for the year with 20% growth to nearly 30 million fans. Festivals also
had a strong year with 7 new festivals, including Rock in Rio, helping deliver 13% fan growth globally. Our
fan attendance is up from 47 million in 2010, closing out the decade by more than doubling our fan base,
a key milestone that demonstrates the consistent and resilient growth at the core of our flywheel, creating
significant scale over time.

Looking specifically at the fourth quarter. While attendance and show count were up, our AOI was lower
heavily driven by an increase in advertising expense related to 2020 shows and increased fixed expense
associated with continuing to build our flywheel and operate more venues. Without this higher-than-
projected advertising expense from putting more 2020 shows on sale in 2019, concerts AOI for the year
would have been up double digits.

Moving on to sponsorship. In 2019, we again delivered double-digit AOI growth, up 16% for the
year. International drove over 70% of this growth, with the addition of Rock in Rio helping drive both
international and festival sponsorship growth. For the fourth quarter, revenue was up 25%, and AOI was
up 26%, with growth helped by the second weekend of Rock in Rio Brazil. Our pipeline for 2020 is in good
shape, demonstrating the strength of our concerts flywheel and driving all parts of the business. And we
expect to continue growing our sponsorship AOI despite not having Rock in Rio Brazil this year.

Finally, Ticketmaster. Global GTV was flat in the quarter, matching 2018's record fourth quarter, while fee-
bearing GTV was down 2%. North America fee-bearing GTV was flat for the quarter, while international
was down 8%, reflecting the geographic shift in 2020 stadiums versus last year. This volume was up
relative to our expectations for the quarter, reflecting both a timing shift and an even stronger 2020
pipeline of concerts than was previously projected.

For the fourth quarter, Ticketmaster AOI was up 23% due to a 9% increase in secondary GTV, reduced
customer acquisition costs and the benefit from comping against last year's costs related to a third-party
data breach. These same factors then drove our margin improvement for the quarter. Looking at 2020, we
expect a strong concert slate will drive Ticketmaster's GTV, including a strong Q1 when we'll have most of
our stadium and arena onsales.

A few more points. The coronavirus has had a lot of press lately, so I wanted to give some context for
us. First, as it relates to China and Asia shows generally, show cancellations have been minimal given
our activity levels in China, with 17 shows totaling approximately 75,000 fans. Looking over the next 3
months, our Asia activity is limited, with 70 shows and 200,000 fans in the region.

Second, as it relates to Italy, we have 30 shows booked over the next 3 months with approximately
125,000 fans. Collectively, this accounts for less than 0.5% of our 100 million-plus fans we expect to
attend our shows this year. More broadly, while we expect that there will be further areas of breakout

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

over the next few months, one of our strengths is that we are highly diversified geographically. Thus far,
we have seen no pullback in fan demand or ticket buying outside of the specifically affected areas. And
overall, our attendance is weighted toward the latter part of this year with over 70% of our attendance
expected from June through the end of the year.

Finally, on the OCESA acquisition, we continue to make progress working with the regulators in Mexico on
their review. And at this point, we expect the acquisition to close sometime in the second quarter.

With that, I will turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.

Elizabeth Kathleen Willard
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Joe, and good afternoon, everyone. Our key highlights for the fourth quarter of 2019 are revenue
increased by 11% to $2.9 billion. AOI was $81 million, up 18%. As of December 31, our deferred revenue
related to future shows was up 10% to $1.2 billion compared to $1.1 billion last year. Concerts was the
primary driver of revenue growth as it increased 12% for more fans and shows. Sponsorship revenue was
up 25% as we benefited from the second weekend of Rock in Rio Brazil. And ticketing revenue grew 2%
as a result of higher secondary ticket volume. AOI was up 18% driven by growth in sponsorship due to
the 4 days of Rock in Rio, an improved resale volume and lower operating costs in ticketing. Concerts AOI
declined from higher advertising expense for 2020 shows and increased head count and rent primarily
related to additional venues. As we've noted before, we recognize all show-related advertising for future
shows at the end of the year, so the higher volume of onsales for 2020 shows increases our year-end
expenses. Operating loss for the quarter was $83 million compared to a loss of $90 million in the prior
year as a result of the higher AOI. Net loss for the quarter was $160 million compared to a net loss of
$148 million in the prior year, driven mainly by higher interest, taxes and noncontrolling interest expense.

For full year 2019, revenue was $11.5 billion, a 7% increase over 2018. AOI was $943 million, up 14%.
And free cash flow adjusted was $499 million, up 4% over last year, representing 53% of AOI due to the
timing of distributions to NCI partners. Revenue growth was primarily driven by concerts, which was up
8% as we saw attendance growth across North America arenas, international stadiums and festivals and
theaters and clubs globally. Sponsorship revenue was also strong with 17% growth driven by Rock in
Rio, high demand for our venue on-site sponsorship programs and growth in the number of our strategic
sponsors and related spend.

All of our segments contributed to our AOI growth. Concerts AOI was up 7% as we grew our fan base and
number of shows across arenas, theaters and clubs and festivals along with improved fan on-site spend
at our amphitheaters, festivals and theaters and clubs. Sponsorship AOI grew by 16%. And ticketing, our
largest AOI contributor, grew 11% from higher revenue and lower operating costs.

Operating income was $325 million, up 19% over last year driven by the increase in AOI. Our net income
for the full year was $70 million compared to $60 million in 2018 due to our improved operating results.
Net loss per share was $0.02 after $75 million in accretion of redeemable noncontrolling interests. For
2019, we saw a 2% FX impact on both revenue and AOI.

Turning to our balance sheet. As of December 31, we had total cash of $2.5 billion, including $838 million
in ticketing client cash and $936 million in net concert event-related cash, leaving free cash of $697
million. Net cash provided by operating activities was $470 million compared to $942 million last year
due to the timing of payables and ticket sales versus the prior year. Free cash flow adjusted was $499
million compared to $481 million last year. Our total capital expenditures were $316 million, 52% of which
was spent on revenue-generating items. Our total net debt as of December 2019 after our refinancing in
October was $3.3 billion with a weighted average cost of 4.2%.

Our current expectations for 2020 include, in concerts, we expect most of the AOI growth to come in Q3,
with some in Q2 and our seasonally quieter Q1 having a bit less activity than last year. In sponsorship,
while we expect growth for the year, the Rock in Rio Brazil biennial festival will not occur in 2020. In
ticketing, we currently expect the strong concert slate to drive growth in GTV with higher onsale activity
particularly in Q1. It is too early in the year for us to predict FX impact for 2020. We will provide guidance

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

in future calls as the year develops. All of our guidance is currently in a constant currency to 2019. We
expect our total capital expenditures to be approximately $375 million with the increase largely driven
by revenue-generating expenditures. And we currently expect accretion of noncontrolling interests to
be approximately $55 million for 2020, with about half that in the first quarter and the rest fairly evenly
distributed across the remaining quarters.
Thank you for joining us today. Operator, we will now open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Brandon Ross with LightShed Partners.

Brandon A Ross
LightShed Partners

May as well address the elephant in the room right off the bat with corona. And you gave us some really
good color on Italy and Asia, thanks for that. But I think investors want to understand the potential
downside risk if there are broader show cancellations especially over the summer period. To the extent
that an individual show is canceled, can you help us understand what the financial impact would be? I
know you guys buy many tours outright. I think you pay artists, what, $8 billion per year. Are you left
holding the bag if shows are canceled? And then if there are regions that are affected by corona, did you
have the flexibility to reroute tours? And finally, you gave really strong leading indicators for '20 obviously
shaping up to be a big year without corona. If there is major corona impact, would you anticipate that
activity pushing out to '21? I think that covers most of it.

Joe Berchtold
President

Sure, Brandon. It's Joe. I'll get started. Michael can jump in. I think the first thing, just to put it in the
right context, is to your latter point, anything that is being talked about is generally being talked about
just in terms of timing. It's not being talked about not doing the shows. As we've long discussed, artists
see the touring as the fundamental part of what they do and how they earn their living. So they're --
we're not talking to any artists that are saying they don't want to be touring at all. Exactly where can I go
when? So it's just talking about timing. Absolutely, as we look at very specific hotspots, there is certainly
flexibility to reroute as need be or to help them come back and hit that area later as opposed to when it
was previously planned.

In general, we pay the artist when the show occurs. There's generally force majeure clauses. If for some
reason, a show were to be canceled, we wouldn't have to pay the artist. But again, we think that that's
going to be pretty limited where we don't have some ability to either reroute or reschedule.

Michael Rapino
President, CEO & Director

And Brandon, a little color on the cancel and the costs. So there would be no cost. We don't pay an artist
until they play. If an artist says -- if we cancel a show next month in Milan, we don't pay the artist. There's
no cost incurred. And when the artist replays that show, then we pay the artist.

So these ones are actually the easier ones to manage. I mean the ones that you always have the more
challenge is when the festival gets canceled on a Saturday afternoon when 60,000 people are sitting
there. That's when you have some marketing and some sunk costs where it may affect you. When you
have a month, 2 months, anytime you cancel in advance, there's actually no cost incurred yet. The artist
isn't at the show, the people aren't in the venue, you haven't paid the cost. So this is -- the easiest
economic challenge for us is to reroute and reschedule a show, no cost to us.

As Joe said, the good news is, on the supply-demand, the show is not going away; it's just moving to a
different quarter. The artist will tour whether they have to jump off this quarter and go into fall or '21. We
won't net lose the business. And the other demand part that we're just really impressed with, because we
always talk about the resilience of the concert fan is, as of last night, we had a sellout in Australia on a
festival that went up. The business is real strong. The consumer still seems to be buying the tickets on a
global basis. So supply-demand will be there. We're going to take this cautiously as we watch the markets
and we assume a hotspot will flare up and a show will be canceled here and there. But we're confident
long term, the show will happen, the revenue will flow, and the fan will show up.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

On a macro -- on a micro 2020, as I think Joe mentioned, most of our business doesn't start until the
middle of June onward. So the next few months, we'll have some cancellations, I assume here and there
in some arenas and clubs. But the heart of our business happens in the summer. And we're optimistic, we
hope that it can be handled and the summer months bring us some relief and we'll -- business as usual.
But right now, we're being cautious. We're looking at all markets, doing the right thing for the artist. We're
playing along with the great demand of this industry.

Operator

Next, we'll move to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to ask if you could help us think about the leading indicators you gave in your press release and
on the -- your opening comments, particularly tickets sold up 10% for 2020, 30% growth in confirmed
shows. I don't think you gave specific guidance financially for 2020, which I understand, but just
wondering if you could help put those 2 numbers into context because they seem quite robust even
relative to the growth you just delivered in 2019.

And then secondly, and I apologize for asking more virus macro-related stuff, but I'm sure you understand
why. On the sponsorship side, can you just help us -- remind us how much of that business is sort of
either annual multiyear relationships versus anything show-specific? Just so we can think about if 1 or 2
sizable shows are postponed, if we should see that impact sponsorship as well.

Michael Rapino
President, CEO & Director

I'll do sponsorship, and then I'll -- now sponsorship with most of our -- we always talk in our reports about
our annual global strategic partners. So most of our contracts are over 1 to 3 years. They're longer term.
They're not very -- the ones that matter are over multiple events mostly marketable markets -- multiple
markets. So we don't have -- the beautiful part about our -- about this business, which is dispersed over
30,000 shows, is we don't have 1 weekend, 1 show, 1 event, that's the $20 million big event. It's really
dispersed across the globe, across different venues and genres, which is the part that makes us a bit risk
adverse. So we see no sponsorship risk at all. If a show canceled, the sponsor would get the show later,
and we'll make up for the show.

Again, going back to our first point, as long as we're going to deliver net, over the next 2 years, the same
amount of shows, the growth, the tickets that we've kind of delivered for that sponsorship commitment,
then we see no pullback at all in the long-term sponsor.

We talked about the -- yes, we're headed for a record 2020. Business is strong, and Joe will give you as --
what he can on how we'll -- you can model that.

Joe Berchtold
President

Sure, Ben. As you said, we haven't tried to give you full year guidance for a couple of reasons. We don't
generally try to do that in February; it's a bit early. And secondly, with the uncertainty on the specific
timing on the OCESA close, it makes it just harder to give you what the overall year looks like. But we
absolutely are taking a lot of confidence based on being so far up in terms of the 30% on the show count,
the 10% up on the fans. I think both of those are exactly leading indicators. They're not projections of
where we're going to end up. But I think they're strong indicators that we'll have pretty good growth this
year.

Operator

Next, we'll move on to Khoa Ngo with Jefferies.

Khoa Duc Ngo

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Jefferies LLC, Research Division

On OCESA, is there anything that you can provide, any specifics as to why it's still being held up within
Mexican government?

And then just second question is on a more broader level, there was a big transaction that closed in mid-
February with one of your competitors, and the multiple seems pretty high. And so if we think about the
embedded value in the enterprise, if we apply that multiple just for your ticketing segment, it seems
like you can get the concerts and sponsorship pretty -- at a pretty attractive multiple. Can you just talk
broadly of how you think about the value embedded in the broader enterprise?

Joe Berchtold
President

So let me take the first one on OCESA. I think when we started this several months ago, one of the things
that we thought was that because OCESA had just gone through some reviews by the same government
entity, that they were very familiar with the business and it would be a fairly quick process. As it ended
up, this transaction got put with a different team in a different department. So we had to start a little
bit more at the basics in terms of the industry. So we weren't able to shortcut it as much as we thought.
There's nothing at this point, based on most recent discussions, to give us great concern. Just taking a bit
longer.

In terms of the transaction, look, our view is simply that we focus on building a great business at
Ticketmaster and throughout all of our different pieces. It's up to you guys in the market to specifically
value them. We're building this for long-term value for our shareholders up and down the flywheel, and we
expect that we'll be successful in doing that.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll move next to Doug Arthur with Huber Research.

Douglas Middleton Arthur
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Just going back to COVID-19 for a second. Joe, I'm wondering if you could -- I mean my concern would
be on the festival business in Europe if there was any kind of wider spread beyond Italy obviously. As you
said, most of that is in the summer, so it's a ways off. But -- and I think 5 years ago, the festival business
in Europe was a big part of your package. I think it's less big today as a component given the growth in
other markets. But I'm wondering if you could just sort of size -- sort of frame the size of that business
for you, if there was some kind of slowdown or less attendance or even cancellations outright of some of
these large festivals over on the continent.

Joe Berchtold
President

Yes. I think our total festival business would be in the low double-digit portion of our total fan base.
And I think our largest single festival would probably be roughly 0.5% of our fan base. So we're across
100-and-change festivals. It's very diversified, geographically diversified, time-wise, over multiple
continents. So if there were to be a situation still as we get into July and August, and you assume it's
located geographically, I would not expect that to be a broad impact in terms of our fan count.

Douglas Middleton Arthur
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Okay. And then just one little detail question on the quarter. I kind of asked this question before, but
it looks like your event count in North America in the fourth quarter was very high year-over-year and
relative to recent quarters. Is that just this continuation of massive growth in small clubs and theaters?

Joe Berchtold
President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Yes, theaters and clubs, that's -- I think we called out specifically the volume and the growth in my portion
on the number of theaters and clubs and the attendance there. So that is what drove most of it in Q4.

Douglas Middleton Arthur
Huber Research Partners, LLC

And there's no acquisitions in there, right, in North America?

Michael Rapino
President, CEO & Director

None of substance. Maybe a club we leased in Philadelphia.

Joe Berchtold
President

Yes.

Michael Rapino
President, CEO & Director

Not an acquisition of scale.

Joe Berchtold
President

Yes.

Operator

And next, we'll move on to Stephen Glagola with Cowen.

Stephen William Glagola
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Per the company's Investor Day presentation in November, you guys highlighted a $60 million ticketing
AOI opportunity from entering in new markets with the Live Nation promoter, Presence. These markets
primarily consisted of Latin America and Asian countries. Just wanted to ask, in light of Ticketmaster's
recent expansion into Asia, in Taiwan and Singapore, can you just discuss high level the economics of both
the Latin America ticketing and Asia ticketing and how those markets may differ structurally from both the
United States and Europe and any incremental challenges in those markets that you may be facing?

Michael Rapino
President, CEO & Director

They're well prepared. We're in -- Asia is less than 0.01% or nothing of our business right now. So it's not
a strong business for us currently. I think I would have said in liberty that on a global basis, we have a
lot of opportunity left international, and we look at -- we look all across the world, from Latin America to
South Africa to Asia. We think all of those markets, India and et cetera, are going to be long-term great
markets for us that are -- where we have low market share and are starting to put some shows.

So we're happy we got a flag in the ground in Singapore and Taiwan, small little businesses. We hope
to get more flags in the ground over time. And we think in 3 to 5 years from now, we hope the Asian
business is a big contributor to our overall business as well as Latin America. But those are emerging
markets, still very new, lots of upside, but not -- to date, don't actually contribute much to the bottom
line.

Operator

That does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to our
speakers for any final or additional comments.

Michael Rapino
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Thank you.

Operator
Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you all for your
participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

