Loews Corporation NYSE:L
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, August 03, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

EPS Normalized 

Revenue  (mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-07-2020 9:21 PM GMT

-FQ4 2019-

CONSENSUS

0.73

-

-FY 2019-

CONSENSUS

3.35

14769.00

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.96

0.75

0.68

0.73

1.15

0.91

0.22

1.11

19.79 %

21.33 %

(67.65 %)

52.05 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate
Communications

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Loews Corporation's Second Quarter
2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas to begin. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone. And as Maria said, welcome to Loews' Corporation's second
quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company
overview may be found on our website, loews.com.

On this call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer,
David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session
from -- that has questions from our shareholders.

Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are
forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those
made or implied in any forward-looking statements. Due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties,
including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the
time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-
looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking
statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, you
may also -- we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and
earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures.

In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson, will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. But before
he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Mary, and good morning, everyone. Rather than getting into specifics about the quarter, I want
to use this call today as an opportunity to get something off my chest. I am beyond frustrated with where
the -- where the stock market has been pricing Loews and CNA, and I can't believe how undervalued the
stocks are.

Loews' market capitalization as of this morning is about $9.8 billion, and our stake in CNA plus net
cash alone account for more than $9.4 billion of that number. That leaves the market's valuation of our
nonpublicly traded subsidiaries, Boardwalk, Loews Hotels and Altium at less than $500 million, which, to
my mind, is patently absurd. I also think CNA's value is patently absurd, but more on that later.

Let's look at each of Loews' privately held subsidiaries to see if I can demonstrate to you that collectively,
they are worth dramatically more than $500 million. First, let's look at Boardwalk pipeline. In July of 2018,
Loews purchased the outstanding common units of Boardwalk that we didn't already own for $1.5 billion,
putting the total equity value of Loews' ownership stake in Boardwalk at $3 billion. Keep in mind that
Loews is in litigation over Boardwalk with a trial date set for January of 2021. So we can't get into too
much detail. However, since the time of our purchase of Boardwalk's remaining public float, nothing has
occurred with the performance of the company that would lead us to reconsider that purchase.

Boardwalk has successfully made it through the challenge of recontracting, and since going private, has
reinvested a majority of its distributable cash flow in order to reduce the risk and volatility of future
earnings. And since July of 2018, EBITDA for the business is essentially flat despite the significant
recontracting headwinds the company has experienced. While future growth projects have become more

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

difficult to complete in the current regulatory environment, Boardwalk benefits from its base of 14,000
miles of pipe in the ground. Boardwalk also benefits from stable fixed-fee contracts. The company has
over $9 billion of contractual backlog or 7x Boardwalk's annual revenues. Essentially, I'm comfortable
with the guidance I gave last quarter for Boardwalk. The company is currently tracking slightly better
than forecast for the first half of the year. Its flow volumes are up, the pipes are doing well and storage
revenues are strong. At the end of 2020, Boardwalk should continue to have a debt-to-EBITDA ratio below
5x.

For all the reasons I've just outlined, I'm very disappointed by the market's implied value of Boardwalk.
Clearly, the company is worth much more than the market gives us credit for.

Next, let's take a look at Loews Hotels. At the risk of stating the obvious, this year will be a washout for
the entire hotel and travel industry, and Loews Hotels is no exception to the rule. During my first quarter
remarks, I made note of the fact that there were only 4 Loews Hotels open at the time. Today, many more
of our hotels are operational, but occupancy rates remain abysmally low, especially for our properties
located in city centers. Our resort hotels are doing a bit better. But since many of them are located in
COVID hotspots, there's plenty of room for improvement. I believe that over time, whether through a
vaccine or other mitigants, the travel industry will recover, and Loews Hotels will once again be a growth
engine for Loews.

One last thought on hotels. As I mentioned, the market currently values our privately held subsidiaries at
about $500 million. We make available on the parent company website, Loews Hotels' adjusted EBITDA
and adjusted mortgage debt. When looking at these numbers, however, keep in mind that the hotel
company has invested equity in projects that have recently opened or have yet to open. And the true
earning power of these hotels has never been reflected in Loews Hotels' historical EBITDA. It's clear that
even if you did a back of the envelope valuation for Loews Hotels, you would see that in any sort of hotel
industry recovery, the equity we have in Loews Hotels would be measured in the billions of dollars.

Before getting to CNA, let me address our privately held subsidiary, Altium. Altium became a Loews'
subsidiary in 2017. At the time, Loews paid $1.2 billion for Altium, consisting of $600 million in equity
and $600 million in subsidiary debt. When we acquired the company, Altium's net sales were about $800
million. Now Altium's net sales have grown to about $1 billion, driven mostly by 6 accretive acquisitions
funded with internally generated cash flow and additional debt at the subsidiary level. With everything
we are seeing, we think this will be a good year for Altium as year-to-date organic EBITDA has grown
by about 13% and total EBITDA has grown about 35%. Judging from the increase in sales and improved
earnings, it's clear that our equity value in Altium is worth more than what we paid for it a few years ago.

After the survey of our privately held subsidiaries and the description of how we think about each of them,
hopefully, you will understand why I feel the market is asleep at the switch when it comes to Loews' stock.

Last, but certainly not least, I want to talk about our publicly held subsidiary, CNA. So far, I have focused
my remarks on how wrong the market has been in valuing our privately held subsidiaries. But that doesn't
mean the market has gotten CNA's valuation right. CNA trades at a substantial discount to its peers
despite its stellar underwriting performance and while CNA trades at a discount, I believe the commercial
property and casualty insurance industry itself is undervalued by the market. While the S&P trades at
around 20x next year's earnings, the commercial P&C industry trades in the high single to low double
digits. In a show of support for CNA and its management team, and to signal our displeasure with the
market's valuation of the company, Loews bought about 0.5 million shares of CNA in the second quarter.

And speaking of the second quarter, I want to take a moment to commend CNA's management team
on delivering strong underlying results, especially considering the challenging economic environment.
When you strip out all the noise in the quarter, the company's underlying combined ratio was 93.4%. CNA
continues to benefit from a strong premium rate environment. Rates increased by 3 percentage points
from the first quarter of 2020 to about 11% in the second quarter, and the company is actively managing
its long-term care business, taking actions to reduce risk now and into the future.

CNA's portfolio -- investment portfolio also had a good quarter, reflecting the market's rebound. The CNA
investment portfolio had $4.4 billion in unrealized gains. At the end of the second quarter, the portfolio

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

had bounced back nicely. And its unrealized gain was near its prior high. The downside of such large
unrealized gains is that the market yields are low. The yield on 10-year treasury notes is currently below
60 basis points for entities like insurance companies that make money on float, such low rates can become
a drag on earnings. All else being equal, a 100 basis point increase in market yields would reduce CNA's
unrealized gains by about $2.7 billion. However, investment income would go up dramatically. In short,
CNA would have lower unrealized gains but would have higher earnings in the intermediate to long term.

Finally, I want to talk about capital allocation at Loews. Over the last quarter, we bought a little under
1 million shares of Loews' stock, and as I mentioned, about 0.5 million shares of CNA. We bought the
CNA shares because we wanted to send a signal to the market that we think the company is trading at
too steep a discount. With over $3.6 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet, we are willing
to continue to highlight how egregiously our shares and CNA shares are being priced. That means that
share repurchases are certainly not off the table, but we won't be buying in shares at the pace set over
the last 2 years. Right now, as we experience so much uncertainty in the world and the financial markets,
our focus is on maintaining a substantial cash position as our rainy day fund. At Loews, we are constantly
reevaluating our capital allocation strategy and making adjustments accordingly. And 2020 is no different.
And now I'd like to hand the call over to our CFO, David Edelson.

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter, Loews reported a net loss of $835
million or $2.96 per share compared to net income of $249 million or $0.82 per share in last year's
second quarter. This year's second quarter included a net investment loss related to the deconsolidation
of Diamond Offshore, caused by its bankruptcy filing in late April. This loss totaled $957 million after tax.
Two other items furthered the year-over-year decline: catastrophe losses at CNA and losses at Loews
hotels stemming from the severe impact of the pandemic on travel. On a positive note, CNA's underlying
underwriting results were excellent, investment results were favorable at both CNA and the parent
company and operations at both Boardwalk Pipelines and Altium Packaging were strong.

Before I jump into the quarter and the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, let me remind you
what gave rise to the Diamond-related net investment loss. Up to the bankruptcy filing date of April 26,
we accounted for Diamond on a consolidated basis, just as we have historically. These results are shown
on Page 4 of our earnings release on the Diamond Offshore line. Once Diamond filed for bankruptcy,
Loews no longer controlled Diamond for GAAP purposes. As such, we ceased consolidating Diamond and
began accounting for Diamond at fair value. Our net GAAP carrying value of Diamond was $988 million
as of the bankruptcy date. At quarter end, the carrying value of our stake was $31 million based on the
fair value of our shares and a related deferred tax asset. The difference between these 2 values or $957
million is included in the corporate segment as a net investment loss.

Now let me turn to the performance of CNA, Boardwalk, Loews Hotels and Altium Packaging. CNA's
contribution to our net income declined 46% year-over-year to $135 million. The P&C business performed
well, posting an underlying combined ratio of 93.4% and an average rate increase of almost 11%. As a
reminder, CNA's underlying combined ratio for full year 2019 was 1.4 points higher at 94.8%. However,
as preannounced on July 15, CNA booked $300 million of pretax -- $301 million of pretax catastrophe
losses in Q2, up from $38 million in last year's second quarter. 60% of these cat losses related to the
COVID-19 pandemic with civil unrest and weather-related events, accounting for about 20% each. CNA's
$182 million of Q2 COVID-related cat losses combined with the $13 million booked in Q1, represent the
company's current best estimate of its ultimate insurance losses and loss adjustment expenses, including
defense costs, resulting from the pandemic and the consequent economic crisis. Second quarter cat losses
in total added 17.5 points to CNA's loss ratio and reduced our net income by $212 million.

Last quarter, we discussed how COVID-induced volatility in the financial markets reduced CNA's net
investment income, caused significant net investment losses and materially shrunk the unrealized gain
in the company's investment portfolio. In Q2, net investment income benefited from a strong quarter
for equities and alternatives, and net investment gains were significant, largely thanks to the market
appreciation on CNA's holdings of nonredeemable preferred stock. Moreover, as Jim described, CNA's net

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

unrealized gain increased more than 100% from March 31 to $4.4 billion, surpassing the year-end level of
$4.1 billion.

Moving on to Boardwalk. The company contributed $34 million to our net income in Q2, down from $53
million last year. Last year's second quarter included a $19 million net benefit from a customer bankruptcy
and related contract cancellation. Excluding this nonrecurring item, Boardwalk's net income contribution
was flat year-over-year. As we have discussed previously, Boardwalk has experienced contract expirations
and restructurings over the past few years related to pipelines placed into service between 2008 and
2010. The net effect has been for contracts to be renewed or replaced at lower rates. This recontracting
activity essentially concluded by year-end 2019. This year's second quarter results fully reflect the
recontracting activity.

Net operating revenues in Q2, excluding last year's nonrecurring item, was down less than 2% year-over-
year with pipeline growth projects, parking loan and storage and other items, almost fully offsetting the
revenue loss from contract expirations and restructurings. Natural gas throughput and liquid volumes
increased more than 7% year-to-date in 2020 versus 2019.

Boardwalk management is actively monitoring the credit quality of its customers, given the declines in
crude oil and natural gas prices. Thus far, the impact has been de minimis. Boardwalk will have spent
approximately $2 billion on growth projects during the 2016 to 2020 period. These investments have
helped the company compensate for the recontracting pressures faced over the last few years. These
investments have also allowed the company to execute on its strategy to diversify its revenue stream by
increasing the percent of revenues coming from end-user demand-pull customers.

Now turning to Loews Hotels. The second quarter was tough for Loews Hotels as almost all its rooms
were out of service for most of the quarter. Operations were not suspended at only 4 properties. The
company posted a net loss of $72 million in Q2 as compared to net income of $12 million last year.
GAAP operating revenue was just $9 million, down 94% from last year's second quarter. Revenue at the
company's JV properties, which is not included in GAAP consolidated operating revenue, declined a similar
percentage. Adjusted EBITDA, which is defined in our earnings supplement and excludes nonrecurring
items, decreased $122 million year-over-year to a loss of $54 million. 13 properties resumed operations
in Q2, spread out from May 29 through June 26 and the Loews, Kansas City opened on June 1 after its
grand opening was delayed by COVID. 5 more properties resumed operations during July. As of today, 4
properties plus the yet to be opened Endless Summer dockside property in Orlando are not operational.

We stated last quarter that during each month of suspended operation -- of fully suspended operations,
the hotel company was expected to generate negative cash flow of about $25 million. We explained that
this amount should decline as properties resume operations since Loews Hotels' management intended
to restart operations at properties only when doing so improve cash flow. This has thus far proven to be
the case as the hotel company is effectively and aggressively managing property level and management
company expenses.

Turning to Altium Packaging. Altium continued to experience strong revenue and EBITDA growth as it
benefited from its recent acquisitions, namely its pharmaceutical packaging business as well as increased
demand for such core products as household chemicals, water and beverages. Conversely, demand
weakened somewhat in segments, including automotive, commercial foodservice and institutional dairy.

Altium contributed a slight net loss despite its robust EBITDA increase. Depreciation and amortization
were up from the prior year, driven by the recent acquisitions and by the accelerated amortization of the
CCC trade name. All in all, Altium is performing above plan and has been very successful in winning new
business by demonstrating reliability and customer focus.

Across the board, we remain focused on ensuring that our subsidiaries implement effective policies and
procedures to protect the safety and health of their employees. Loews' long-term success rests on the
success of our subsidiaries, so the well-being of their employees is our foremost concern.

Finally, a few words about the parent company. As always, we are focused on maintaining a strong and
highly liquid balance sheet. At quarter end, the parent company portfolio of cash and investments totaled

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

$3.6 billion, with about 80% in cash and equivalents and the remainder mainly in marketable equity
securities and a small portfolio of limited partnership investments. The parent company investment
portfolio generated pretax income of $110 million in Q2, up from $33 million in Q2 2019 and well ahead
of the $166 million loss in Q1. Equities drove the parent company investment results. We received $90
million in dividends from CNA during the second quarter. As a reminder, Boardwalk has adopted an annual
dividend policy, and we respect -- and we expect to receive a dividend in the fourth quarter approximating
last year's $100 million.
I will now hand the call back to Mary.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, David. As is our practice, we have received several questions from shareholders that we will
answer. Every quarter, we encourage shareholders to send us questions that they would like us to answer,
and we've received several for this quarter.

First question has to do with CNA. Loews has more privately held subsidiaries than publicly held
subsidiaries. What is the benefit of CNA as a public company?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

So we've always believed that having a public marker for CNA is beneficial for Loews, especially for our
shareholders. And I dare say that if CNA wasn't public, they would be clamoring for us to take it public.
However, it's really rare for CNA to be trading as drastically undervalued as it is now. The public -- my
sense is that the public market today doesn't make much sense and is certainly not an accurate reflection
of the value of CNA. Also, all P&C companies, as I said in my remarks, are undervalued. Of course, there
are lots of good reasons for keeping CNA as a public company. And those outweigh what I consider to be
the short-term problem of the undervaluation. Number one, it's important to regulators and credit rating
agencies. It's important for attracting talent to be able to give them long-term incentive that is based on
the stock. And it's also important just for transparency. And as for the added expense of keeping CNA
public in the context of the size of Loews and of CNA, there really aren't any significant expenses that
could be saved.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Okay. Great. The next question has to do with the deal environment. Jim, is Loews looking to add another
subsidiary right now?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

No, we are not. We're not actively looking at any deals right now in these uncertain times. As I said in my
remarks, our focus is on conserving cash. Both CNA and Loews are so cheap that when we think the time
is right, we'll continue to buy in Loews shares. But as I say all the time, we like to keep an open mind. And
if the relative values of Loews and the deal markets change, then it is very possible that we could switch
from repurchasing our own shares to hunting for new businesses to buy.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Jim, you said in your remarks that this year is probably a washout for the hotel and travel industry. Can
you talk a little bit about what recovering in the whole -- in the hotel industry looks like?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

A washout, it certainly is. First, let me start by saying something that was told to me when I was in
college. It's an old expression. He who lives by the crystal ball must learn to eat ground glass. And with
that as a caveat, let me add that I think 2020 will be the bottom of the hotel industry in terms of the
effects of the pandemic. And I believe that 2021 will be dramatically better than 2020. And if I'm going to
forecast longer than that, I think that '22 will even be better than '21.

Currently, we're seeing more of a pickup in driving leisure type travel at our resorts, destinations. The
business travel and hotels and city centers are lagging the resorts at this point in time. My guess is that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

this will persist for some time as companies weigh employee safety and security as well as reassess their
travel budgets. But I believe that in the fullness of time, those -- that travel and those budgets will be --
come back at similar levels to where they were before this all began.

Keep in mind that we're seeing a pickup in occupancy from a few months ago, but occupancy is still very,
very low, measured at 10%, 20%, 30% or 40% most of the time. We've opened the hotels because we
found that we lose less cash by keeping those hotels open rather than keeping them closed. But we are
still losing money in those hotels.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

The next question has to do with capital allocation. Loews has plenty of cash on its balance sheet. And
with Loews' stock trading where it is, why not use $1 billion or $2 billion towards share repurchases?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

So that's a very good question. We keep -- as you all know, we keep our level of cash and investments
above our debt levels because it's important for the company to maintain its bond ratings and the rating
agencies like to see us have more cash and investments than debt. The Loews rating provides an uplift
to some of our subsidiary ratings, giving them, among other things, access to cheaper debt. So under
exceptional circumstances, we would certainly consider allowing our cash and our investment balances
to go below our debt levels, but buying in Loews shares at an exceptional price isn't yet included in my
definition of an exceptional circumstance. Currently, given the ongoing uncertainty in the world, we think
it may take -- it makes a lot of sense to be cautious and maintain ample liquidity. But as Loews' shares
continue to be remarkably undervalued, my calculus on this is very possible to change.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Okay. And the last question we have is, we just received this question, even though you answered this
topic earlier in the call, we wanted to ask it again. The question is, the market is giving Loews almost no
value for its privately held subsidiaries. How should investors think of Loews' sub value.

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Well, you're right. I did cover it in my opening remarks and for people that are just reading a transcript,
I'd recommend that you go back -- sorry, just reading the Q&A of the transcript, I recommend that you
go back and read those remarks. But I'll just go over this briefly. Over the -- our purchase, say, 2 years
ago of the outstanding common units of Boardwalk, that placed an equity valuation of about $3 billion on
Boardwalk. And as I said previously, nothing has occurred in the performance of the company that would
lead us to reconsider that purchase at all. Prior to the COVID pandemic, evaluation of our hotel business
was measured in the billions of dollars, and I still feel comfortable that in the recovery from the pandemic,
which I see coming certainly in the next year or so, we will see that valuation again. And finally, our equity
check for Altium was $600 million, as I said in my remarks. And due to the good results and the good
investments at Altium, I believe the valuation should be higher now. So when you add all that up, in my
mind, the market valuation of $500 million for all of our nonpublicly traded subsidiaries is to me ludicrous
when they are clearly worth dramatically more than that.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Okay. Great. Thank you, Jim. Thank you, David, and thank you, everyone, for listening. That concludes
Loews call. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at mskafidas@loews.com, and
a replay will be available on our website, Loews.com, in approximately 2 hours.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

