Lowe's Companies, Inc. NYSE:LOW
FQ3 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 17, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2022-

-FQ4 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

2.35

2.73

16.17

1.48

11.20

-

12.23

Revenue  (mm)

22063.06

22918.00

3.88

20621.00

95500.84

95000.00

95039.51

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-17-2021 1:39 PM GMT

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

FQ2 2022

FQ3 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.21

2.59

4.01

2.35

1.33

3.21

4.25

2.73

9.92 %

23.94 %

5.98 %

16.17 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David M. Denton
Executive VP, CFO & Principal
Financial Officer

Joseph Michael McFarland
Executive Vice President of Stores

Steven Paul Forbes
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kate Pearlman
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

William P. Boltz
Executive Vice President of
Merchandising

ANALYSTS

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Charles P. Grom
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Elizabeth Lane Suzuki
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Lowe's Companies Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
My name is Sherry, and I will be your operator for today's call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded.

I will now turn the call over to Kate Pearlman, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Kate Pearlman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you and good morning. Here with me today are Marvin Ellison, Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer; Bill Boltz, our Executive Vice President, Merchandising; Joe McFarland, our Executive
Vice President, Stores; and Dave Denton, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

I would like to remind you that our notice regarding forward-looking statements is included in our press
release this morning, which can be found on Lowe's Investor Relations website. During this call, we will be
making comments that are forward-looking, including our expectations for fiscal 2021. Actual results may
differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of various risks, uncertainties and important
factors, including those discussed in the risk factors, MD&A and other sections of our annual report on
Form 10-K and our other SEC filings.

Additionally, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these items to
U.S. GAAP can be found in the Quarterly Earnings section of our Investor Relations website.

Before we turn to our third quarter results, I would like to announce that we will be hosting a Lowe's 2022
Financial Outlook virtual investor event on Wednesday, December 15 from 8 to 9 a.m. Eastern Time. We
would like to provide greater transparency around our 2022 expectations in this still uncertain operating
environment. Marvin will speak to the key growth initiatives in our Total Home strategy, while Dave will
outline our 2022 financial targets and priorities to assist with your modeling. After our prepared remarks,
we will host a Q&A session.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Marvin.

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

Thank you, Kate, and good morning, everyone. Our momentum continued this quarter with comparable
sales up 2.2% for the total company and 2.6% for the U.S. on top of over 30% growth last year. This
resulted in comp sales of 33% for the total company and 33.7% for the U.S. on a 2-year basis. These
outstanding results were driven by disciplined execution of our Total Home strategy, which allowed us to
grow our share of wallet with both Pro and DIY customers as they gain confidence in Lowe's as the right
destination for all of their project needs.

Our results also benefited from the great work by our merchants and supply chain teams who delivered
competitive in-stock positions as we leverage our scale and carrier relationships to build inventory in key
high-demand categories despite widespread disruption in the global supply chain. Later in the call, Bill
will discuss how we are navigating these unprecedented challenges in order to meet the continued strong
demand for home improvement products.

After Labor Day, we saw an increase in DIY demand on the weekends as travel activity slowed down and
children returned to school. As a result, consumers were once again spending more time on projects in
their homes.

Our elevated product assortment across our home decor offerings are resonating with consumers,
resulting in particularly strong performance in appliances and flooring and contributing to an 11%

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

increase in ticket over $500. The strength in the higher-ticket categories reflects the continued consumer
confidence in their homes as a sound investment and reflects the early success of our Total Home strategy.

We're also making significant progress growing Pro sales. Pro once again outpaced DIY this quarter
with Pro growth over 16% and over 43% on a 2-year basis. Over the past 2 years, we have relentlessly
focused on improving the Pro offering in our stores and online with better service levels, deeper inventory
quantities, a more intuitive store layout combined with an increased number of Pro national brands. As we
continue to drive higher Pro growth, we will increase sales productivity and operating leverage across our
stores.

Later in the call, Bill will discuss our continuing efforts to expand our Pro product offerings, and then Joe
will discuss how we continue to enhance our Pro shopping experience.

For the past 18 months, the home has increased in importance for all of us and perhaps especially for
our baby boomer customers, who are increasingly interested in aging in place in their own homes. This
morning, we are delighted to announce the launch of our Lowe's Livable Home product and installation
services in a unique collaboration with AARP. We will offer affordable on-trend solutions like walk-in
bathtub, grab bars, stairlifts, nonslip floors, pull-down cabinets and wheelchair ramps. These solutions
will help our customers modify their homes to fit their lifestyle needs. Our collaboration with AARP will
leverage their trusted brand and expertise as we help to educate our customers on how to approach aging
in place. We look forward to updating you on this very exciting initiative on future calls.

Now turning to Lowes.com. Sales grew 25% on top of 106% growth in the third quarter of 2020, which
represents a 9% sales penetration this quarter and a 2-year comp of 158%. As we modernize our
omnichannel offering, we continue to gain traction with consumers who increasingly expect a seamless
integrated shopping experience.

And as a further indication of the strides we've made in upgrading our dot-com platform, I'm pleased
to announce that we have recently launched Lowe's' One Roof Media Network. Our recognition for the
first time in 17 years as Fortune's Most Admired Specialty Retailer and our inclusion as 1 of the top 3
marketers of the year in Ad Age's annual list means that we are well positioned to put our vendor partners
at the forefront of the home lifestyle movement, helping them to capitalize on the shift in consumer
behavior and sentiment toward the home. We're excited to participate in this rapidly growing segment of
digital advertising.

During the quarter, operating margin expanded approximately 240 basis points, leading to diluted earnings
per share of $2.73, which is a 38% increase as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share in the
prior year. Our improved operating performance continues to reflect the great execution of the team as
well as the benefits of our new price management system and the success of our perpetual productivity
improvement initiatives, or PPI. Dave and Joe will provide further details on both of these initiatives later
in the call.

Now turning to our results in Canada. While our performance lagged the U.S. as the Canadian business
is more heavily weighted towards lumber, the Canadian leadership team remains focused on driving
productivity by leveraging technology and processes that have already yielded strong results in the U.S.

I'd now like to take a moment to discuss how we're expanding our fulfillment capabilities to meet the
ever-increasing consumer demand for omnichannel shopping solutions. This quarter, we completed the
conversion of our second geographic area, the Ohio Valley region, to the market-based delivery model for
big and bulky product, building on the success we gained in Florida. As a reminder, in the market-based
delivery model for big and bulky products flowing from our supply chain directly to consumers' homes,
bypassing the stores all together. This replaces the legacy store delivery model, which is highly inefficient
and relies on each store to function as its own distribution node for these products.

This new delivery model is already driving higher sales in appliances, improved operating margins,
reduced inventory and higher on-time delivery rates. We plan to complete the rollout across the entire
U.S. over the next 18-plus months.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Now let's talk about the importance of culture at Lowe's. This year, we're celebrating our centennial with
a $10 million investment in 100 communities across the country with projects ranging from renovating
homeless shelters, updating youth centers and addressing unique needs for communities all around the
country. You can go to Lowes.com and see a full list of all 100 community projects. This is our way of
expressing our appreciation for our loyal customers and paying tribute to the company's long-standing
commitment to community service.

In addition to commitment to the community, at Lowe's, we are proud of our relationship with and support
of our military veterans and active-duty service members. This is demonstrated by the $1 billion in
discounts that we give our military families in our country this year through our Military Discount program.
Joe will discuss this program in more detail later in the call.

Before I close, I would like to extend my appreciation for our frontline associates. Every week, I'm
fortunate to travel across the country visiting stores, and I'm impressed by our associates' resilience and
commitment to serving our customers and our communities. And I'm very pleased to announce that for
the seventh consecutive quarter, 100% of our stores earned a Winning Together profit-sharing bonus. This
$138 million payout to our frontline hourly associates is $70 million above the target payment level and
reflects our appreciation for the hard work of our hourly workforce.

And with that, I will now turn the call over to Bill.

William P. Boltz
Executive Vice President of Merchandising

Thanks, Marvin, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, U.S. comparable sales increased 2.6%
and 33.7% on a 2-year basis as our Total Home strategy continues to gain traction with our DIY and Pro
customers. This quarter, we drove positive comps across our home decor and hardlines divisions. Comps
in the building products divisions were down slightly as compared to the prior year as we cycled over a
period of extremely high DIY demand for lumber. Growth continued to be broad-based on a 2-year basis
with all product categories up more than 17% in that time frame.

In our home decor division, appliances and flooring delivered standout performances as we leveraged our
competitive in-stock positions and updated product assortments to deliver strong positive comps on top of
20% growth in these categories last year. Within appliances, sales of refrigerators, freezers and washers
and dryers were particularly strong.

In flooring, vinyl flooring remains the top-performing category supported by innovative product like
the WetProtect from Pergo, which is exclusive to Lowe's. And we are pleased to see the new product
offerings in our own allen + roth brand resonating with our customers, like the new allen + roth Lifestyle
Performance rugs. These rugs have the appearance of an indoor rug, but they are hose-washable, which
makes them ideal for busy families with kids and pets.

Turning to our performance in our hardlines division. Customers also invested in outdoor entertainment
and upgrading their outdoor living spaces as well as holiday decorations for their homes and yards, driving
strong positive comps in seasonal and outdoor living and lawn and garden, resulting in 2-year comps over
43% in each category.

We were also pleased with our performance in Halloween as we've sold through much earlier than in
previous years. And our early sales of holiday trim and tree are tracking ahead as well as consumers are
getting a jump start on their holiday decorating.

In addition to early sales of holiday, we have also seen customers purchasing cold weather products
like snow throwers earlier than in years past. With broader awareness of potential global supply chain
disruptions, we are seeing many consumers looking to purchase products as soon as they are available in
our stores.

In the quarter, we also leveraged our #1 position in outdoor power equipment to deliver over 20% growth
in battery-operated outdoor power equipment. Both our DIY and Pro customers are enjoying the zero-
emission rechargeable products available in the EGO, Kobalt, CRAFTSMAN and Skill brands. We continue

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

to expand our brand and product assortment, building on the powerful lineup of brands that include John
Deere, Honda, Husqvarna, Aaron's and CRAFTSMAN.

In building products, comps were down slightly due to a decline in DIY lumber sales despite double-digit
comps in electrical and strong positive comps in rough plumbing and building materials. We feel good
about the traction that we are gaining with the Pro customer as we continue to build out our product
assortments that are tailored to their needs.

This quarter, we completed the launch of the SPAX fastener program in our stores. SPAX is the market
leader in multi-material construction screws. We also continue to build out our Pro power tool accessory
program with new launches from Spyder and DEWALT. This quarter, Spyder will be launching their new
TARANTULA circular saw blades, offering 7 new options to tackle a wider variety of tough construction
jobs, all of which are exclusive to Lowe's. And DEWALT will be launching their new ELITE SERIES circular
saw blades, which are designed to maximize productivity for heavy-duty projects, and these will also be
exclusive to Lowe's.

These new products are strong additions to our Pro brand lineup, which includes great programs like
Simpson Strong-Tie, DEWALT, Metabo, Bosch, Spyder, GRK, FastenMaster, ITW, Lufkin, Marshalltown,
Estwing, Eaton, SharkBite and LESCO and the recent additions of FLEX, SPAX and Mansfield.

Now shifting to Lowes.com. We delivered sales growth of 25% in the quarter and 158% on a 2-year
basis. Following the launch of Lowe's virtual kitchen design and visual search in Q2, we enhanced our
omnichannel customer experience with the introduction of our paint visualizer on Lowes.com in the third
quarter. We are continually working to remove friction from the buying process and to fully integrate the
online and in-store shopping experience.

Before I close, I'd like to discuss how we're navigating the unprecedented disruptions across the global
supply chain that are impacting the retail industry. As one of the largest importers in the U.S., we are
fortunate to be able to leverage our scale and carrier relationships to secure shipping and transportation
capacity and work to minimize the impact of cost increases. We're also taking a very proactive approach
by ordering inventory earlier than the years past, including our seasonal buys for both 2021 and 2022.
This gives us more time to manage through any unforeseen delays in either the production or the
distribution of our orders.

Once the product lands in the U.S., we are able to leverage our growing network of coastal holding
facilities so that we can hold the product upstream from our regional distribution centers and bulk
distribution centers until it's needed. From there, we can quickly flow the product to the right areas of the
country.

Looking ahead, we are ready to flex our seasonal pads to a variety of different winter and early spring
offerings after we sell through our trim and tree product. The investments that we made in the U.S. stores
reset last year expanded our operating capabilities and has allowed us to respond rapidly to the changing
consumer shopping habits, like the early season buying that we're seeing right now.

Once again, I'd like to thank our merchants, supply chain team and our vendor partners for their hard
work and support, which has allowed us to manage through this changing environment.

Thank you, and I'll now turn the call over to Joe.

Joseph Michael McFarland
Executive Vice President of Stores

Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Marvin mentioned, this quarter, 100% of our stores earned
their Winning Together profit-sharing bonus, resulting in a payout of $138 million to our frontline hourly
associates. I would like to thank our associates not only for their outstanding execution this quarter, but
for their commitment to the communities during the numerous severe weather events across the country.

The current hiring environment remains competitive, and we continue to align labor to meet demand.
Our labor management system has allowed us to serve the needs of our customers while addressing the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

lifestyle demands of our associates. Lowe's offers a unique opportunity for job seekers as we foster a
culture that is geared towards associates' skill and career development.

During the quarter, we expanded Lowe's University leadership curriculum across all of our stores. Lowe's
U provides all associates with new learning and development opportunities in addition to the standard
onboarding courses. Our program provides small digestible lessons that improve their product and how-
to knowledge and is tailored to the associate's role. The additional training complements their existing
knowledge and supports improved customer service and leadership development.

Lowe's University is available for all store associates via our smart mobile devices on the sales floor or
in the newly created Lowe's U learning labs in our stores, and we continue to expand it into our contact
centers as well as our distribution centers. In addition to competitive wages and benefits and rewarding
career opportunities, Lowe's U will play a pivotal role in our efforts to retain an experienced and engaged
workforce.

I'd also like to provide you with an update on our perpetual productivity improvement initiatives, which
continue to drive payroll leverage through the quarter. As a reminder, PPI is an ongoing process in a
series of initiatives that scale over time instead of one large single project. One example is the simplified
interface that we introduced in the checkout area last year, which allowed us to accelerate the cashier
training process and improve the customer experience. We have begun introducing the simplified interface
to other selling stations throughout the store, including appliances, kitchens and bath and millwork. This
new interface will replace the primitive green screen technology that is cumbersome and difficult to learn.

Associates are starting to use this intuitive modern platform for consultative selling. With more time to
focus on the customer, the associate is now better able to capture the entire project.

Lowe's homegrown self-checkout is another PPI initiative that will drive increased labor productivity as we
scale it over time. This new option, which was designed specifically for the home improvement shopper,
is so much easier to use that we are already seeing higher customer adoption rates. These 2 initiatives
are fantastic examples of what PPI is all about: leveraging technology to reduce tasking and drive labor
productivity while improving the associate and the customer experience.

Shifting to Pro. I would like to thank our Pro team for delivering outstanding results once again this
quarter, driving Pro comps of over 16% for the quarter and over 43% on a 2-year basis. Our Pro
customers are expressing appreciation for our new in-store convenience features, including Pro trailer
parking, free phone charging stations and air stations for refilling tires. This helps them get in and out of
our stores quickly with additional conveniences that cut down on the number of stops they need to make
during the week. Time is money for this busy customer, so we're focused on helping them maximize the
time they spend on the job site.

We recently completed our inaugural Pro Pulse Survey, which provides great insight into what is on the
Pro's mind and how they view their future business opportunities. We are encouraged to learn more about
their optimistic outlook and their strong job pipelines. I look forward to updating you on future calls on our
ongoing initiatives to grow share with this very important customer.

In honor of Veterans Day, I would like to thank my fellow veterans at Lowe's for their service, 25,000
strong across our company. As a veteran, I'm particularly proud of the commitment to the 10% discount
for active-duty service members and our veterans and their families every single day with no purchase
limit. And I also wanted to mention that we offered our first responders a Lowe's discount for the first time
this quarter. This recognition reflects our heartfelt appreciation for their commitment to serving others
during the ongoing pandemic. At Lowe's, we remain focused on improving the communities where our
associates work and live, and there is no better way to do this than to support our first responders.

I would like to close by once again thanking our store associates for their continued hard work and
dedication and the great results they delivered this quarter.

With that, I will turn it over to Dave.

David M. Denton

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Executive VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Thank you, Joe. I'll begin this morning with a few comments on the company's disciplined capital
allocation program. In Q3, we generated $1.9 billion in free cash flow, driven by better-than-expected
operating results. Capital expenditures totaled $410 million in the quarter as we invest in our strategic
initiatives to drive the business and support long-term growth.

We returned $3.4 billion to our shareholders through a combination of both dividends as well as share
repurchases. During the quarter, we paid $563 million in dividends at $0.80 per share. Additionally,
we repurchased 13.7 million shares for $2.9 billion and have over $10.7 billion remaining on our share
repurchases authorization. And today, I'm excited to announce that we are now planning to repurchase
an incremental $3 billion of shares in Q4. This will bring our total share repurchases to approximately
$12 billion for the full year, a clear reflection of our commitment to driving long-term value for our
shareholders.

Our balance sheet remains very healthy with $6.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents at quarter end.
Adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR stands at 2.14x, well below our long-term stated target of 2.75x.

Now I'd like to turn to the income statement. In the quarter, we reported diluted earnings per share of
$2.73, an increase of 38% compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share last year. This increase was
driven by better-than-expected sales growth, improved gross margin rate and SG&A leverage as a result
of strong execution across our business. My comments from this point forward will include approximations
where applicable.

In the quarter, sales were $22.9 billion with a comparable sales increase of 2.2%. Comparable average
ticket increased 9.7% driven primarily by higher-ticket sales of appliances and flooring as well as product
inflation. Keep in mind that commodity inflation did not have a material impact on comparable sales in Q3
as deflation in lumber was largely offset by inflation in other categories, including copper. Year-to-date,
commodity inflation had lifted total sales by approximately $2.1 billion and improved comp growth by 300
basis points.

In the quarter, comp transaction count declined 7.5% due to lower sales to DIY customers of smaller-
ticket items as well as lower DIY lumber unit sales. In the quarter, we once again cycled over a period
where consumer mobility was limited. So many of our DIY customers were working on smaller home
improvement projects. Comp transactions increased 16.4% last year, which resulted in a 2-year comp
transaction increase of 7.7%.

We continue to gain momentum in our Total Home strategy as both Pro and DIY customers alike
increasingly look to Lowe's for a one-stop solution to their project needs. We delivered growth of over
16% in Pro, 25% on Lowes.com and positive comps across all home decor categories. U.S. comp sales
increased 2.6% in the quarter and was up 33.7% on a 2-year basis. Our U.S. monthly comp sales were
down 0.4% in August, up 1.1% in September and up 7.7% in October.

Trends improved as we moved through the quarter with stronger weekend traffic post Labor Day. As Bill
mentioned, we are seeing some indications of early seasonal buying, consistent with broader retail trends.

Looking at U.S. comp growth on a 2-year basis. From 2019 to '21, August sales increased 28.4%,
September increased 33.3% and October increased 40%. U.S. comp transaction count improved each
month of the quarter and in October, up double digits on a 2-year basis. Gross margin was 33.1% of
sales in the third quarter, up 38 basis points from last year. Product margin rate declined 25 basis points.
Lumber margins were pressured, particularly towards the beginning of the quarter as we sold through the
higher-cost inventory layers after the steep drop in lumber prices in early July.

As our Canadian business is more heavily concentrated in lumber, the margin pressure was more acute
there than in the U.S. These pressures were largely mitigated by data-driven pricing and product cost
management strategies across many other product categories. Gross margins also benefited from 5 basis
points of favorable product mix due to a lower percentage of lumber sales versus the third quarter of last
year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

In addition, higher credit revenue benefited margins by 60 basis points, while improved shrink contributed
20 basis points of benefits this quarter. These benefits were partially offset by 30 basis points of increased
supply chain costs due to higher importation and transportation costs as well as the expansion of our
omnichannel capabilities.

We are leveraging our scale and our carrier relationships to minimize the impacts of these higher
distribution costs. However, we are not immune to these rising costs, and we expect that we will continue
to absorb higher cost in our distribution network going forward.

SG&A at 19.1% of sales levered 230 basis points versus LY due to better-than-expected sales and
disciplined expense management. We incurred $45 million of COVID-related expenses in the quarter
as compared to $290 million of COVID-related expenses last year. The $245 million reduction in these
expenses generated 110 basis points of SG&A leverage. Additionally, we incurred $100 million of expenses
related to the U.S. stores reset in the third quarter of last year. As we did not incur any material expense
related to this project this year, this generated 50 basis points of SG&A leverage compared to LY. And
finally, we've generated approximately 50 basis points of favorable SG&A leverage from our PPI initiatives.

We are very pleased with our operating income performance as we are driving solid growth in operating
profits while significantly expanding operating margin rate. For the quarter, operating profit was $2.8
billion, adding $600 million or a 28% increase over last year. Operating margin of 12.2% of sales for the
quarter increased approximately 240 basis points over LY driven by improved SG&A leverage and higher
gross margin rate.

The effective tax rate was 26.1%. This is above the prior year rate where there was a timing shift that
benefited Q3 at the expense of Q4. At the end of the quarter, inventory was $16.7 billion, which is $1
billion higher than the third quarter of 2020 when our in-stock positions were pressured due to strong
consumer demand and COVID-related supply constraints. Inflation did not have a material impact on
inventory levels as deflation in lumber was largely offset by inflation in other categories, including copper.

Our push to land spring product earlier than normal has increased our inventory position modestly, and
this approach also limits our ability to significantly improve inventory turns in the near term. However, as
both Marvin and Bill have indicated, our relatively strong in-stock positions create a competitive advantage
in the current environment given the ongoing global supply chain constraints.

Now before I close, I'd like to comment on our current trends and our improved 2021 financial outlook.
We are seeing continued momentum in our business as reflected in better-than-expected results. Month-
to-date, November U.S. comparable sales trends are materially consistent with October's performance
level on a 2-year basis as we continue to see early holiday spending trends. Our improved expectations
for 2021 include sales of approximately $95 billion for the year, representing 2-year comparable sales
growth of approximately 33%. This compares to our prior expectations of approximately $92 billion of
sales, which represents approximately 30% comparable sales growth on a 2-year basis.

We continue to expect gross margin rate to be up slightly versus 2020 levels. With higher projected sales
levels and our productivity efforts taking hold, we are raising our outlook for operating income margin to
12.4% from 12.2% for the full year. We expect capital expenditures of up to $2 billion for the year. And
as I mentioned earlier, we're now planning to return excess capital to shareholders via an additional $3
billion in share repurchases in Q4. This will bring our total share repurchases to approximately $12 billion
for the full year, which is higher than our original expectations of $9 billion due to better-than-anticipated
performance.

In closing, we are operating ahead of expectations, expect to benefit from the secular tailwinds over
the next several years. I am confident that the combination of our strong operating results and our
shareholder-focused capital allocation strategies will continue to drive meaningful long-term shareholder
value. And as Kate announced earlier, we look forward to providing you with our 2022 financial outlook on
December 15.
With that, we are now ready for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

My first question is on the Q4 guidance. And Dave, you just gave us the color on the stacks holding for
now. Are there any reasons the stacks -- I know it's a crystal-ball question, but is there any reason the
stacks won't hold through the quarter? And then on margin, is there anything to be wary of? It sounds like
not on gross margin. Anything on SG&A in terms of flow-through, why the business could see anything
different than how the business performed in the third quarter?

David M. Denton
Executive VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Simeon, this is Dave. The short answer is no. There's no difference in the -- in Q4 versus the year-to-date
performance. I would say that just -- obviously, Q4 is the lowest sales volume of the quarter. So obviously,
the flow-through is typically compressed in that quarter.

I would just also just make an observation here that, clearly, we're operating in a very uncertain
environment, and the company is focused on managing those items in which we can control. And
despite this uncertainty, we do have a view of the future, and we develop plans that both drive our sales
performance as well as our profit performance over time. And we believe strongly that it's best practice
that we share these views and our plans with investors so that you can better access and understand our
performance.

And the company continues to really focus really on 2 things: one is gaining share in the marketplace; and
two is improving our profit performance. And I think our outlook both for this year really demonstrates
that we're focused on achieving both of those objectives. And really, as you said, off to a really solid start
as we enter Q4 and look forward to December to talk about 2022.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I guess my follow-up is on December 15. And I think the point of December 15 is to talk about it then, but
I'm going to make a try anyway. And so maybe this is for Marvin and for you, Dave. Anything that's come
up as far as investment cadence that you philosophically want to expedite where you don't let margin
flow? And then the part for you, Dave, is assuming that the business grows and the environment stays
favorable into next year, is there any reason why the margins for this business shouldn't continue to grow?

David M. Denton
Executive VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes. Simeon, good question. Listen, we'll go through that in depth a bit on December 15. Really, we'll
give you an outlook of how we expect the markets to perform from a macro perspective and how we as a
company would plan to execute our financial plan into '22.

The short answer is we do believe the market is really constructive within home improvement. We believe
that it is over the longer term. I think it's probably a little harder in the really near term to estimate
exactly how we're going to perform. But I do think longer term, really nice tailwinds to the market.

Number two, we set a very specific plan to continue to improve our operating margin rate. And we are
very focused on doing that, and we have line of sight long term to continue to expand that.

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Simeon, this is Marvin. And just to set expectations for everyone, we have no plans to announce any big
changes to our strategy. We have no plans to announce an acquisition. This is about transparency, to
Dave's point.

Look, we noted we're operating in very uncertain times, and we have -- other retail and other larger public
companies decided not to share any outlook. So we want to be as transparent as we can because we know
that you all are trying to set your models for next year. So the intent of December is to do exactly what
Dave says: for me to provide the strategic outlook on where we think the growth initiatives will deliver,
and then Dave is going to provide our best view of our outlook for 2022. And that's the sole intent of the
investor update on the 15th of December.

Operator

Our next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

The traffic has been declining as the DIY -- smaller DIY projects have been under pressure as we return to
normalcy. Do you think that this is a good barometer, a good proxy for how traffic is going to unfold over
the next few quarters? Or could you be in a prolonged period where traffic is going to be down for quite
some time as we have this road back to whatever the new normal is?

And as part of that, can you give us a sense for how much noncommodity-related inflation contributed to
your performance in the quarter and recently given that you're -- it looks like you're running a double-
digit comp quarter-to-date? And this is important, obviously, because to the extent that you do see a drag
from DIY traffic being down and you have to lap the stimulus, perhaps some of the noncommodity-related
inflation can support your same-store sales growth even in the face of those headwinds.

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

The 2020 was one of the most unique periods, not only in retail but in the history of our country and our
globe. And we saw a significant number of low-dollar transactions for cleaning supplies, for PPE and for
other around-the-house-related projects.

So when we look at traffic trends for DIY and for Pro, Dave cited the numbers on a 2-year basis. The
reality is the only way we can really get a true understanding of the trends of our business is to look at
everything on a 2-year basis because last year was such a unique anomaly when it comes to revenue and
traffic and, quite candidly, as it relates to operating expenses.

At a high level, we feel great about our performance. As a company, we feel great about the macro
indicators that support home improvement. And as Joe mentioned in his prepared comments, our Pulse
survey with our Pro customers give us enormous confidence that they're going to continue to see growth
in their business based on what they're seeing in their pipeline. And as we look at initiatives like our Total
Home strategy and our Lowe's Livable Home strategy, we think that we have great initiatives to support
our DIY customers to create ongoing demand.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

My follow-up question is -- it would be helpful to have a bit of a flavor for your gross margin over the
next couple of quarters. You've got some idiosyncratic drivers that are helping given the more strategic
approach to pricing and discounting. To what extent can that offset some of these very unique supply
chain challenges that you're going to continue to experience over the next couple of quarters, especially
because it sounds like this credit portfolio benefit that you experienced in the third quarter won't be as
significant moving forward?

David M. Denton
Executive VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Michael, it's Dave here. Listen, from a gross margin perspective, as we've indicated previously, is we
expect gross margin to expand slightly this year in 2021. And from a longer-term perspective, it is our
expectation that we were going to essentially maintain flattish gross margin over time.

Keep in mind that what we're doing here is we're essentially managing and improving product margin rate,
at the same time, investing in our supply chain capabilities that compress gross margin but relieve the
stores with a lot of SG&A that expands operating income. So you should think about the algorithm from
a financial perspective with that lens. And we feel very strongly that the tools and processes that we are
putting in place and have in place will allow us to manage to that objective.

Operator

Our next question is from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So just jumping back, obviously, really strong quarter-to-date. It seems like running, say, low double-digit
kind of trend, clear acceleration. You talked about some early buying of seasonal and holiday. If you're
running low double digit and sort of implying like a flattish comp trend, I guess, and decelerating the
CAGR relative to 3Q, I mean, is this sort of like a prudent estimate? Are you able to look at some of the
seasonal sell-through here in November and then project forward? Like how much of a maybe divot that
would -- could create in the December time frame? So just trying to understand really how you're thinking
quantitatively about pull-forward risk and sort of the embedded deceleration.

David M. Denton
Executive VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Chris, it's Dave. We feel very strongly that we're off to a really great start. A few of our bigger weeks are
ahead of us, coming forward here from a holiday perspective. But let's not get totally overindexed and
focused on Q4. We set a realistic and achievable forecast for the quarter. I think the merchant and store
ops team are really well positioned to flex as we sell through holiday product to be able to flex into other
categories to maintain momentum as we move throughout the quarter and set us up for a really strong
2022.

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

So Chris, this is Marvin. And look, you can appreciate how difficult it is to provide a precise forecast in
this environment. And I'll just repeat what I've said. We have certain retailers that hadn't provided any
outlooks. So we don't want to be punished for trying to provide a level of transparency around where we
think the business is headed.

I do want Bill Boltz to talk a little bit about the plans to flex that seasonal area because we're seeing
robust sell-through, which we're excited about. But we're prepared for that, and we're prepared to
transition to other areas. I'm going let Bill talk about some of those plans.

William P. Boltz
Executive Vice President of Merchandising

Thanks, Marvin. And just -- I think it's also important to understand that whenever you can sell through
the holiday program early, that's a benefit for everybody. And so obviously excited about the early sell-
through of holiday.

But we do have really robust plans to transition that space. We certainly shifted into a gifting time frame
with our tools business. We moved quickly into winter storage. [indiscernible] look to pack stuff up and put
things away, and that's become a big event for us. And then we've also built this winter bath and flooring
event that is very, very successful, especially in our [ north ] [indiscernible] where spring comes a little
later. And then in our deep south markets, we'll transition to spring. And so we've got really good plans on
how to rotate the floor and make it seasonally relevant across the country.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That makes sense. And just -- can you talk a little bit about in terms of the average ticket? Maybe
disaggregate that into sort of AUR, UPT mix and so forth. And is there any area in your assortment that
you're seeing price -- negative price elasticity as you've passed through price increases?

David M. Denton
Executive VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

This is Dave. Probably that's a level of detail we won't go into specifically. But I would just say one area
that we continue to see really solid performance is in our appliance business. That's the business that, as
you know, historically, has been a very high-load business. We've been moving to more of an everyday
competitive price profile in that category, and it continues to perform quite well for us, both top line and
bottom line.

Operator

Our next question is from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett.

Charles P. Grom
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Great quarter. The one metric that stood out to us as being a little bit light was just inventory, which is
counterintuitive. You usually want to be light, but right now, you want to be heavy. So just wondering
about how you're thinking about your inventory balance throughout the quarter and your ability to chase
sales here in 4Q.

David M. Denton
Executive VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

This is Dave. We feel that we're -- we feel very good about our position from an inventory perspective.
Obviously, there are areas that we would love to be a little bit deeper in that global supply chain has some
constraints around. But relatively speaking, if you look at where we stand from an in-stock perspective
and our depth of inventory relative to others in the marketplace, we feel like we're very nicely positioned.
I feel like we'll have a really strong Q4, nicely positioned from a spring perspective as we cycle into '22.

Charles P. Grom
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Okay. That's great. And then, Marvin, I was wondering if you could share some color on the Pro Pulse
Survey that you guys conducted in the third quarter. In particular, just wondering what you're hearing
from Pros on the backlog. And then bigger picture, penetration is much lower than Depot. Do you think
over time you can grow it? And do you want to grow it? Just some thoughts on that front.

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

No. Thanks for the question. So I'll take the penetration question, and I'm going to let Joe just provide a
little bit of detail on what we learned from the Pulse survey.

The thing that we talk a lot about here is the importance of being customer-centric. What I learned from
past mistakes is when you set penetration targets for customer segments, you tend to make decisions to
support the target versus decisions to support the needs of the customer. So we have every expectation
that, that penetration number is going to grow. Any time you deliver a 16% comp number, which equates
to a 43% growth on a 2-year basis, it gives you at least confidence that the business is headed in the right
direction.

So at a high level, we expect the penetration to grow. We know when it grows, it provides great operating
leverage throughout the whole store and space productivity, but we are not setting targets that we're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

trying to chase. So let me let Joe give just a little bit of detail on some of the key learnings from the Pulse
survey.

Joseph Michael McFarland
Executive Vice President of Stores

Chuck, thanks for the question. Listen, we put this Pro Pulse Survey out and really got some great
responses and insights for 2022. And so things like 80% of Pros expect the increased home improvement
demand seen in the pandemic is going to greatly improve and continue into 2022.

They're more reliant on their teams than ever. We've got insight into the top 5 projects in 2022 that the
Pros will be focused on. And a lot of our Pros are saying this is the time of year to take advantage of all
the holiday deals. They're planning on a lot of tool purchase, supply purchases. So we feel really good
about the capabilities we have increased in the Pro and what the Pros are telling us.

Operator

Our next question is from Steven Forbes with Guggenheim.

Steven Paul Forbes
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to focus on OpEx productivity. So Dave, I think you mentioned 50 basis points of leverage
during the quarter from your PPI initiatives. I'm curious if you can expand on how the initiatives are
progressing relative to the original time frame provided last year. And the idea, right, is just trying to get
an understanding of how much opportunity is still ahead of us?

David M. Denton
Executive VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Steven, in general, the PPI efforts are tracking along fairly consistent with our plan for 2021. I would say
the one area that you think really over the next 18 months that we have opportunities to continue to
improve from an OpEx perspective is really around our market delivery rollout. Keep in mind, we have
that now, as Marvin indicated in his remarks, in 2 markets today. We're working to roll that out over the
remainder of our markets over the next 18 to 24 months.

When that is fully operational, that will put -- that will dampen a bit on gross margin but really relieves the
store with a lot -- from a lot of labor and SG&A, ultimately enhancing our flow-through. That's probably
the biggest area over the next couple of years where we're leaning in to really drive operating profit
improvement. And we feel really bullish about where we stand today and optimistic about the outlook of
that program.

Steven Paul Forbes
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

And then just a quick follow-up. Because if I remember correctly, another large opportunity was store
inventory management systems. So maybe just provide an update on where the business is in sort of
rolling out and optimizing the line of sight into inventory location at the store level.

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Steve, we're excited. Joe and his team have done great work with our IT team to just give our
associates and our customers better visibility to inventory.

I'm going to let Joe just give you a couple -- 2 or 3 of the key points to this new inventory management
system and why we're so excited about the productivity that we're going to gain from it.

Joseph Michael McFarland
Executive Vice President of Stores

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Thanks, Marvin. Listen, we've been laser-focused on trying to improve the accuracy of our on-hands in the
store. It helps greatly when customers are searching online from different products they want to pick up
in the store. And a big challenge for the last 30 years, I can remember, in home improvement is where the
overstocked product is, where the product is in multiple locations in the store.

And we're very, very pleased, number one, with the ease of use for our associates, the adoption of the
tools that we're giving them. And it's just great partnership through the store operations team as well as
the IT team. And we feel really good about the productivity enhancement that's going to continue to drive.

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

And Steve, when Joe and team surveyed our associates' activity during the day, we found out that one of
the most nonproductive activities in advance that happens on a daily basis is looking for product. Because,
as Joe said, it is very difficult historically to put a location system in the overhead, and home improvement
has a lot what we call off-shelf locations for attachments. Now we have the ability to do that, and we
think it's going to unlock incredible customer service benefits and also productivity for our sales -- for
associates.

Operator

Our next question is from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Great quarter. Congratulations. So first question I have, just with regard to the Pro and the efforts.
Clearly, a lot of emphasis from the management team over the past several quarters to really improve the
Pro offering. And you've talked about it in prepared comments, but the question I have is as you look at
it now, is the infrastructure basically built? Or are there still tweaks you have to make in order to sort of,
say, make your offering even more compelling to the professional customers?

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

It's a really good question, Brian. I would say the short answer is that the foundation of the infrastructure
is built. If you think about it, we started with what we call retail fundamentals in Pro. And Joe and his
team started with basic things like staffing at the desk, loading assistance, something as simple as having
the ability for the Pro to actually check out at the Pro desk. We had no point-of-sale terminals at the Pro
desk where Pro even check out. And so those things were just problematic.

Then Bill, and in partnership with supply chain -- and Joe has tried to work on things like job lot
quantities. And then Bill and his team have been working tirelessly on improving the number of national
brands. Over the past 10 years prior to coming here, Lowe's had diluted most of their national brands
out of the assortment, supplementing them with proprietary brands. And we know that Pros are more
attracted to national brands. And so Bill and his team -- Bill gave the list that we're adding, and we're
continuing to build on that.

Now we're building our loyalty platform. And now we're building our CRM platform. And now we're going
to be building fulfillment platform. So the foundation is in place. We just have to earn the Pros' trust and
respect. Because for so many years, they would show up, service was terrible, were out of stock. And we
couldn't allow them to get in and out quickly or to grow their business. Now that we have the foundational
elements in place, it's all about consistent execution and reaching out and engaging the customers.

And I give Joe, Bill and our Pro teams a lot of credit for getting us where we are thus far.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Marvin, that's very helpful. I appreciate it. And then the second follow-up question I have, just with regard
to supply chain. So Lowe's has been managing the headwinds extraordinarily well as evidenced by the
sales or gross margins. The question I have is as you look out in all the different moving pieces of the
ongoing supply chain crisis around the world, are there potentially incremental risks that you see as you
move into '22?

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, the short answer is yes, but I don't know that the risks are more pronounced than anything that
you've heard about or that's been discussed in the marketplace. You said another way, when Bill and I talk
about spring, the risk that he's looking at is no different than the broader risk of any merchant looking at
it from a supply-demand standpoint.

When I talk to Don, who's our supply chain leader, I mean, we have similar risk. The good news is, as
Bill mentioned in his prepared comments, we have scale because of size. And because of that, we've
been able to leverage our carrier relationships and also just strategic initiatives like these coastal holding
facilities that Bill talked about to land product early, get it in country and then distribute it where needed.
So we're going to continue to do that. But it gives us the ability to buy early, land it early so that we can
have possession of it. And that has worked for us. But again, we're not immune.

I couldn't be more proud of the team's efforts, to your point, to increase gross margin, increase operating
income and also sustain competitive in-stocks in the midst of the most complex global supply chain
environment that any of us have operated in.

Joseph Michael McFarland
Executive Vice President of Stores

Yes. And Brian, just to add one thing. We mentioned the Pro Pulse Survey. And over 80% of our Pro
customers are citing pervasive supply chain issues is a challenge, but they're also very, very optimistic
about all their 2022 projects.

Operator

Our next question is from Liz Suzuki with Bank of America.

Elizabeth Lane Suzuki
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just on the subject of product innovation, I mean, what are the most exciting or highest-growth product
categories that you think could be game changers for the next years, like LED lighting was several years
ago or LVT in the flooring category? And what's the next innovative product that's going to take over its
category?

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

So I'll give it to Bill. What I'll tell you is we're really excited about a lot of innovation in outdoor power
equipment, in flooring, power tools.

I'll let Bill just highlight

[Audio Gap]

excited about that's coming our way.

William P. Boltz
Executive Vice President of Merchandising

Yes. So thanks, Marvin. I think there's -- across the store, there's innovation all across the store. You think
about smart product, whether that's in lighting, whether that's in lightbulbs, whether that's in appliances

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

or even just smart home products in general; when you think about the new launch of our FLEX brand in
power tools, new lithium battery technology, innovation in flooring with WetProtect from Pergo; you think
about the battery technology in outdoor power, and that continues to expand; and what Eagle has done
in their categories with zero-turn riding mowers that operate off of a battery; then you go into categories
that you may not think there's innovation in, but you get into building materials and building products.

There's innovation in -- that's coming in ZipWall, there's innovation in drywall, there's innovation all across
the store. So we're very excited and very pleased with what the merchants have done to continue to probe
for new. We found innovation in our private brands, as I was able to mention, on allen + roth with the
Lifestyle Performance rugs. Literally, you can take a garden hose and hose these rugs down. And you
think about pet spills, you think about kids, you think about crayons and you can just hose it off with your
garden hose, pretty cool stuff. So a lot of stuff going on.

Marvin R. Ellison
President, CEO & Chairman

And Liz, We'll be talking more...

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you
for your participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 17, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

