Marathon Petroleum Corporation 

NYSE:MPC
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, August 03, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(1.76)

(1.33)

NM

(0.42)

(2.78)

1.89

Revenue  (mm)

17492.93

15198.00

(13.12 %)

20490.37

78789.30

102900.14

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2020 1:19 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

1.33

0.85

(0.27)

(1.76)

1.63

1.56

(0.16)

(1.33)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22.56 %

83.53 %

NM

NM

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Donald C. Templin
Executive VP & CFO

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of
Refining

Timothy T. Griffith
President of Speedway LLC

ANALYSTS

Benny Wong
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Manav Gupta
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the MPC Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Sheila, and I will be your operator
for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the
call over to Kristina Kazarian. Kristina, you may begin.

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor Relations

Welcome to Marathon Petroleum Corporation's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. The slides
that accompanies this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investors
tab. Joining me on the call today are Mike Hennigan, CEO; Don Templin, CFO; and other members of the
executive team.

We invite you to read the safe harbor statements on Slide 2. We will be making forward-looking
statements today. Actual results may differ. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included
there as well as in our SEC filings.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kristina. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call today. Yesterday, we announced
an agreement to sell Speedway to 7-Eleven for $21 billion in cash, demonstrating our commitment to
execute on the strategic priorities we outlined earlier this year. The sale of this business provides certainty
around value realization for MPC shareholders.

As I've stated before, I believe this is a return of capital business. And the substantial estimated after-
tax proceeds of approximately $16.5 billion enables us to both strengthen our balance sheet and return of
capital to our shareholders.

At the same time, the sale also creates a long-term relationship with 7-Eleven that enhances commercial
performance potential through attractive fuel supply agreements and future growth opportunities. The
transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, including HSR clearance, is anticipated to
close in the first quarter of 2021.

If you move on to Slide 4, as a follow-up to our first quarter earnings call, we are making very difficult
decisions to increase profitability, create stronger through-cycle earnings and drive long-term value
creation. Despite the very challenging conditions in today's market, we remain committed to those goals,
and we'll continue each quarter to update the market as we progress. We outlined 3 areas that will be
priorities towards achieving our objectives.

First, strengthening the competitive position of our portfolio. We need to be a leader in cost, operating
and financial performance metrics and need to make necessary changes to the portfolio to achieve these
objectives. One of our key philosophies is that each asset needs to generate cash back to business.

We announced the decision to indefinitely idle our Gallup and Martinez refineries. Closures as a result of
the tough refining business climate ahead of us have been amplified by the impact of the pandemic. At
Martinez, we are evaluating repurposing the refinery towards the production of renewable diesel. The
facility has the ability to provide up to 48,000 barrels per day of renewable diesel.

We have the unique opportunity to take advantage of the strong set of logistics assets for the area and
also have 3 significant processing units that are an ideal fit for making renewable diesel. These advantages
should drive significantly lower capital requirements compared to greenfield investments, and if pursued,
enable initial production as early as 2022 with the option to ramp up from there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Second, improve our commercial performance. That entails leveraging our extensive integrated footprint
to make improvements in how we select and source raw materials and how we place our products into the
various sales channels and geographic markets. Our intent is to keep an eye on what we don't control in
terms of the market but really focus on what we can control against any macro environment. This quarter,
I've been encouraged by the team's quick progress shifting our mindset and actions.

And third, focus on lowering costs in all access -- aspects of our business and to be disciplined in every
dollar spent, addressing risk and return of the business without losing focus on safety and reliability. We're
confident we will meet the $950 million expense reduction target for 2020. And in addition, we're on track
to lower capital spending by $1.4 billion in 2020 as we previously announced. We are also implementing
plans to structurally lower costs as we look out to 2021 and beyond.

Overall as I stated previously, we recognize that we're in a return of capital business, and we need to have
an asset base and cost structure that works across all cycles. We're focused on becoming a lower-cost,
disciplined company that can endure the volatility inherent in this sector, creating value for shareholders
that is structural and long term in nature.

On Slide 5, I would like to share some of the progress on the tactical initiatives we outlined last quarter,
focusing on improvements through our liquidity and actions we have taken to carry our company through
the current down cycle. In late April, we issued $2.5 billion of senior notes and used the proceeds to pay
off a portion of the borrowings that were made on our revolver in March and early April. Also, in late April,
we enhanced our liquidity position with the addition of a $1 billion 364-day revolver. We have even more
borrowing capacity available to us now than we did at the start of the COVID-19 pandemic with over $7.5
billion of financial flexibility available for MPC.

At this point, I'd like to turn it over to Don to review the second quarter results in more detail.

Donald C. Templin
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Mike. Slide 6 provides a summary of our second quarter financial results. This morning, we
reported an adjusted loss per share of $1.33. This adjustment reflects a $1.5 billion pretax lower of cost or
market inventory benefit. Adjusted EBITDA was $653 million for the quarter. Cash from operations before
working capital changes was a cash source of $172 million. Our dividend payments for the quarter were
$378 million.

Slide 7 shows the sequential change in adjusted EBITDA from first quarter 2020 to second quarter 2020.
Adjusted EBITDA was down approximately $1.2 billion quarter-over-quarter driven primarily by lower
earnings in refining and marketing. Lower throughputs and crack spreads in the second quarter due to
the substantial demand destruction from the COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted R&M earnings.
Second quarter results also included net adjustments of approximately $1.4 billion primarily related to a
lower of cost or market inventory benefit, bringing net income for the quarter to $9 million.

Moving to our segment results. Slide 8 shows the change in our Midstream EBITDA versus the first quarter
of 2020. Midstream EBITDA remained relatively stable quarter-over-quarter despite challenging market
conditions. EBITDA decreased $51 million versus the first quarter primarily driven by impacts from the
COVID pandemic. These results highlight the ability of the Midstream segment's fee-based earnings and
our recently implemented cost control measures.

Slide 9 provides an overview of our Retail segment. Second quarter EBITDA was $626 million. Due to
demand destruction associated with COVID-19, fuel volumes were down approximately 25% from first
quarter and approximately 37% year-over-year. Retail margins of nearly $0.40 per gallon helped support
relatively stable quarter-over-quarter segment earnings despite the decline in fuel volumes.

We saw merchandise sales improve from first quarter supported by seasonality. Same-store merchandise
sales only decreased 4% year-over-year despite stay-at-home mandates and the significant fuel demand
pressures of the quarter. Within merchandise, declines we experienced across food and soft drinks in the
quarter due to lower in-store traffic were largely offset by increased demand for alcohol and cigarettes.
Same-store sales, including cigarettes, were essentially flat to last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Slide 10 provides an overview of our Refining & Marketing segment. Performance in this segment reflected
3 full months of demand destruction associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Second quarter adjusted
EBITDA was negative $1 billion, a decrease of approximately $1.2 billion versus the first quarter.

Margins in all regions were under considerable pressure compared to first quarter 2020. Refining &
Marketing margin was down over $4 per barrel in first quarter and utilization was down 20%. Despite
these challenging conditions, the team did an excellent job managing costs through the quarter.

Slide 11 presents the elements of change in our consolidated cash position for the second quarter. Cash
at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.1 billion. Operating cash flow before changes in working
capital was $172 million in the quarter. Changes in working capital was a $366 million source of cash
in the quarter. We saw crude prices increase in May and June, partially reversing some of the previous
working capital cash use impacts.

Slide 12 highlights the progress we are making to lower our cost structure. We provided guidance for
refining operating costs in May for the second quarter, which included assumptions around targeted cost
reductions and throughput of about 2.1 million barrels per day. The guidance of $6.90 per barrel was
based on forecast operating expenses of about $1.3 billion, approximately $300 million lower than the first
quarter results. Second quarter results show that operating expenses came in $64 million better than the
already lowered guidance, demonstrating the disciplined approach we are taking with every dollar spent.

On Slide 13, we highlight our liquidity position at the end of the second quarter. Our credit facility
availability increased to approximately $7.7 billion at the end of the quarter. As a reminder, in late April we
issued $2.5 billion of senior notes. Net proceeds were used to repay a portion of the amounts outstanding
on the 5-year revolving credit facility. In June, we fully repaid that credit facility. We believe we've
positioned the company with ample liquidity to successfully operate in the current business environment.

On Slide 14, we provide our third quarter outlook, which includes estimated throughput at our facilities
based on projected regional demand. We expect total throughput volumes of just over 2.3 million barrels
per day, a slight increase from total second quarter throughput.

Planned turnaround costs are projected to be $270 million in the third quarter, which includes
hydrocracker turnarounds at our Los Angeles facility, a full plant turnaround in Kenai and catalyst changes
at Galveston Bay and Garyville. Total operating costs, including major maintenance, are projected to be
$6.50 per barrel for the quarter. And distribution costs are projected to be under $1.3 billion.

For the Retail segment, we expect fuel volumes of approximately 2 billion to 2.2 billion gallons and
merchandise sales in the range of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. Fuel volumes have begun to recover from
second quarter lows. However, there is some demand uncertainty from actions currently being taken to
address resurging COVID-19 case rates. Consistent with the prior quarter, we expect merchandise sales to
remain relatively resilient.

With that, let me turn the call back over to Mike for some closing remarks.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Don. I'd like to take a moment to provide some comments on our responsibilities around
corporate leadership. We recently published our 2019 Sustainability Report, highlights of which can be
found on Slide 18 in the appendix. The report is greatly expanded this year in terms of content and
disclosure and outlines our commitment to provide information consistent with the many reporting
frameworks that are influential in the investment community. As such, the report summarizes our
comprehensive efforts related to the environmental, social and governance aspects of our business.

On that note, I wanted to touch on recent events that have impacted many of the places where we live
and work. At Marathon, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace and to partnering
with organizations in the communities where we operate to encourage acceptance, tolerance and unity.
Like many companies, we are charting a path towards greater understanding, listening and open dialogue.
And we are firmly committed to continuing to make progress in this very important area.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

With that, let me turn the call back over to Kristina.

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Mike. [Operator Instructions] We will now open the line to questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congratulations, Mike, Don, Kristina, team, on the transaction. The first topic is around cash flow. Can you
talk about the pieces that go into the tax number that bridge between $21 billion and $16.5 billion? And
with the cash, what's the framework around allocating cash, recognizing we'll get more color around this
later? And thoughts on debt reduction versus buybacks versus special dividends. And then I do have a
follow-up.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Neil, thanks for the comment. First of all, before answering the question on use of proceeds, let me just
make a couple of comments on the deal itself. First of all, we looked at a lot of different structures and
a lot of different options and came to the conclusion that this deal creates the most value and the most
certainty for our shareholders.

And I just want people to recognize, Speedway is a leader in the company-owned, company-operated
business. And 7-Eleven, which currently has a larger franchisee model and a smaller company-owned
footprint, will now be able to look to the Speedway employees and benefit from Speedway's expertise in
the company-owned model. And the combined entity will be that much stronger going forward, so I think
that's important to recognize as part of this deal.

Okay, on use of proceeds and capital, I'll make a few comments, and then I'll let Don also touch on the
topic. First of all, I've stated previously many times and in prepared remarks that I believe this is a return
of capital business. And I've made a statement that we have 3 key initiatives going on: optimizing the
portfolio and evaluating assets for free cash flow generation, improving our commercial performance
and reducing costs. And I think all of these are aimed at returning more capital to shareholders, and this
transaction is no different.

We expect 2 primary uses of proceeds. One is to defend our investment-grade profile, and Don is going to
talk about that a little more, and then returning capital to our shareholders. And with respect to return of
capital, we know this is an important component of the value realization and we are committed to it.

The issue we have right now though, if there wasn't a global pandemic and a global recession in progress,
and we had a much clearer picture of refining supply and demand going forward, it'd be much easier to
give a little bit more detail. But between now and the closing date, we're going to continue to evaluate
the most efficient and effective means to accomplish it. And we'll provide more specifics at the time of the
transaction closing. But let me let Don give a little bit more comments related to this positioning.

Donald C. Templin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Neil, I guess you asked a couple of questions. Maybe let me first talk a little bit about -- because I
think it's important, around our consideration of use of proceeds. Let me talk a little bit about how we
think about defending our investment-grade credit profile.

So maybe backtrack just a month or 2 when we had our first quarter earnings call, liquidity was probably
top of mind, and I think we took some very proactive actions to make sure that we had addressed that
issue. And as I mentioned on our comments, now we have $7.7 billion or so of available liquidity. So we
feel like we're well positioned, well situated going forward.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

As we think about -- as we look ahead, I guess that we believe that an important part of our capital
structure is an appropriate level of debt. We don't think it's efficient in this environment to be
underlevered, and we -- but we also want to make sure that we're defending our investment-grade credit
profile.

And as I think about defending our investment-grade credit profile, no one metric or factor drives that
consideration. We'll look to a number of inputs that include obviously the lost EBITDA from the Speedway
sale, but we'll also consider the steady cash flows we have from our ownership interest in MPLX; our views
around mid-cycle and through-cycle EBITDA; the size of our committed credit facilities, which are very
significant, and the cash we currently have on our balance sheet, which is $1 billion; our dividend policy
going forward; and various metrics such as debt to EBITDA and debt to capital. But I think that all of those
things will be a part of the consideration. And as Mike mentioned, the unprecedented macro environment
makes it difficult right now to be more specific.

You did ask a question about tax. And so on that particular topic, our tax basis and the assets that we're
selling was just under $4 billion. And so the after-tax proceeds that we're showing in the release, the
$16.5 billion, is really predicated on that tax basis.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

That's very clear. The follow-up is a bigger picture question, which is, in many ways, you are losing your
most valuable business and you're monetizing it at a great multiple. But can you talk, Mike, about how
you think about value creation for here? And what you're left with is MPLX and a refining business. How do
you drive value out of those 2 business segments and set up the company over the long term without the
stable, ratable cash flow of Speedway?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Neil. It's a good question. Let me make one comment on the Speedway deal relative to that, is we
still believe we're going to get the benefit of integration. That's not lost because of the supply agreement
that we have and the fact that we'll continue to be using our logistics assets.

But to your broader question, we still have a lot of work to do in the 3 areas that I keep mentioning. So
strengthening the portfolio is going to continue to be a theme that you'll hear from us over time as we
continue to look at our assets. We're just getting into the midst of improving our commercial performance.
So you'll hear more about that over time as well, as well as the cost structure. We've given some early
indications for 2020 to lower our cost structure by about $950 million, but we have more work to do in
that area.

So you have a real good question. Where do we go from here? And I just ask you to keep thinking
about those 3 priorities. We're going to continue to report on those. We're certainly not done from this
standpoint. We've looked at obviously a couple of assets in that regard. And obviously, getting the
Speedway deal done was a high priority for us. And I think it does put us in a unique position to return
capital to shareholders, as Don mentioned, to get the balance sheet in the right order.

So I think we're in a good position relative to the environment that we're in. And we expect that to stay
challenged for some time, although we're optimistic that just like all these cycles, we'll get out of it at
some point. And we're seeing a slow recovery, which is headed in the right direction, but we're just
anticipating that it could take a while to get back to normal.

Operator

Next, we will hear from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Let me add my congrats to that great multiple on Speedway. So I have 2 questions, if I may. The first one
is actually about Martinez and Gallup. I wonder if you could just walk us through the process that got you
to the conclusion that you came to. Was there an option, for example, for a sale? Is there an inventory
liquidation event that comes out of this? And maybe if you could frame for us what other assets in the
portfolio today don't meet that criteria of generating positive cash flow.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Doug, also a very good question. I'll start with Gallup. And like I said in my prepared remarks, these
are very difficult decisions for us to contemplate during some really tough times. I mean COVID has had
an impact on many people in many different ways, but it's obviously had a real strong impact on our
business and the business and climate that we're seeing going forward, especially with refining supply and
demand. And obviously, that's more weighted towards the demand side.

But anyway, to answer the question, we had a unique niche in the marketplace there that's essentially
been competed away over time. So it's much more difficult for a small refinery to be successful. But to
answer your direct question, we did look to sell the asset. We ran a process, but unfortunately, we did not
get something that we could execute on. So absent the process being successful, we thought the next step
was to put it in an indefinite idling position but still keep the logistics assets active so that we have some
other opportunities from that standpoint and then we'll see how things play itself out.

On Martinez, we did not look at a sale, to your question there. We're pretty excited about the opportunity
of reconfiguring the asset into renewable diesel. We've got some more work to do there. And I know we
have a lot more detail, but I do want to give you at least the direct answer to your question as to whether
we looked at sales. We did at Gallup. We ran a process, that wasn't successful. We did not at Martinez. So
hopefully, that answers that question.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

It does, and I appreciate the candor. Maybe -- I don't know if you want to take the next one, my follow-up
as well, Mike, or if you want to throw it to Don. But I'd like to preface the question, but I'm just taking a
look at MPLX' stock price or unit price since you did the IPO, I guess, about 7 or 8 years ago, and it's still
trading below that level.

I realize the MPLX process is done and dusted, so to speak. But when you look at the outstanding equity,
the amount of cash you just brought in, why would it not make sense to buy in the balance of MPLX given
that the incremental cost base still seems to weight on your refining valuation? And I'll leave it there.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Doug, it's another good question. And as you referred to our Midstream study, whether it's bringing
it all in or actually looking at the RLFD, Refining Logistics and Fuels Distribution, we went through a pretty
exhaustive study, as you're aware and you referenced. And the bottom line is we came to the conclusion
that we didn't want to buy in a cash stream that we were already getting with respect to the RLFD.

Marathon has a unique position where we're receiving about $1.8 billion in distributions from MPLX and
RLFD is about $1.4 billion of EBITDA. So again, I'm saying we came to that conclusion of why would we
buy in that cash stream when we're getting it essentially via distribution and instead use that capital,
which would be north of $10 billion in return to MPC shareholders. So that's where we came out on the
subset of it.

As far as all in, at the end of the day, there is some amount of cash flow that goes to partners on the one
side of the fence. On the other side of the fence, we'd be paying tax to a certain extent, depending on
where we think the tax rates will be going forward.

So at this point, we do recognize and we are frustrated at the level of equity value that MPLX has. At
the same time, we felt or -- and continue to feel that the amount of capital that would be needed to do
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

that at this time makes more sense to return to shareholders as opposed to not. And obviously, we've
concentrated a lot on the Speedway unlock of value, and that's kind of where our head is for right now.

And as I mentioned and Don commented as well is we're going to be doing a lot of analysis between now
and the close to look at what's the best use of proceeds, but the highlight priorities are the balance sheet
and returning capital to shareholders.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

All right. Again, I appreciate the answer, guys.

Operator

Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess maybe to follow up on kind of the whole restructuring in Slide 4 where you've got the 3 kind
of, I guess, guideposts, I'll call it. Where should we think about where you are in the overall sort of
evaluating the company, potentially restructuring the company? And this is going to get back to some of
the questions already been asked. Do you buy an MPLX? Do you want to buy in a bunch of shares, change
the dividend, et cetera?

But I'm just curious because you couldn't have known for certain about getting a sale of retail done
until obviously you signed the papers. Even the cash is still a few months away. But now that you have
certainty of that, how does that maybe affect the way and where are you maybe in terms of progress in
doing the evaluation throughout the company on both sort of a current COVID basis and then on a maybe,
call it more of a mid-cycle kind of '21, '22 outlook standpoint?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Roger. So like you said, on the 3 initiatives, we still have a lot of work to do on the portfolio. To your
point, we could not be assured that we would get this deal done. We were very optimistic because we
believe Speedway is a really attractive asset out there. We did get significant interest, and I think we
concluded the deal that's in the best interest of ourselves, Speedway and 7-Eleven.

As far as the portfolio, though, we still have a lot more work to do, both on the refining side and the
logistics side and the G&P side. I mean there's a lot of activity going on. And the best I can give you is
over time, we'll continue to disclose how we're feeling about certain things. We don't want to get ahead of
ourselves in the market, but we want to get to a portfolio. Our goal is to get to a portfolio that generates
significant free cash in any environment. And for me personally, I'm going to protect the downside. So
knowing that we're going to have the down cycles, we want to make sure the portfolio is very resilient
during those times.

As far as the other areas, like I said, we're just starting to make some moves in the commercial area. And
that's the one area that I'm probably going to be the least disclosing about just because of the competitive
nature.

And then the cost structure, I think just keep an eye up for each quarter as we continue to progress.
My personal style is not to put out a big number and then try and track against it. It's more of a try to
have continuous improvement and continuing to lower our costs in a lot of different ways and change our
philosophy on cost and change our philosophy on capital discipline.

So each of those, I think, Roger, each quarter, we'll be able to talk a little bit about how we've made
progress in each of those areas. And then hopefully, you'll get to see over time how we're looking to
maneuver the company. I hope that makes sense to you.

Roger David Read
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

It does. You're going to make us wait. That's always the hardest thing for us. As a follow-up and I know,
Don, you've already tried to address the tax issue, but we've been getting a lot of questions in on it. And I
was just curious, the other refiners for the most part have discontinued ETR guidance because the current
environment and the CARE Act (sic) [ CARES Act ] had some real impact.

So I was just curious, as we think about the $21 billion to $16.5 billion net, are there other things that
may flow through here in coming quarters, whether it's going back and capturing prior profit tax payments
or something else that might allow you to whittle down the tax impact on the sale?

Donald C. Templin
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Roger. In connection with sort of the effective tax rate, I mean 2020 was an unusual or is going to
be an unusual year because as you look at least our book income, we had significant charges related to
goodwill, and it has limited deductibility. So our first quarter and then year-to-date effective rate was in
the sort of middle teens as a percentage really driven by that.

What we spend all of our time doing is really looking hard at our cash tax position. And as we disclosed in
the first quarter and as we will disclose again in our second quarter 10-Q, we believe that as a result of
the CARES Act, we're anticipating that we will have net operating losses in 2020 given the environment
and also given the significant capital expenditures that we've made in the past, where we get to take the
depreciation deduction when assets are placed in service. So we expect that there will be a significant
NOL. And the CARES Act provides that you can carry that back up to 5 years, and we would expect to
carry back NOLs in the years that -- given that 5 years that have a 35% tax rate.

So we think that's a good thing for MPC. Our plan would be that we would work on getting our 2020 tax
return filed as quickly as we could in 2021 to be able to effect that NOL carryback and the refund that
would be associated with that.

With respect to the sale of Speedway, obviously, we will continue to evaluate that and we will look for
ways to best optimize the tax position. But we thought that it was appropriate for purposes of this
announcement to give you the sales price minus the basis times what we believe was a normal tax rate at
a relatively statutory rate.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Just one minor follow-up on that in terms of if -- when you file the 2020 return in '21, timing on a
refund? That's just my last data point.

Donald C. Templin
Executive VP & CFO

We believe that, that happens relatively quickly, but who knows what the world looks like in 2021, if
people are still working from home or still in their offices, Roger. But we believe that, that's a relatively
rapid transaction -- not -- a rapid result, if you will. So we're going to push really, really hard to get our
return filed as quickly as we can. And then we would expect that the refund would manifest itself relatively
quickly after that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

My 2 questions, if I could. I think earlier that you said that it doesn't make sense for you to buy in for the
remaining of MPLX. So if the company considered that with far more flexibility with the cash infusion, what

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

is that you may be open to? Do you want to spin off totally the MPLX, whether that is a consideration? Or
do you still conclude after the exhaustive evaluation that you're just going to keep the structure as it is?

The second question is related to the Golden Eagle weather, not shutting it. Can you still run the
renewable or that is one, the renewable, you need to shut here? And in terms of the renewable, how
big is a business that you want that in the long haul for your business? Taking into consideration on one
hand, current margin and return are very good. But on the other hand, the barrier of entry is low, and the
margin and the demand on [indiscernible] government mandate. So want to see -- how do you view that
business long haul?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Okay, Paul. So on the first one, we don't have any other comments other than as I mentioned. We're going
to do a lot of analysis. We have some time to look at what's the best thing to do with the proceeds. But I
do want to leave everybody with the priorities that we have are the balance sheet and returning capital.
So one of the obvious things that we stated from the beginning with Speedway was we did want to unlock
that value realization, and returning capital is a high priority. So I don't want to comment on anything
other than those at this point.

On your questions on Martinez and renewable, I'm going to turn to Ray in a second, but let me just give
a couple of opening comments. So first off, I think Martinez is in a unique set of circumstances relative
to the hardware that exists at the facility, and I'll let Ray talk about that. We are a believer that the
renewable positioning is going to be beneficial to us because it aligns with California's low carbon fuel
standards. We've also stated MPC has greenhouse gas reduction targets that we want to accomplish
throughout the decade. So strategically, this fits with where our thinking is.

And I would just give you a little bit of framework. As we think about capital investment there, and this
was the harder decision, the expected capital that we're going to put in for the first phase, assuming we
go with this, is about the same amount of capital that we would put into a planned turnaround for the
facility. So we really hit a decision point and decided to pivot and look at renewable diesel production as
opposed to refined product production.

So that's kind of the decision tree, if you want to call it that. There's a lot of details that go into the
analysis. So I'm going to let Ray give you a little bit more detail so you understand some of the specifics
around Martinez -- its own specifics about the facility.

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Thanks, Mike. Paul, just want to give you a framework a little bit that we've actually been looking at
Martinez for a long time, essentially ever since we merged with Endeavor. And early on, we evaluated
what you suggested, coprocessing for renewable diesel, but those economics weren't nearly as strong as
the conversion that we're looking at right now. The key item, and Mike just hit on this, is with the refinery
continuing in its current form, is that it has an extremely high cost structure, and then we have the near-
term headwinds with a heavy turnaround spend in the coming year.

So we believe that transitioning Martinez to a renewable diesel plant ultimately creates value for our
shareholders, and there are certain unique advantages for this site. Martinez renewable diesel facility can
provide up to 48,000 barrel per day of capacity. And we expect the initial production could be online in
2022 and ramping up from there. We are continuing to evaluate in more detail, but the initial analysis
looks extremely promising.

Martinez's current complexity presents a capital-efficient project for us given that there are 3 high-
pressure hydroprocessing units. Retrofitting these units will allow for renewable diesel production equal
to about 1/3 of the current refinery's nameplate crude capacity. There are also the existing hydrogen
plants, power generation and extensive inbound and outbound logistics that are all needed to produce
renewable diesel. So our intention is to pivot to the production of higher-value, low carbon intensity diesel
for California.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Martinez produces about 54,000 barrels per day of ULSD at full utilization, and the conversion would
produce up to 48,000 barrels per day of renewable diesel. I want to emphasize that this is not a
grassroots facility, so there is an element of speed of conversion. We believe that we have an early
mover advantage, and we believe that there are opportunities for meaningful partnerships with feedstock
suppliers.

Now we fully understand that the drivers for the economics of this project are not a typical refinery project
that there are regulatory drivers. But at the end of the day, with the unique advantages for Martinez that I
talked about earlier, we're just really excited to take this evaluation further.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Ray and Mike, can you give us some idea that for the company as a whole long term, how big is renewable
diesel business that you want to be over your RIN that -- to get your ceiling or do you think that, no,
there's no RIN and no ceiling, it depends on the opportunity set? And also, that -- after the Speedway
sale, who is going to keep RIN? That's it for me.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Paul, it's Mike. So I don't think we have a targeted number at this point, but I do want to say that
we're going to continue to look at the portfolio and make decisions as we go along. Martinez -- our
priority, as Ray said, is going to be evaluating the different phases here.

The other thing I would like to add, for those who have known me in the past, I believe joint venture
arrangements can be very successful as well when you get into these types of deals. So managing the
capital and achieving a better overall outcome for all parties is something else that we're looking at very
hard here. So we're evaluating that approach in general.

I think at the end of the day, we think there's some real uniqueness here that should be beneficial. Ray
gave a lot of the technical stuff. I'd say on the commercial side, we're going to talk a little bit about JV
opportunities in the future. Managing the capital is one of our main criteria as we want to have strict
discipline. So that's another important piece of this. So I just wanted to make that comment. But I'm also
going to let Brian make a comment as well.

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Yes. Paul, to your question, the last question that you snuck in there regarding the RIN as it relates to the
Speedway separation, just wanted to address that real quick. So I think the first thing to understand and
appreciate that we've always had a market-based philosophy and approach to pricing with Speedway. So
as a result of the separation, fortunately, due to that historical philosophy, there's really no step change or
movement in value shift. But fundamentally, MPC will be the blender of record in all transactions. So we
will possess the RIN and retain the RIN.

As it relates to the value of that RIN, that's always driven by market specifics, which is individual market
by market and the agreement fully contemplates that. When you talk about a long-term agreement like
this, we have to make sure that it's resilient over time, and the agreement fully contemplates this for RINs
or anything else frankly in the future. So I mean that's the way it's going to be handled, an agreement.
So I mean I just wanted to make the point and underline and underscore that there is no value shift
whatsoever as a result of the transaction on RINs.

Operator

Next, we will hear from Manav Gupta with Crédit Suisse.

Manav Gupta
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

My question is on the crude sourcing side. During 2Q, medium sours are very tight, but as we move into
3Q, we are seeing Russia and other OPEC countries raise both volumes. So do you expect more discounts
from medium sour crudes going in 3Q, which could help your Gulf Coast results in 3Q?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Manav, it's Mike. So Rick's not here today, so I'll take a shot at that. He's out of the office today.

I mean in general, we think directionally, the crude market is going to hopefully move towards us with
increased production. As you stated, we're going to have a little bit of recovery in the production side of it,
which hopefully will put some pressure on differentials.

Right at the moment, as you're very aware, refining crack spreads are still very weak, and it's not been
a good environment for refiners. But as I mentioned earlier, we're optimistic but cautious. As recovery
continues to progress, hopefully, we'll get to see recovery in refining margins, which we haven't seen yet.
And as crude production continues to progress, to your point, then hopefully, we'll get to see a little bit
more opening on those spreads.

I would -- Manav, this might be a good opportunity. Let me let Tim and Brian make a comment on where
we think we are in demand recovery. So I'd give you a little bit of flavor of how we're seeing the demand
side. So Tim, why don't you start with gasoline, and then Brian can finish up with the portfolio?

Timothy T. Griffith
President of Speedway LLC

Yes, you bet, Mike. As Don referenced, we've seen a really continuing amount of recovery in gasoline
demand since the early April lows in really all regions of the country as many of the states have reopened
with probably the greatest strength in the Midwest really through the second quarter. Recovery trends
nationwide have slowed more recently with system-wide weighted same-store sales volumes currently
down sort of 10% to 15% compared to last year with the East Coast about 5% behind the Midwest and
the West Coast another 5% behind that.

So we're -- as referenced earlier, we're watching carefully the latest COVID case escalation in multiple
regions and the potential for states or counties to back up on the reopening plans. Schools going back to
in-person is a significant wild card on the demand side as students at home will have some consequence
for the ability of parents to return to their workplaces and getting people back in the road.

For what it's worth, we also think the increase in requirements for masks nationwide is a positive for
demand as it facilitates increased mobility with more things able to be open, which potentially gets people
back on the road to a meaningful extent. We'd much rather see people out on the roads with masks than
at home without them.

With that, I'll turn it over to Brian for diesel and jet.

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Yes. Thanks, Tim. So to continue on demand, Manav, I can kind of talk about our entire book. So to Tim's
point, we see the exit rate for July is down about 10% to 15% overall, so I can echo what Tim's seeing.

Just a couple of regional notes. The one, I guess, downside note on the regionality is in Southwest. So
with the resurgence in cases of COVID in the Southwest, we have seen a weakening here over the last
several weeks in that particular region. On the bright side, the Midwest and Atlantic Coast both recovered.
And they're down roughly 7% year-on-year across in total book, which is a really good sign for the Atlantic
Coast as everybody knows that we're pretty hard hit up in the New York, New Jersey marketplace.

On the diesel side, we hit our low point, just as a reminder, in the early to mid-April. We were off about
22% year-on-year. We exited July off about 10%. And to Tim's point on demand profile, we have seen

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

since the 4th of July kind of a sideways motion as it relates to demand. But it's been pretty stable over
that period of time, but somewhat in a plateaued manner.

The downside regionally, the Great Plains is off 15% to 20%. A lot of that attests -- to do with the heavy
demands up in the Bakken area that have curtailed as a result of drilling activity up in that market. And
then the upside regionally, Midwest is about 5% off, and we're actually up in the Southeast year-on-year
on the distillate side.

Closing out on jet fuel, the second quarter, we are off roughly 34% year-on-year, a pretty big
outperformance relative to the market. A lot of that has to do with our sales mix. We're heavily levered to
cargo sales, which saw really strong resurgence really since the COVID outbreak and even before that with
online retailing really driving a lot of the demand in the Midwest and also up in the Alaska market.

July, we're actually down year-on-year in the low teens, so really strong performance by our aviation
team. That's really starting to see the fruits of the combination commercially with the Andeavour portfolio
and MPC coast to coast. A lot of the jet buyers, they're levered across not only the U.S. but just globally,
so really been able to create richer relationships there to drive incremental capture of market share
overall.

Really, the outlook on August is pretty flat to July. We expect to be some downside of that based on the
resurgence in both cases, stay-at-home orders as well as quarantine. And really, the thing we're watching
right now as we look at into September is what is demand going to look like in September given that a
lot of schools are not returning to normal, people are working from home. So there is definitely a pent-up
demand of folks wanting to move around. So it's a bit of a wild card of what demand is going to look like
in September. You can make as good of an upside case as a downside case, so we're watching it closely.

And then I'll just -- to circle back to crude, I know you asked about the Gulf Coast. But hopefully,
Canadian differentials will start to widen a little bit as more production comes online into that market. And
then on the West Coast, we're starting to see some foreign economic alternatives like Russian grades,
Brazilian grades, et cetera, et cetera. So it's been pretty tough letting for refiners, and I'm hoping we get a
little bit of margin improvement with some of the adjustments of crude production coming on.

Manav Gupta
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

This is very helpful, sir. I had a very quick follow-up on DAPL. I think you're moving about 50,000 on DAPL
to your Midwest and Mid-Con refineries. But I think there are 3 offsets in Anacortes, St. Paul Park and
Mandan. Can you split up your Bakken usage between DAPL and non-DAPL? I'm just trying to understand,
in case DAPL does go down, are there enough offsets to that 50,000 barrels, so you actually may not see
an earnings headwind on the refining side?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Manav, that's accurate. So we have a bunch of other alternatives other than DAPL as far as supply. So
if DAPL were to not run, we think we have enough alternatives on the supply side, so I think you're right
on with your statement.

One comment I would say though on the logistics side with respect to DAPL as well as another pipeline
up in that area, the High Plains Pipeline, I mean MPLX is a 9% owner in DAPL. And then the High Plains
Pipeline, if that were to shut down as well as a result of the recent discussions about the BIA looking to
have it shut down, I'll give you a couple of comments that I think would be helpful to clear in the market.

Number one is we believe on the BIA that -- an appeal has been filed at this point, which triggers an
automatic stay of the shutdown. So we don't think there's anything in the short term because there is
an automatic stay. And then we'll continue to try and advance that discussion to a good conclusion for all
parties.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

On DAPL, obviously, Energy Transfer has taken the lead in that discussion from the legal standpoint,
et cetera. But both of those together, if they were both to shut down on the logistics side, we think the
impact to us would be less than $100 million if both entities were to be down. We don't think that's a
likelihood case, but I just wanted to give you a little bit of the logistics side of it.

And then to your point on the MPC supply, we think we have enough alternatives that Mandan would be
supplied adequately as well as our pad 2 refineries.

Operator

Our next question comes from Benny Wong with Morgan Stanley.

Benny Wong
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

My first one was I was wondering if you can provide some color or details around the 15-year supply
agreement with 7-Eleven. Wondering if there's a value you would assign to it. And maybe give us a sense
of the opportunities of growth in terms of areas and size there.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

So I'll give some comments and then I'll let Brian add, Benny. I mentioned earlier, one of the big benefits
that we see in the agreement is we maintain a lot of the integration benefit that we see as part of our
portfolio. So I mentioned earlier, it's approximately 8 billion gallons for 15 years, so it's a long-term
relationship that we're looking forward to with 7-Eleven.

And a lot of the integration benefit that we have is providing the logistics service and providing the
transportation and trucking services, so we're going to continue to provide those services for 7-Eleven.
So there'll be a benefit to us as far as using our logistics assets, using our trucking services, trying to give
them the utmost in terrific service.

So I think it's a win-win for both of us. We're going to capture the integrated value as far as the logistics
and the supply. And 7-Eleven obviously will capture the margin in the retail business going forward.

Another important point is that 7.7 billion holds steady for the whole 15 years, so it's a very long-term
relationship. So that's one component.

And then the second component is we plan to work hand in hand with 7-Eleven as they grow out
their portfolio. They've had a stated goal to expand to about 20,000 stores. And so we have a second
agreement with them that I'll let Brian comment on, which is to continue to supply them beyond the
existing Speedway situation.

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Yes. Thanks, Mike. Yes. So Benny, it's a little tricky to talk about the supply agreement commercially for
obvious reasons. But maybe I'd kind of underscore a couple of the guiding principles and tenets to it and
hit upon what Mike already mentioned.

Really, it's important to note, we have a market-based philosophy. So it's very difficult and tricky to
develop a long-term supply arrangement, but we think we've done it. We think this is a really good, solid
relationship. It's a win-win for both parties.

If you think about the history of the Speedway portfolio literally growing up over decades in and around
the infrastructure, so it's important to us to preserve the integration value operationally associated
with that, which we've done so in the contract, at the same time providing a really compelling supply
operationally as well as commercially for 7-Eleven in the transaction. So we think going forward, it's really
set up well for both sides from a win-win perspective.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

And then, Mike, from a growth perspective, historically, we haven't had, -- I'd say, based on their scale, 7-
Eleven haven't had a huge supply relationship with them. So we think there's opportunity there, especially
across the borrower platform that we now have coast to coast to work closely together to find more
opportunities.

So we think we've started down the right path. We think we've got the commercial construct to get
there. And we're excited about the prospects of going forward once we get to the closing table to drive
incremental value, not only for MPC, but across both sides of the table.

Benny Wong
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. That's very helpful. My follow-up question, a follow-up on your decision on closing Martinez and
Gallup, just wanted to get your thoughts on the impacts, especially Martinez on PADD 5. When we get
back to more of a normal environment, should we expect that region to flip to be more an importer of
product? And what do you think that potentially does to the margin volatility in that region?

And also wanted to get a sense in terms of the change in cost structure it brings, and if you think how
much the price improvements from a tighter supply might bring to your other assets and potentially offset
the normal contributions from these assets.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

So Benny, I'll let Brian make a comment on the balance, and then Ray can make a comment on the cost
structure.

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Yes, Benny. As it relates to the West Coast balance, I think taking Martinez down is certainly directionally
helpful for the balance and that's an obvious statement. Hard to predict though going forward what that
actually looks like as we continue to trend out of COVID. But we've been able to optimize and resupply
within our network as well as with some of our trade partners in that marketplace, so directionally
positive.

And then on the diesel side, I think Ray hit on it earlier. If you think about the mix of diesel production
out of Martinez and what we're replacing with renewable diesel going forward, we think a one-for-one,
but the key there is the renewable diesel is a demand element in the market. So it puts us in a really
good position to not be the exporter in the market, to really help penetrate the market with what's being
demanded out on the West Coast. So hard to know with complete certainty to predict the future. But
obviously, we feel it's very directionally favorable for the marketplace.

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Benny, this is Ray. I'll just talk a little bit on the cost structure. When I talked a little bit earlier about
Martinez, I commented that it has a very high cost structure as a refined product refinery, so that
going forward, we'll have a much more streamlined facility with the 3 hydroprocessing processing units,
hydrogen plants and so forth. So we'll have a much lower cost structure on an OpEx standpoint as well as
-- I talked earlier about the CapEx conversion. So at the end of the day, we really feel that we'll have a
cost-advantaged renewable diesel opportunity.

Operator

Our next question will come from Prashant Rao with Citigroup.

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

I wanted to follow up on the West Coast there. With Martinez going down, how do you think about the
synergies in having sort of that coastal coverage north to south and PADD 5? Does that increase or change
the way the importance of it or change the way that you think about in Anacortes or Kenai in terms of
where that fits in the portfolio?

And then sort of related to that too, I wanted to ask a follow-up about some of the lower complexity,
smaller refineries in the Mid-Con. But maybe starting on that West Coast synergy question, and then I'll
wait for the follow-up.

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Yes, Prashant, this is Brian Partee. I mean absolutely, yes, we -- it's a fundamental shift not only in the
West Coast balance, but certainly to our book. So as a result, it has a direct impact on how we think about
medium and long term about the assets out on the West Coast. So something -- in the West Coast system
today, it's somewhat akin to what we're used to running in the Midwest with some of the flexibility we
have between the plants.

And this really just levers that and puts us into a different gear out west, thinking about logistical assets,
marine assets, terminal assets and whatnot to be able to optimize the overall portfolio. We've always
run the Midwest as a "system". And the West Coast is largely functioned in a similar manner, and we see
this directionally helpful to help us optimize the system overall. And we believe we've got the logistical
capability to do that, and I feel like it puts us in a great position going forward.

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay, great. And then just a follow-up on the -- some of the Mid-Continent, broadly speaking, assets, the
less complex refineries. You mentioned that the Dickinson conversion is on target. And I think we've kind
of been in the back burner in terms of market view or what we're paying attention to, and so that's -- it's
good to get an update there. But when you look at some of the other assets that are there, you have a
few other sort of lower complexity, so to speak, smaller refining assets in the Mid-Con. Where do you think
that fits to the portfolio longer term, some of those -- in terms of disposal versus conversion or keeping
them around as is? Just wanted to get some sense of your thought process around those.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Prashant. Like I said a couple of times here, all the portfolio is going to be evaluated for what we
think will be the best long term. You did mention Dickinson. And I'll let Ray give an update so the market
has a sense of where that stands. But I think the takeaway should be, we've obviously looked at several of
the assets we have. We have a lot more that we're having discussion about.

And then hopefully, like I said, our goal is to get to a point where the portfolio is able to generate cash
in all environments. I mean the one we're in right now is obviously very difficult. But if we get back to a
more normal environment, we want to have a portfolio that's very resilient. So Ray, do you want to make
a comment on Dickinson?

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Yes. With all the challenges that we've had with COVID, very, very pleased that we've been able to
progress Dickinson right along schedule. And so at this point, we're still targeting before the end of the
year to complete construction of a 12,000 barrel a day renewable diesel facility and start up and have
product by the end of the year. So that's still trending very well for us.

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

And with that, operator, thank you. And thank you, everyone, for your interest in Marathon Petroleum
Corporation. Should you have additional questions or would you like clarifications on topics discussed this
morning, our team will be available to take your calls. Thank you so much for joining us. Have a good day.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this
time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

