MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 

NasdaqGS:MKTX
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 29, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.30

1.33

2.31

1.55

5.38

5.42

0.74

6.07

127.64

129.77

1.67

143.66

508.98

511.35

0.47

577.51

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-29-2020 12:40 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

1.38

1.32

1.38

1.39

1.27

1.42

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

0.72 %

(3.79 %)

2.90 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

FQ4 2019

1.30

1.33

2.31 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

3

 
MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Antonio Louis DeLise
Chief Financial Officer

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

David Cresci
Investor Relations Manager

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Arinash Ghosh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Christopher Charles Shutler
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research &
Trading, LLC, Research Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jeremy Edward Campbell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Kenneth William Hill
Rosenblatt Securities Inc.,
Research Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is
being recorded, January 29, 2020.

I would now like to turn the call over to Dave Cresci, Investor Relations Manager at MarketAxess. Please
go ahead, sir.

David Cresci
Investor Relations Manager

Good morning, and welcome to the MarketAxess Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call. For the call, Rick
McVey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will review the highlights for the quarter and the full year
2019; Chris Concannon, President and COO, will discuss progress in open trading and automation; and
then Tony DeLise, Chief Financial Officer, will review the financial results.

Before I turn the call over to Rick, let me remind you that today's call may include forward-looking
statements. These statements represent the company's belief regarding future events that, by their
nature, are uncertain. The company's actual results and financial condition may differ materially from what
is indicated in those forward-looking statements. For a discussion of some of the risks and factors that
could affect the company's future results, please see the description of risk factors in our annual report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. I would also direct you to read the forward-looking
statement disclaimer in our quarterly earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning and is now
available on our website.

Now let me turn the call over to Rick.

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Good morning, and thank you for joining us to review our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. Our
fourth quarter results contributed to our 11th straight year of record revenues and earnings. Revenue
growth for the quarter was 15% in spite of the challenging year-over-year comparisons to fourth quarter
2018. You will recall that credit spreads widened significantly in Q4 last year, leading to a robust quarter
for trading on MarketAxess. This year, credit spreads continued their march to the low end of the historical
credit spread range and volatility declined. Operating income for the quarter was up 13% and EPS was
up 9%. Our acquisition of LiquidityEdge closed on November 1 and added about $3.2 million in expenses
this quarter, which Tony will cover in more detail. U.S. high-grade estimated market share reached 19.9%,
international client volume was up 44% year-over-year and Open Trading volume was up 16%. Due to
our strong results and growing free cash flow, our Board of Directors approved an 18% increase in our
quarterly dividend to $0.60 per share.

Slide 4 highlights our record full year results. Our long-term results reflect our consistent track record
of growth with 5-year compound revenue growth of 14% and compound EPS growth of 22%. For full
year 2019, revenue growth was 17% and EPS growth was 18%. The results this year reflect strength in
all 4 of our core credit products with record volume and revenue in U.S. High-grade, High-yield, global
EM and Eurobonds. Total credit trading volume was up 22% this year, and we had new records in all 4
core products for active institutional clients. Active international client firms reached 830, up from 293
in 2014. The number of client firms trading 3 or more products is just shy of 1,000, nearly double the
total from 5 years ago. Our success in growing our global network of institutional customers has created a
diverse base of trading revenue. Commission revenue in 2019 was up 19%. We believe our lead in global
electronic trading revenue in credit products grew significantly during 2019. 96% of credit trading revenue
at MarketAxess is generated by institutional client order flow, while we believe our key competitors are
in the vast majority of their credit trading revenue in the dealer-to-dealer segment. According to FINRA

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

TRACE volume data, client-to-dealer trading represents approximately 78% of combined high-grade and
high-yield TRACE volume.

Slide 5 provides an update on market conditions. Our record results this year were achieved in a market
environment that is not normally favorable for our business. Credit spreads declined throughout 2019 and
ended the year near the low end of historical credit spread ranges. Credit spread volatility declined in the
second half of the year. New issue activity levels were strong throughout the year. While monthly share
numbers will always fluctuate, the 6-month estimated rolling average market share for combined high-
grade and high-yield shows consistent growth and ended 2019 at the highest levels ever. Our investment
in trading automation is adding important trading efficiency for both dealers and investors. Open Trading
continues to provide an important addition to market liquidity and is reducing transaction costs. For the
full year 2019, Open Trading price improvements delivered estimated transaction cost savings of $385
million to our clients.

Slide 6 outlines the breadth and growth of our global network. Volume and revenue growth is being driven
by a healthy combination of increased activity with existing clients and new investor client relationships.
Total active institutional clients exceeded 1,700 this year, nearly double the active client base from 5 years
ago. We are especially pleased with the progress we continue to make outside of North America. Active
international client firms now total over 800 and international firms represent 30% of total trading volume,
up from 17% in 2015. European clients' volumes were up 38% last year, and global emerging markets
volume was up 29%. We are excited about the long-term growth opportunity we see in CEEMEA, Asia and
Latin America.

Now let me turn the call over to Chris to provide an update on Open Trading and automation.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

Thank you, Rick. Slide 7 provides an update on Open Trading. Open Trading adoption grew to 27.2% of
global trading volumes, representing $136 billion in notional volume. The number of active Open Trading
firms reached a new record of 1,436 firms, up 10% year-over-year. The number of active client firms also
drove significant growth across our 4 core products, notably in emerging markets with a 92% increase and
Eurobonds with a 109% increase year-over-year. We are also seeing an increase in interdealer activity as
dealers continue to leverage Open Trading to move risk off their balance sheets.

In the fourth quarter, over $31 billion of dealer-to-dealer volume was executed on the platform, up 45%
on the prior year. Interdealer volume now represents 6% of our total credit trading volume. Open Trading
also continues to deliver significant transaction cost savings for participants with an estimated $79 million
in aggregate savings in the fourth quarter for both liquidity providers and liquidity takers. As announced
last quarter, we launched the pilot phase of Live Markets, our live order book for active and newly issued
corporate bonds. We are now actively onboarding clients and dealers to build a robust streaming liquidity
solution. This innovation will allow participants to click to trade and leave live resting orders, which is a
new way of trading credit. Our effort to move toward a self-clearing model is progressing well, and we
expect to be fully live in early -- early in the second quarter. We expect self-clearing to favorably impact
our clearing costs while improving our client experience.

Slide 8 demonstrates the growing momentum of automation and credit trading. Automated trading
volumes rose to over $24 billion in the fourth quarter, up from $9 billion in the fourth quarter of 2018.
78 firms used our auto execution functionality in the fourth quarter, up from 31 the prior year. Our new
auto responder functionality will allow investor clients to more efficiently engage in liquidity provision
through the Open Trading marketplace. The use of dealer algorithms is also growing, with approximately
2.4 million algo responses in the fourth quarter, a 33% increase year-over-year. Dealer algos also drove
an increase in the average number of price responses per inquiry to 7.3 in the quarter, up from 5.8 the
year prior. This increase in pricing activity across liquid and illiquid corporate bonds ultimately can improve
execution quality and the likelihood of execution.

Slide 9 provides a summary of our trading volume across product categories. We are pleased with the
14% increase in overall credit trading volume in the fourth quarter in light of less favorable market

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

conditions for electronic trading. Our U.S. high-grade volumes were up 5% year-over-year to $253
billion for the quarter, solely due to an increase in estimated market share with flat TRACE volumes year-
over-year. Other credit category trading volumes were up 26% year-over-year. Emerging markets and
Eurobond volumes were both up more than 30% on a combination of higher estimated market share and
an increase in estimated market volumes. Our rates category is mainly composed of trading volume in
U.S. treasuries and reflects the post-acquisition contribution from LiquidityEdge.

On a pro forma basis, average daily volume for U.S. treasuries was up 62% from 2018 to 2019, resulting
in over $14 million in total annual revenue. We believe these volume gains were primarily driven by an
increase in market share. 2020 will be a build year for our rates business as we focus on integration
efforts with LiquidityEdge, including the development of a dealer-to-client solution. As a sign of the early
integration success, our auto hedging solution was launched in December 2019 and has already executed
close to $400 million in treasury hedges. 2020, we'll also see continued investment in our other new
initiatives, including portfolio trading solutions, treasury net hedging, Live Markets, munis, automated
trading enhancements and our recently announced green bond trading program. Our January month-to-
date average daily credit volume is tracking more than 10% higher than January 2019, while U.S. high-
grade and high-yield market volumes are somewhat flat.

Our U.S. treasury volume is tracking more than 20% higher versus January 2019. And I am happy to
report that our January volumes include over $1.7 billion in green bonds, which will plant close to 9,000
trees under our new green bond initiative. Now let me turn the call over to Tony to discuss the financials in
more detail.

Antonio Louis DeLise
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Chris. On Slide 10, we provide a summary of our quarterly earnings performance. Overall
revenue was $130 million, up 15% year-over-year. The 14% increase in credit trading volume and the
inclusion of U.S. treasury trading commissions resulted in a 15% uplift in commissions. Information
Services revenue was up 21% in the fourth quarter and includes onetime data sales of approximately
$700,000. Expenses were up 18%, and operating income was up 13% year-over-year. Excluding the
impact of the LiquidityEdge acquisition, expenses were up 12% and operating margin was approximately
48.5% in the fourth quarter. The effective tax rate was 18.9% in the fourth quarter and 20.4% for full
year 2019. During the quarter, we recognized $3.6 million of excess tax benefits related to share-based
compensation awards. Our diluted EPS was $1.32. The increase in our diluted share count was largely due
to the 146,000 shares issued as part of the LiquidityEdge acquisition.

On Slide 11, we have laid out our commission revenue, trading volumes and fees per million. Total variable
transaction fees were up 19% year-over-year driven by the increase in credit trading volume and the
inclusion of U.S. treasury trading commissions. U.S. high-grade fee per million was little changed from the
third quarter level. Years to Maturity bonds traded over the platform was similar to the third quarter. Our
other credit category fee per million increased by 5 -- decreased by $5 on a sequential basis, principally
due to the impact of 2 high-yield dealers migrating from the all-variable plan to the distribution fee
plan. Rates fee per million was $4.81 in the fourth quarter, which is slightly higher than the estimate
we provided in our December volume release and is a blended fee capture for U.S. treasuries and U.S.
agencies. There could be some variability in rates fee capture as our U.S. treasury fee plans are typically
volume tiered.

Please also note that the fourth quarter rates category fee per million only includes 2 months of U.S.
treasuries trading activity. Reflecting a full quarter of activity and continued strong growth in treasury
trading volume, we would expect the rates category fee capture to run around $4 per million, respectively.
Overall distribution fees were $1.9 million higher than the third quarter level, principally due to higher
unused minimum fees on certain all-variable plans and the 2 high-yield dealer migrations in the fourth
quarter. We expect distribution fees in the first quarter of 2020 will be similar to the fourth quarter level.

Slide 12 provides you with the expense detail. On a year-over-year basis, expenses were up 18% for the
quarter. Excluding approximately $3.2 million of LiquidityEdge-related operating expenses, amortization of
acquired intangible assets and deal costs, expenses were up 12% year-over-year and very similar to the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

third quarter level. Excluding the LiquidityEdge impact, compensation and benefits accounted for 65% of
the year-over-year change in expenses as we continue to add personnel to support our growth initiatives.
Our year-over-year increase in headcount of 73, higher stock-based compensation expense and higher
variable bonus provision were the main contributors to the rise in compensation and benefits.

On Slide 13, we provide balance sheet information. Cash and investments as of December 31 were $500
million, and free cash flow reached a record $227 million in 2019. Dividends and share repurchases
aggregated $93 million, and capital expenditures were $35 million in 2019. Our recurring quarterly
dividend is an important element of our capital management strategy. Our dividend rate has kept pace
with our increase in earnings and free cash flow generation. And with the announced 18% increase in the
quarterly dividend to $0.60 per share, we have nearly tripled the dividend level over the past 5 years.
We expect to maintain our standing repurchase program with the intent of offsetting dilution from equity
grants. During 2019, we repurchased a total of 60,000 shares under the plan.

On Slide 14, we have our 2020 guidance for expenses, capital expenditures and the effective tax rate. We
expect the total 2020 expenses will be in the range of $297 million to $314 million. This guidance range
reflects a full year of LiquidityEdge expenses, including $2.8 million for amortization of acquired intangible
assets. In addition, it's important to note that variable clearing and technology costs are expected to
represent roughly 50% of LiquidityEdge's revenue. Excluding LiquidityEdge expenses, the midpoint in
the guidance range would represent an approximate 11% year-over-year increase in expenses. 2020
capital expenditures are expected to range from $44 million to $49 million, of which roughly half relates
to capitalized software development costs, resulting from the investments we are making in new protocols
and enhancements to the trading platform. The guidance also includes approximately $7 million of build-
out costs for additional office space in London. We expect that the effective tax rate for full year 2020 will
range from 20% to 22%. The guidance range incorporates an estimate for excess tax benefits related to
share-based compensation awards. Now let me turn the call back to Rick.

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO
Thank you, Tony. We are pleased with the consistent long-term growth we have delivered to our
shareholders and even more excited about what we see for the next decade. The current product and
client trends show an acceleration of momentum toward greater fully electronic trading in global credit
products. In addition to our core product success, we are excited to have a serious entry point into the
rate space with LiquidityEdge, and we see additional product opportunities emerging in municipal bonds
and elsewhere. We would now be happy to open the line for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I guess my question is going to be on the expense guidance. And just curious in terms of the spend levels,
how they might be differing in terms of what you're allocating to in 2020 versus last year? And also, just
clarifying whether that includes the benefit from self-clearing?

Antonio Louis DeLise
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Dan. It's Tony. So thinking about the expense guidance, and we gave some color, probably
more color we've done in the past in terms of what's driving the expenses. When you look at the individual
line items, as expected, the line item with the biggest growth year-over-year would be in comp and
benefits. And we expect to add more personnel in 2020 to support our growth initiatives. It's concentrated
in technology and sales and business support. And we also have the full year impact of the almost 75
people that we added in 2019. So that comp and benefits line will be one of the drivers of the growth.

The 2 other areas, though -- and when I was looking at consensus estimates and looking at where our
base budget varies, the 2 other areas are big investment areas. It's around depreciation and amortization
and technology and communication. And on the depreciation and amortization side, we have had --
we made a significant investment in the trading platform, protocols, products, and that shows up in
capitalized software development. So Chris and Rick rattled off trading automation, building out client-to-
dealer treasuries, portfolio trading, hedging, Live Markets, all of that results in an increase in capitalized
software development. We end up amortizing that over 3 years. So you're going to see an uplift there.
And I think also the amortization of the LiquidityEdge deal intangibles also contribute to that rise in
depreciation and amortization.

The other area where there was, again, a sizable variance between consensus estimates and where we're
looking at a base budget was in tech and communications. In there, that one had really 2 big components
on the LiquidityEdge side, the technology costs today do vary directly to -- directly with revenue. So as
we're expecting an uplift in treasury activity and revenue derived from treasuries, we're also expecting
an uplift in that technology line. And the second area to support all of the product development work, we
are building out cloud development tools to support the growth. So that's where you're going to see some
variances in the expense growth as well.

Operator

And our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Actually, I just wanted to ask a follow-up on Dan's question because I think he also asked about self-
clearing, if there's any benefit from self-clearing embedded in the 2020 guide. Sorry, if I missed that. And
then also, just the 11% organic growth rate for 2020, excluding LiquidityEdge. I just -- over the past sort
of 5 or 7 years, it just feels like the organic growth rate and expenses has kind of been in this 8% to 10%
range on average. I'm just wondering like how should investors think about the medium-term expense
growth rate, organic expense growth rate of the business, given the investments that you're making.
Is it in the double-digit range? Is it in the 10% to 12% range? Should we be thinking about that over
the medium term? And then just if you could just kind of remind us your thoughts on operating margin
expansion, operating leverage and how much you think you can kind of -- you can generate an operating
leverage on a normalized basis given the business?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Antonio Louis DeLise
Chief Financial Officer

I think you had more than 1 question there, Kyle, but I will answer them. On the -- I will say one thing
-- first, on the organic growth rate, if you're looking at, say, a 3-year, 5-year, 10-year basis on organic
expenses, they have been double digits. They've been around 12% or 13%. So I don't think anything
we're guiding to for 2020, again, absent LiquidityEdge overlay, anything we're guiding to would be
inconsistent with what we've done in the past. And this is all about investing in the opportunity to
expand the geographic reach, the addressable market, new products and protocols. I think we're doing
exactly what investors want us to do. And I do think, again, if you look back historically, it wouldn't be
inconsistent with the way expenses have grown.

The second part on clearing. Yes, the -- what we're guiding to includes an expectation for the MarketAxess
core or legacy business when we transition over to self-clearing in the U.S., and we transition to a new
clearing broker outside of the U.S. We are anticipating cost savings. That is built into the numbers. So
fully embedded. Chris mentioned in his prepared remarks, we expect to go live sometime in Q2. So fully
embedded in the guidance we're providing.

The other piece you mentioned, which was question number 2, was around operating margins. And this
-- you've heard this from us in the past, where we are investing. And we've had a period here over the
last several years where we've invested significantly in building out our geographic reach and launching
new products and protocols. And again, you can reference back all the initiatives we have underway right
now. At the same time, we've been delivering operating margins around 50%. We don't think that's a bad
answer, but this is all about growing and addressing the opportunity here. We think there is -- if we're
right about investing today, we think there is an ability for margins to expand. If we're right around our
client-to-dealer treasury trading, if we have an uplift in muni trading, if market share accelerates in our
core business, that's all going to drive revenue growth forward. And I think there is an opportunity for
margins to expand. But this is about investment. Look at this past year, we delivered. If you look at it and
say that the expenses were up significantly in the past year, but our net income was up 18%. So we're not
managing to a margin number right now. I do think there's opportunity to expand, but today, it's all about
investment.

Operator

And our next question is from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess what caught my attention was, Rick, when you highlighted 96% of your business is institutional
and you think peers are D2D, and you also highlighted, I think, the FINRA TRACE is 78%. So I guess, the
point here is, what are you trying to say versus your competition? And isn't -- I assume the D2D space is
much lower capture, but isn't a good liquidity as well? Or what are you trying to say about differentiating
your platform with those numbers, I guess?

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

I guess what I am trying to outline, Rich, is in the institutional client-to-dealer segment for fully electronic
trading, we feel better about our market position than ever before. And it's important to remember that
there are no industry standards for electronic trading volume reports and every company is different
in what and how they report. So I think it's important to look at what's going on in the revenue side to
compare with what is being reported on the volume side. And when we really talk to the major dealers
in the space that see the order flow, we continue to feel like we have been strengthening our leadership
position in the most important space for credit trading, which is the client-to-dealer institutional space.
And I -- when you look at the competitors that all of you follow, the retail space is primarily a dealer-to-
dealer business. There is also institutional dealer-to-dealer, both electronic and voice brokerage going on.
And I believe that our lead has grown throughout the year in the institutional customer space.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

And yes, when you look at the facts within FINRA TRACE, that helps to frame out the size of the market.
And 78% of the combined high-grade and high-yield volume reported to TRACE involves a customer
trade, and 22% is a dealer-to-dealer trade. In addition to that, some of the stats that Chris outlined
is that dealers are using our vast liquidity pool for credit trading for their own liquidity more than ever
before. So we're excited that we're also starting to compete in the dealer-to-dealer space, but just to
keep that in context, it represents 6% of our trading volume and 4% of our revenue. And I think if all
the competitors in this space would follow that lead in terms of the granularity around revenue reporting
by client segment, it would add to your understanding of what's really going on electronically by client
segment as well as investors.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

And Rich, I would just add, I just think the importance of the client business as we look at our network
value and value that client business, it is a global business and it is quite a sticky business versus the
dealer-to-dealer business that we've seen on other platform shift rapidly. So the build-out and the
investment and the cost, both in terms of time and human value to build that client network, that is
an enormous advantage that we have and an advantage that we're clearly using as we jump into other
product areas like rates, munis, and if you look at our success in emerging markets. So the client network
is a network of great value, and so, we look at that -- those volumes as an important metric of our global
growth.

Operator

And our next question is from Jeremy Campbell with Barclays.

Jeremy Edward Campbell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

As you guys highlighted earlier, non-U.S. clients and volumes have been very strong, and emerging
markets, in particular, is a pretty big market and has been a pretty big growth driver for you. I think kind
of overarching, you guys have previously noted that every 1% market share pickup is like $30 million to
$40 million of additional revenue. Just kind of wondering, with the recent switch to your new non-U.S.
settlement agent that has better kind of relationships and expertise in local markets, maybe just discuss
what your expectations are for potential accelerated market share gains in emerging markets in 2020 and
maybe whether if that's a function of new client sign-ons or deeper wallet share?

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

No, thanks for pointing that out. We're -- we couldn't be more excited about the opportunity in global EM
and the progress that we are making. And in the prepared remarks, we did highlight that international
growth over the last several years has been faster than North American growth. And it's primarily because
of our success in our EM franchise. Europe took the lead last year with a 38% increase in client volume
within the region and EM was an important part of that. But we also saw a significant increase in active
clients in Asia and improvement in our franchise in Latin America. And what we feel great about is that for
many years our EM volume gains were primarily driven by hard currency EM trading. We are now seeing
an acceleration of interest in growth in local EM market trading, where we have 26 different local markets
available for trading on the platform. So this is another sign that the demand for trading automation and
electronic trading is growing well beyond the United States. And it's turning this into very much a global
opportunity with really healthy trends in Latin America, CEEMEA and Asia.

Operator

Our next question is from Chris Allen with Compass Point.

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Just following up on that point. You talked about investing in different regions. Is that where you -- the
investments could be driven from boots on the ground in AP, Lat Am to keep the emerging market growth
going?

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

There's certainly some of that. We're increasing our headcount internationally to capitalize on the
growing demand that we are seeing, but it's also a technology investment. So it's a combination of client-
facing people to work with the growing base of international clients that we serve as well as technology
investment.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

And I will just add, we've made a number of headcount investments, certainly in Latin America as well as
in Asia. We are seeing dividends paid as a result of those human investments we've made at people on the
ground in both regions and growing our penetration in those regions.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Hill with Rosenblatt.

Kenneth William Hill
Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division

I had a question on the muni bond trading, you mentioned it in the prepared remarks. But I know that's
been an opportunity for some time, hoping that volume kind of moves a little bit more electronic. I was
hoping you guys could provide a little bit more of an update on kind of behind-the-scenes effort, what
you're hearing from clients, that might move that a little bit more electronic over time because I know it's
a big opportunity. So not only maybe what you're doing with clients, but how long you see that kind of
playing out before we see some more substantial electronic volume?

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

Sure. Great question. And obviously, we've got a great deal of focus on the muni bond area. Just here in
January, we're seeing our month-to-date volume increasing from both December and obviously prior year
January '19. We're close to -- just over $800 million in volume in the month. So a pretty exciting area.
We are seeing a shift from -- among the retail dollars moving into SMA accounts, which we are putting
muni dollars in the hands of large institutions where we have a competitive advantage. So we've seen
some uplift from adoption of our traditional institutional clients as they shift, how they handle their muni
desks. And we are seeing rewards from both technology investments and also the OMS solutions that we
provide those institutions. So we're excited about the muni space. We expect, obviously, to see continued
penetration in our clients across the institutional region. We also are seeing benefits. Many of the green
bonds are found in the muni space. So we're deriving some green bond benefits as a result of the demand
in green bonds that are coming in from both Europe, Asia and the U.S. And our green bond activity is
growing as a result of our muni growth ironically.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ari Ghosh with Crédit Suisse.

Arinash Ghosh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So just on -- back to LiquidityEdge, Chris, maybe you could take this one. Could you update us on the
time line around the rollout of some of the new offerings and cross-sell opportunities that you see this
year? And then if I think about the treasury space, maybe talk about a little bit about your competitive
positioning as the industry adoption of some of these streaming protocols increase?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

Yes, great question. Obviously, we're very excited about the LiquidityEdge acquisition and just the dealer-
to-dealer business and the progress that LiquidityEdge has made in the year. We've got over 125 banks
and dealers on the platform, 21 of the 23 primary dealers, and obviously their ADV was tracking in 2019
over 2018, probably about a 60% growth over 2018. As we think about the integration of LiquidityEdge
on the MarketAxess platform, we start with the hedging solutions that we're able to -- we launched
in December of last year. We are also expecting net hedging solutions coming in the second quarter.
So further enhancements and build-out on our hedging solutions for our corporate bond trading. More
importantly, our dealer-to-client integration, where we actually allow our institutional clients from the
MarketAxess platform to access dealer streaming liquidity, we expect that to be launched in the second
half of 2020. So we're excited about the build-out there as well.

Operator

And our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe, Chris and Tony, if you could talk a little bit more about the spending on growth initiatives in a
few areas. And is the -- how you've -- I guess, the scalability of how you're developing these and maybe
kind of rank them a little bit, but it would be obviously Open Trading. But Auto-X, obviously, again, you've
gotten very strong traction there. If you can talk about the spending in the 2020 plan for that and how
that is already scaling. And then I think, Chris, you mentioned the portfolio trading solutions also being a
big growth area.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

Sure. Well, first, on the scaling, I think it's most evident in our automated trading solutions. Our Auto-
X feature, as I mentioned, saw a $24 billion in volume just in the fourth quarter alone. So we didn't add
headcount to offer additional auto execution functionality, and yet we are seeing those levels of volume
coming across the platform. We are also seeing better penetration within clients that have already adopted
Auto-X. And what I mean by that is either rolling out through additional product or offering larger sizes in
their Auto-X solution. So that some of the growth is both new clients adopting auto execution solutions,
but also current clients increasing their use of auto execution. And then, as I think about our portfolio
trading, probably has the most scale because it's built. We're adding features throughout the year 2020,
but the largest part of the building has been done, and now it's really client adoption. We have 93 clients
now on-boarded to execute portfolio trades. It's about 830 traders across our institutional client base,
and now 11 dealers supporting pricing in our portfolio trading solutions. So we're excited about what the
portfolio trading technology can do and how much volume can come through those very large block trade
-- portfolio trades.

Antonio Louis DeLise
Chief Financial Officer

And then just one add on the spend. If you looked at 2019, our spend for enhancements to the platform,
rolling out these new protocols, it was almost double the spend in 2018. So just to put it in perspective,
2018, capitalized software development, roughly $11 million; 2019, roughly $22 million. When we look
at 2020, and we -- in the prepared remarks, you saw some -- get some color or commentary there. We
expect that capitalized software development to have another uplift in spend. So we had a big uplift in
2019, and we're expecting another year of heavy investment in 2020.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

And I will just add, our green bond initiative will scale quite nicely. We look -- we saw close to $20 billion
in green bond activity in 2019. And as I mentioned, we already have $1.7 billion in green bond trading just
in this month alone. So we're excited. We really didn't have much of an initiative in 2019 for green bond
trading. And as we look at 2020, we're excited about planting 5 trees for every $1 million in green bond
trading. We think that's an enormous incentive for our clients because they will get credit -- ESG credit for
trading on our platform. And as you know, ESG is quite a hot topic, not only in 2019, but clearly in 2020.
So I would say our green bond trading incentive is probably our most scalable offering on the platform
right now, but I'm a little biased.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Bigger picture question for you guys. So electronic trading of credit obviously continues to expand beyond
the sort of traditional RFQ model. You guys have a very strong presence in the all -- to all part of the
market and obviously launching portfolio trading and other kind of protocols. Can you help us think about
the competitive landscape in that part of the market outside of the RFQ model, which, obviously, where is
MarketAxess is more dominant? And importantly, how you think pricing dynamics will evolve for some of
those newer protocols?

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Sure. I'll take first crack at that, Alex. First of all, on portfolio trading, the demand is growing, but it is in
very early stages. And what we have seen and also heard consistently from the market is that portfolio
trades still consistently tend to be bilateral trades, although there is some increase starting to occur in
multi-dealer portfolio trades. But in our early portfolio trading on MarketAxess, we are providing value by
primarily processing a trade that's taking place off the system. So dealers and clients are still negotiating
the bonds in the portfolio and the pricing benchmarks that they will use off system with spreadsheets and
then taking advantage of the processing benefits online. And it's our understanding that, that's generally
what's taking place elsewhere. I would expect that to continue to develop in terms of more automated
portfolio trading solutions. But my view is that it's in early stages today.

And the other thing that we do is track what we believe to be portfolio trades that hit the TRACE tape. And
while the growth rate has been very high, the estimates that we have that we've confirmed with major
participants in portfolio trading are around 3% or 3.5% of high-grade TRACE volume taking place through
portfolio trading and more like 2% to 2.5% in high yield. So it's important in growing segment, but still
a relatively small part of the secondary market. The other piece is that, yes, there is some demand
emerging for sessions-based trading and that really has led to our investment in Live Markets. We think
that very active benchmark bonds as well as new issues can trade closer to a live market environment,
and that is exactly why we've invested the time and effort into Live Markets. And we do see reason for
optimism there with decline in dealer demand that we're starting to see for Live Markets.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

And I will just add, when you think about our auto execution functionality, we are taking the traditional
RFQ market and creating a no-touch solution. While pricing doesn't change, they are -- continue to
be automated RFQs. Over time, how we execute an auto execution and the speed of the RFQ can be
increased. So you get the similar benefits to a streaming price as you speed up RFQ into a continuous RFQ
or a request for stream type of model. When I look at the rates business, obviously, that the most liquid
asset class on the planet is our U.S. treasury market. It continues to be serviced by an RFQ model from
the dealer-to-client market -- in the dealer-to-client market. So we are looking at not only that solution,
but a request for stream solution as well to help solve the speed of execution in the treasury market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

And then just, as Rick mentioned, our Live Markets is still in pilot form. It's out there being offered. We
have 37 participants live on the platform, 7 dealers currently on the platform. We're still waiting on dealers
to connect and stream price, and that's a critical change in the credit market as dealers are -- build out
their capability to stream live pricing throughout the day. And I think that's an important development
both in Europe and in the U.S., as all of our traditional dealers start to build out streams for pricing.
And that's when the market solutions can change. And obviously, on Live Markets, our trading desk is
routinely -- our trading desk is headed by Mike Sheehan, who is routinely contacting clients, letting them
know about activity on the platform, so we have the eyes and the ears of active trading going on, on Live
Markets.

Operator

And our next question comes from Chris Shutler with William Blair.

Christopher Charles Shutler
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

2 questions. In high grade, it looks like Open Trading as a share of your total volume has been pretty
flat over the course of the year. Maybe just talk about what's caused that, that stabilization in that
percentage? And then secondly, in portfolio trading, I hear what you're saying that it's early days, but over
time, as that functionality does become more automated and matures, how should we think about the fee
capture for a portfolio trade relative to your current averages?

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Sure, Chris, it's Rick. I'll take the first crack at that one. But when you look at Open Trading percentages,
27% is still a significant addition in new market liquidity for credit market participants, but it will also vary
in our opinion with overall market conditions. And we saw a huge increase in Open Trading percentage in
the fourth quarter of last year when we had a significant pickup in credit spread volatility and widening
spreads. That was not the case this year, where we had a decline in credit spreads throughout the year
and a decline in volatility. So I think you'll see it vary with different market conditions. The other point
to remember is that our trading automation tools have allowed dealers to be much more responsive on
the system to client inquiries. So the dealer responses have gone way up over the last 1.5 years or 2 on
the back of the work that we've done with many of them to promote their algos on market access. So
I think it's a combination where dealer pricing continues to get better on the platform, Open Trading is
providing an important additional layer of liquidity, but also market conditions, which throughout the year
saw declining spreads and declining bid offer.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

And I would just add that portfolio trading, while it's something that we hear a lot about, it's still a
relatively small part of the market. It's also a market that we don't touch today. These are large blocks
that are going off in the large block market. It's something that we have been striving to get in the middle
of. And portfolio trading solution, it just -- it really requires a great deal of efficiency today. Dealers and
clients are passing back spreadsheets. And so our solution really is a workflow solution at first. Over time,
we think it can generate more secondary trading activity on the platform as a result of either dealers
liquidating positions brought down from a portfolio trade. So the pricing of our portfolio trading, and again
its initial rollout pricing is lower than traditional RFQ, but the size of the portfolios can get quite large. And
it is a target market that we don't have on the platform today and one that we're chasing.

Operator

And I'm not showing any further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back to Rick McVey
for his final remarks.

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Thank you for joining us this morning, and we look forward to catching up with you again next quarter.

Operator
And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now
disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

