MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 

NasdaqGS:MKTX
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 20, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.44

1.52

Revenue  (mm)

161.37

162.09

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-20-2021 3:02 AM GMT

5.56

0.45

1.68

7.08

8.18

178.33

712.45

802.34

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

1.83

2.14

1.76

1.44

1.97

2.17

1.79

1.52

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7.65 %

1.40 %

1.70 %

5.56 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher Neal Gerosa
Chief Financial Officer

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

David Cresci
Investor Relations Manager

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Patrick Joseph O'Shaughnessy
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Sheriq Sumar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference
call is being recorded on October 20, 2021. I would now like to turn the call over to David Cresci, Investor
Relations Manager at MarketAxess. Please go ahead, sir.

David Cresci
Investor Relations Manager

Good morning, and welcome to the MarketAxess Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. For the call,
Rick McVey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will review the highlights for the quarter and
the international growth. Chris Concannon, President and COO, will discuss product expansion and
automation. And then Chris Gerosa, Chief Financial Officer, will review the financial results.

Before I turn the call over to Rick, let me remind you that today's call may include forward-looking
statements. These statements represent the company's beliefs regarding future events that, by their
nature, are uncertain. The company's actual results and financial condition may differ materially from what
is indicated in those forward-looking statements. For a discussion of some of the risks and factors that
could affect the company's future results, please see the description of risk factors in our annual report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. I would also direct you to read the forward-looking
statement disclaimer in our quarterly earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning and is now
available on our website. Now let me turn the call over to Rick.

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Good morning, and thank you for joining us to review our third quarter 2021 results. Q3 total revenue
was $162 million, down 1% year-over-year. Operating income was $74 million, and operating margin was
46%. EPS of $1.52 was down 15%, reflecting our ongoing investments in new data, trading and post-
trade solutions. Credit market trading faces headwinds currently with a combination of historically low
credit spreads and credit spread volatility. These conditions have persisted over the last 3 quarters and
history suggests they will revert to the mean over time. Our international business is showing strong
growth through volume and market share gains in eurobonds and emerging markets, post-trade services
and product expansion. We are pleased to add Chinese government bonds to our offering through China
Bond Connect and CIBM Direct. Slide 3 provides an update on market conditions.

Market volumes have been negatively impacted by the current low levels of bond yields, credit spreads
and volatility. During these periods, price dispersion of bids and offers shrinks temporarily. Our liquidity
and pricing advantage comes through most clearly at times of normal to high spreads and volatility. And
we believe that there are many factors that could positively impact bond volatility in the periods ahead. As
yields have started to increase from historically low levels, average years to maturity traded on our system
has come down about 6%. Average years to maturity is one of the factors that causes fluctuations in our
high-grade fee capture.

We are watching the emerging news on inflation, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and the China
real estate market closely. We believe that it is likely that we will see tapering of Central Bank bond buying
in the periods ahead, which is likely to lead to more normalized yield levels and volatility in bond markets
around the world. Slide 4 highlights our growth in international markets. In spite of the low levels of
yields around the world, we are showing strong growth in our emerging market and eurobond product
areas. Eurobond volumes are up 22% year-over-year against the backdrop of lower market volumes. Our
estimated market share reached new highs in eurobonds during the quarter. Emerging market volumes
were up 19% with estimated market volumes up 1%, reflecting share gains in global EM debt trading. We
are seeing strong growth rates in both hard currency EM bonds denominated in dollars, euros and yen, as
well as local market trading.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

The addition of China increases our local market coverage to 28 local markets across Latin America,
CEMEA and APAC regions. This quarter, we set new records in global active trading clients and
international client firms. This expands our broad client network and creates additional cross-selling
opportunities. We are underway with client onboarding for China bond connect and expect an active
quarter ahead. As the second largest government bond market in the world, China provides a meaningful
increase in our total market opportunity. Now let me turn the call over to Chris to provide an update on
product expansion and automation.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

Thanks, Rick. Slide 5 provides an update on Open Trading and product expansion. Open Trading continues
to support credit market liquidity by offering all participants the chance to engage with the market. In
the third quarter, over 25,000 orders and $13 billion in notional value was available daily through our
Open Trading marketplace. Dealers have also realized the benefits of Open Trading and are increasingly
seeking anonymous all-to-all liquidity. Dealer RFQ volume grew 20% year-over-year to $59 billion during
the quarter. The increased diversity of participation continues to drive cost saving opportunities. Despite
compressed credit market spreads, clients faced an estimated $121 million in transaction costs during
the quarter due to price improvements delivered by Open Trading. The acquisitions of LiquidityEdge and
MuniBrokers highlight our investment in new markets and the growing application of Open Trading across
the fixed income landscape. $910 billion of U.S. treasury trading volume was executed on market access
in the quarter, up 22% from the prior year.

We have made several enhancements to our rich trading offering in recent months, including our launch
of all-to-all Click-To-Trade functionality and extending RFQ trading capabilities for client to dealer orders.
The expansion of Open Trading for U.S. treasuries is a critical priority for us and aligns with recent G30
recommendations for an all-to-all marketplace in treasuries. Municipal bond trading on market access
grew 92% to $5.4 billion in the quarter. An additional $17.4 billion in volume was conducted through
MuniBrokers, our interdealer electronic platform, which we currently do not include in our muni bond
volume totals.

Integration efforts of the MuniBroker platform are well underway, and we are targeting the fourth quarter
for the initial phase of our integration of the platform into our Open Trading network. We believe these
investments in government bond and municipal bond trading solutions will add approximately 25% to our
long-term addressable market opportunity. Slide 6 highlights the growing momentum of automation and
credit trading. Automated trading on market access reached new records in the quarter, growing to $42
billion in volume and over 224,000 trades.

115 firms leveraged our automated trading protocols in the quarter, up from 86 last year. Today, Auto-
X represents 19% of total trade count and 7% of our total volume. The use of dealer algorithms is
continuing to grow on the platform with approximately 4.4 million algo responses in the third quarter, up
17% from the same period last year. The growth of dealer algorithms and our automated trading tools are
driving a steady increase in the average number of responses on market access. In the third quarter, we
saw an average of 7 responses per inquiry versus 5.8% in the third quarter of 2020. This demonstrates
enhancements in our liquidity as a result of the increased engagement from our diverse investor and
dealer community.

Slide 7 demonstrates the growth from diversifying our business initiatives. The acquisition of Regulatory
Reporting Hub helped drive total post-trade services revenue to $9.4 million in the quarter, up 101%
year-over-year. The addition of Continental European clients to our suite of regulatory reporting services
through this acquisition has further bolstered our unique data solutions. Through these types of post-trade
data sources, we have seen sizable benefits to our data solutions like Axess All and Composite+. Both
Axess All and Composite+ helped drive our information services revenue to $9.6 million in the quarter,
which is up 13% year-over-year. Combined information services and post-trade revenue now account for
12% of total revenues, up from 8% in the third quarter of 2020.

Following enhancements to our portfolio trading solution in May, we have seen significant traction with our
new functionality. 54 unique investor firms and 13 dealers were active since May and drove record volume

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

of $8.9 billion in the quarter. We believe our active client group is the same group of participants active
in the market-wide portfolio trading today. Activity in our session-based protocol, Mid-X, reached record
volumes in the quarter of $3.4 billion. We plan on expanding Mid-X beyond eurobonds to U.S. credit later
this year. Now let me turn the call over to Chris to provide an update on our financials.

Christopher Neal Gerosa
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Chris. Slide 8 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings performance. Third quarter
revenue was $162 million, down 1% from the prior year. The 5% decline in commissions was offset by
the 100% uplift in post-trade revenue. The increase in post-trade revenue includes $3.4 million of trade
reporting revenue generated from new clients added through the regulatory reporting hub acquisition.
Information Service revenue was up 13% year-over-year due to new data sales and the positive impact of
foreign exchange due to the weaker U.S. dollar. The annual contract value for new recurring data contract
sales for the first 9 months of 2021 has exceeded all of 2020.

The sequential pickup in other income was due to foreign currency transaction gains. Excluding regular
activity such as foreign exchange gains and losses, we anticipate the quarterly run rate for the other
income expense line to be about $1 million of expense. The effective tax rate was 22.2% for the quarter
and 21.6% year-to-date. Slide 9 provides an overview of commission revenue, trading volume and fees
per million. The 9% decline in variable transaction fees was attributable to lower U.S. credit trading
volume and lower overall fee capture. The 17% decline in U.S. high-grade fees per million was mainly due
to shorter duration driven by the increase in bond yields and a decrease in the average years to maturity
of bonds traded on the platform.

We also experienced some dealer movement to a fixed fee plan from an all variable fee plan. And this
explains the increase in U.S. high-grade distribution fees as fixed fee plans provide for higher fixed
distribution fees, but lower transaction fees. Other credit fees per million was lower year-over-year due to
a higher mix of emerging market and Eurobond volume that command lower fees. The third quarter 2021
other credit distribution fees includes $1.2 million of MuniBrokers subscription and license fees. Slide 10
provides expense detail. Third quarter expenses were up 16% year-over-year, and include $5.5 million of
operating expenses, amortization of acquired intangibles and nonrecurring integration costs associated
with the regulatory reporting hub and MuniBrokers acquisitions. If we exclude these acquisition costs,
expenses were up 8.4%.

The increase in compensation and benefits reflects higher salary and benefit expense as we continue
to add employees to support our product and geographical expansion. The $4.9 million increase in
depreciation and amortization expense includes $2.5 million of acquired intangible amortization expense
from acquisitions and higher software development costs as we continue to invest in trading system
enhancements. M&A integration costs and higher recruiting fees contributed to the increase in professional
and consulting fees year-over-year. The 32% decline in clearing costs reflect transaction cost savings from
our strategic decision to convert to a self-clearing model back in August 2020. We are updating our full
year 2021 expense guidance range to $360 million to $365 million down from a range of $370 million to
$386 million. The updated expense guidance reflects, among other items, lower incentive compensation
and variable clearing costs. Slide 11 provides an update on cash flow and capital management. As of
September 30, our cash and investments were $458 million, and our trailing 12-month free cash flow was
$320 million.

During the quarter, we paid the $25 million quarterly dividend to our shareholders and repurchased
approximately 9,000 shares. During the third quarter, we did not have any borrowings on the 1-year $500
million revolving credit facility for the $200 million secured facility. And on October 15, we replaced the
1-year revolving credit facility with a new 3-year facility. Based on our third quarter results, our Board of
Directors approved a $0.66 regular quarterly dividend. Now let me turn the call back to Rick.

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO
Thanks, Chris. While we are experiencing slower than average growth rates in the short term, we are
pleased with the expansion of our business strategy, evident in new products, new protocols and new

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

clients. We are confident market conditions and credit will improve, once again highlighting the benefits of
our unique Open Trading liquidity pool. New opportunities in China, U.S. treasuries, munis, post-trade and
data show promise to add valuable revenue growth and diversification in the periods ahead. Now I would
be happy to open the line for your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I wanted to talk about just kind of the market backdrop and understanding the context that you gave
around spreads and volatility being very low. But could you talk about the competitive framework today
as you think about your offering versus others? And how that kind of dynamic has changed over the last
couple of years?

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Sure. I'm happy to do so, Dan. I'll take the first cut at that. But we're starting to pilot market conditions
index, and I said a year ago on this call that no one should expect the credit trading conditions of last year
to continue indefinitely. I will say exactly the same this year from very low levels of volatility that you also
shouldn't expect these levels of very low spreads and volatility to continue either. And we certainly, as a
more developed business, are impacted by what is going on in the overall market. And you probably saw
this quarter that fixed income trading revenue for the large banks was down 15% year-over-year. So they
are seeing the same impact from the current market conditions than we are.

When I turn to competition, I think there are 2 big stories this year. One is the rapid transition of dealer-
to-dealer trading from voice-based brokerage to electronic trading. And we see that as our competitors.
We also see that quite clearly here with dealers initiating more orders into our Open Trading platform. So
that's been one of the themes this year is the dealer-to-dealer business has moved away from some of
the traditional voice brokerage firms that is now very actively deployed on the electronic trading networks,
including our own.

It has not historically been one of our big areas of focus, but Open Trading is providing an entry point
for D2D training. The second is the growth of portfolio trading, where portfolio trading has grown from
something around 2.5% or 3% of TRACE a year ago to around 5% of TRACE now. And the processing
benefits for portfolios are significant. So given the large number of line items, electronic processing is
critical to the effort. It does not today include new forms of liquidity. It is pure C2D trading. And we are
happy to see progress with clients and dealers utilizing our own portfolio trading solution. And I think
those are the 2 themes this year on the competitive front that I would point out. And beyond that, I think
market conditions have been part of the story, and we're quite confident they will change over time.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

Dan, it's Chris. I would just also mention that we do see differences in protocols in different environments,
particularly protocols that involve derived price protocols. And what I mean by that, if you have a price
forming market, they suffer in low-vol and tight spread environments, where you're driving price from
the market, things like mid-market sessions. In a low volatility environment, you'll see a gravitation to
mid-market sessions or portfolio trading that are using end of price portfolio trades. In a fast market, in
a volatile market, those solutions actually will lose market share. So overall, we've seen in the past, both
portfolio trading in mid-market sessions get hurt by volatility. They're actually feeling the benefits of the
lack of volatility right now.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And then just on the expenses and kind of spending and understanding the change in
guidance reflects more of the current environment. But in terms of the initiatives and the ongoing kind of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

development that you have internally, any change in terms of the rate of spend on those kind of growth
areas. And as we think about 2022, which I know is still a bit early, just the context of the environment
today and how you're thinking about kind of these new initiatives and the level of spend that's needed to
kind of address those?

Christopher Neal Gerosa
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, David, this is Christie. Thank you for the question. We're continuing to work through our 2022
budget, and we're going to provide specific guidance on where that will be in the fourth quarter call. But
as we talked about today and we talked about in great detail on the Investor Day back in December, we
have a very long list of opportunities ahead of us, and we're looking forward to the next 10 to 15 years.
So we are committed to invest in those opportunities and focusing on our trading system enhancements,
the product and protocol expansion, our geographical footprint expansion. So I don't think the fact that we
reduced our 2021 guidance has nothing to do with levering back on those investments. It's all to do with
the variable operating expenses. And as we look to next year, just as a guide rail, I would say that we're
going to expect double-digit expense growth consistent with our historical growth rates.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

So I guess my first question has to do with -- I guess, a follow-up on the expenses. If you did increase
headcount, I calculate by, I think, 5% or 6% and if I back into the expenses, and you stated you're going
to continue to invest despite the low volatile and slow volume environment. But I am getting like a 17%,
18% year-over-year increase in 4Q. I guess is it mainly in head count? Or can you give what's behind this
guidance because we can back into what it implies for 4Q?

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So year-over-year, you need to consider the fact that we do have the additional acquisition costs
that were not embedded in last year. So I think that apples-to-apples, when you strip out the acquisition-
related costs, you'd see a more normalized rate in that double-digit low teens range, Rich.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

And Rich, the other thing to add into your formula, which may be complicating things is our conversion to
self-clearing last year and some of the changes we made globally, particularly in Europe around clearing.
That scales much better into '22. So when you think about our clearing costs, our variable cost of trading
on Open Trading, we should start reflecting a much better scale of growth of expenses on that side.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Got it. Chris, I'll factor it into my formula next time. So next question, Rick, it's really all about the
environment out there. And I don't know what more you can say to give investors sort of either timeframe
or what's typical here on the turn. But I guess that's one part of the question. The other is this regulatory
environment. It doesn't look like it's so much focused on corporate credit, but you got the SEC talking
about a treasury market review, and then you get issues in China, at least on the brokerage side. And I'd
like to hear whether that impacts any of your efforts there in China on the credit side.

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Okay. Good. Rich, you managed to take a 2-question limit and make it a 5-question topic, which is totally
fine, but happy to go through all of those. But the short answer on when do the market conditions improve
for our business model is we don't know, of course. But what we've done is we've looked at the last dozen
years or so, and we pointed out previously, we did have similar conditions in 2014 and 2017. And really
2 quarters was a long time to sit at those low levels of spreads and low levels of credit spread volatility.
So we're already beyond that today with the high-grade spread index sitting in a 5 basis point range all
of 2021 so far. So history would say that we will see a change. As I mentioned earlier, the ingredients for
volatility are clearly increasing.

Certainly, from my perspective, what we're seeing in wage pressures does not feel transitory nor do some
of the increases that we're seeing in energy prices. So there certainly are core parts of the inflation story
that I think are longer term in nature. And you still have the central banks, especially in Europe and here
in the U.S., buying a lot of the net new issuance of government bonds and even mortgages in the case of
the ECB, some corporates. So I would expect that some of the excess liquidity that we have in the market
will start to reverse relatively soon because you still have a lot of quantitative easing going on and you
have certainly above-trajectory inflation numbers showing up regularly now in the data. So that would be
1 sign, I think, that market conditions are improving.

On the regulatory front, we see that there is continued talk about greater transparency in fixed income
markets, which, of course, we wholeheartedly support. We have no idea why treasury has not moved
to increased transparency of the U.S. treasury market given that FINRA now collects the data just as
they do for corporate bonds and high yield. So we would be big proponents of increasing transparency in
treasuries. We're also continually taking steps to increase transparency in European fixed income, as Chris
mentioned earlier, as a byproduct of our growing post-trade reg reporting business.

So those are very much attached at the hip and we think we're providing a valuable service back to our
clients to provide those tools to them. Clearly, Jared Genser has a very busy agenda in front of him.
We see topics like crypto and equity market payment for order flow, retail equity trading high on the
list, but he does regularly mentioned fixed income transparency and potentially some improvements
to the ATS regulatory structure, which we focused on at FIMSAC. And then on China, I'm not sure I
perfectly understood the question, but the focus here domestically, of course, is on making sure that
public companies that are registered to trade in the U.S. are complying with U.S. accounting and audit
rules, which we think makes a lot of sense.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Maybe just on the automation slide and in your prepared remarks, you noted that the responses per
inquiry continue to move higher. I guess I'm just wondering, obviously, the environment is pretty benign
from a credit and credit spread volatility standpoint. I'm just wondering how much of this kind of increase
do you think is secular. I'm assuming you think most of it is. And then I guess, just wondering if you think
there's kind of a tipping point here. Or does this go over a certain response rate, then all of a sudden, the
customers just feel more comfortable executing, and executing in automated fashion.

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

Yes, great question. Our automation growth continues. It's really seen a quarter-over-quarter growth rate,
particularly in 2021. There are times of volatility where it will grow slower, but it's really based on client
adoption and client penetration. And what I mean by that we're really going after the largest investment
fund complexes that need automation to solve the multiple tickets and trading that they have on their
desk. And so it's really a workflow solution.

The increased penetration is really increasing the size that clients are comfortable using a no-touch or
low-touch solution for trading credit. And we're seeing those increases at the client level. So we continue

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

to see growth. That's why it's achieved. Close to 20% of our trading activity is now through no-touch or
low-touch automation solutions. And it's now reached 7% of our total volume. We would expect that to
continue to grow as clients continue to seek workflow solutions, particularly in an RFQ environment. There
are benefits to Open Trading as a result of the adoption of things like Auto-Responder, which is one of our
key automation tools that we rolled out. It's allowing clients to actually participate in responses to other
clients or other dealers of requests for price. So that's -- it's having an interesting dynamic to the overall
liquidity pool.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Second question is also on capital deployment. So the stock's come back in now year-to-date, and
obviously, the operating environment has been challenging. Just wondering whether you have any appetite
to bump up or increase the repurchase program above the stated objective to offset equity dilution or
whether there's no change there?

Christopher Neal Gerosa
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. This is Christie. Our capital management strategy, the #1 priority for us is to invest in the business.
And the goal of our repurchase program was to offset dilution from employee equity grants. And we
have satisfied that during the third quarter. So as we look to what's the #1 investment opportunity for
us, we continue to believe that's to deploy our capital and investing in the business. And we'll revisit
our repurchase program in connection with our 2022 budget. So no change in our capital management
strategy.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just wanted to circle back to the regulatory landscape. I was hoping maybe we could dig in a little bit
further on the corporate credit side and just would be interested in your thoughts there on how you see
the landscape evolving on the regulatory side. And in particular, there's been some noise around this Rule
15c2-11 just on -- I think, initially it was supposed to apply to equities, at least that was our thinking, and
now it seems like it may capture fixed income requirement that may require dealers to ensure information
about issuers is updated, but my issuers are private. So just curious how much of a challenge do you
see that is to fixed income markets, how do you see that playing out? And just more broadly, any sort of
thoughts on the regulatory landscape?

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Michael. It's a good question because there's a lot of industry focus going into 15c2-11 in
fixed income right now. And you're absolutely right. This is a 50-year-old rule that was originally designed
to prevent fraud in equity OTC markets with retail investors and particularly penny stock. So it's been
around for a long time, and it's never really applied to fixed income. And there was a change in the
pronouncement of Federal Register from the SEC recently that said that they viewed fixed income as being
included in that 50-year rule. And it did come as a surprise because there had not been any staff guidance
or really a discussion about the rule previously and no review period before the change came about.

And I think everybody is trying to sort out exactly what it does mean and the commission did provide a
delay of implementation until early next year. And I know it's under discussion and review with market
participants and the commission currently. And there are some antiquated terms in there that nobody
quite knows how to define currently like what exactly is a quotation medium because it does create
restrictions for broker-dealers and publishing quotes on quotation mediums. So the challenge starts with
what exactly is the definition of a quotation medium. From our perspective, we have a variety of protocols

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

and the ones that are most actively used by our clients today we do not believe would fall subject to the
rule. It's not to say that all protocols would be exempt, but we believe that the ones that are used here
primarily would be exempt.

And the other thing that market participants have gotten comfortable with is that the majority of corporate
bonds probably are not going to create an issue, and those are from public companies that are issuing
bonds because the deals that broker dealers are required to validate that they have the information for
readily available for public companies, some of the private securities 144As and Reg S bonds are still
subject to some interpretation, and that's where the area of focus is now. Large market areas like munis
and treasuries have been exempted. So I think when all is said and done, we're going to be into a very
small sliver of the U.S. market that could be impacted by the rule. And of course, we're hoping that the
SEC will respond to some of the industry concerns about really publishing quotes to promote transparency,
and in some cases, electronic trading that should be available for all fixed income securities and especially
for institutional market participants. So that's what we know about where it stands right now.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Maybe just a follow-up question coming back. We're seeing the sort of war for talent in the
marketplace today. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about how you're adapting around that. Give us
maybe a little bit of sense around the retention turnover, any sort of expectations for growth in headcount
over the next couple of years? Clearly, you guys have been growing. But maybe you can give us a sense
around where you're hiring from? And are you guys a net taker or a giver to big tech?

Christopher R. Concannon
President, COO & Director

Well, I'll start. Obviously, we are -- if you look at our headcount growth rate out investing in talent and
investing in particularly tech talent as we grow out our overall footprint and our technology offering. Tech
talent is by far the hardest to attract and to hold on to. We've had historically very good retention here at
MarketAxess. We're quite excited about the retention levels that we have. But the new work from home
flexibility is an added curveball to the overall offering of employment. So we have increased our flexibility
around where people work to make sure we attract the highest and best tech talent on the market.

And that's actually been very helpful in the candidates that we're seeing and the sophisticated talent that
we're able to acquire. Across the board, we've seen great success with our graduate program. So we are
hiring directly from colleges across the country and seen some great success with the new players coming
into MarketAxess over the past few years. So great retention historically. Tech talent is quite tight and
difficult. I would say some of the companies that have taken a very hard view on working from office has
actually opened up our opportunity to acquire talent from whether it's Wall Street firms or the large tech
companies.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.

Patrick Joseph O'Shaughnessy
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I have a follow-up question on the competitive landscape. What are you guys seeing in terms of
competition from all-to-all venues that would serve as an alternative to your open trading?

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Good question, Patrick. And quite honestly, the activity we see away is efficiency gains in direct client-to-
dealer trading primarily, and it does not involve much all-to-all trading in my opinion. So when you look at
the growth in D2D activity away from us, it's largely suites and session-based trading that is pure D2D. I
think the exhaust potentially has opportunities to look for liquidity elsewhere. But certainly, what shows up
on the TRACE tape is 100% D2D.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Portfolio trading is C2D today without really additional participants in the marketplace. So that is a C2D
protocol. And the newer entrant that is getting some media attention, Trumid. It looks to us like -- and
again, this is based on the TRACE tape, but I think all of you have the opportunity to speak with them
directly, which, of course, you should do. But based on the analysis of what's available in the TRACE ATS
tape, it looks to us like the all-to-all protocol is flat year-over-year and all of the growth is coming from
Dealer Direct.

And I -- Dealer Direct is in early stages, right? It's -- when we talk to clients, it's the levels that are
streamed are not fully executable at those levels. So it almost always involves a negotiation on or off
system to get to the point where there's a trade completed. So it's C2D trading with negotiation according
to market participants, some of it process, some of it electronics. So when we really think about the 7
years of investment that we've made to focus on all of our protocols and all of our products on open all-to-
all trading, we believe that our leadership there is significant, and that benefit will come through when we
see higher levels of volatility and price dispersion just as it did in 2020.

Patrick Joseph O'Shaughnessy
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then I want to dig into the Chinese bond market opportunity a little bit more as well. How are
you guys thinking about the TAM of that opportunity? And what else has to take place for you guys to
really start to meaningfully capture some of that TAM?

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Good question. If you look at the pure China Bond Connect volumes currently, you see the
international activity levels at somewhere around $6 billion or $7 billion in turnover per day. Now on the
one hand, that makes it a large local market already with that volume. On the other hand, that's a very
small part, less than 10% of the daily market volume in the Chinese government bond market. And our
view shared by others is that, that international ownership will grow because it's highly likely that the
Chinese waiting in the government bond indices around the world will continue to go up in the years
ahead.

So those that are measured by government bond global indices will be increasing their ownership in the
Chinese government bond market. So it's an attractive addition today. And in our opinion, it will only grow.
Onboarding in OTC markets is time-consuming and complicated as always. So in spite of the fact that we
have lots of clients fully integrated to our platform that are ready to trade Chinese government bonds on
MarketAxess, there is a documentation and onboarding process that we will go through. So it will probably
take us a couple of quarters to get to critical mass where most of our clients can take advantage of that
new offering.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Sheriq Sumar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

This is Sheriq filling in for Alex. High-grade capture rate was down sequentially. And I know you cited
some reasons like shorter duration, rising yields and dealer moving from variable to fixed. But can you
provide us more color as to which of these 3 factors played a bigger role for the decline in capture rates?
And how should we think of the jumping off point for 4Q?

Christopher Neal Gerosa
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. This is Christie. The high-grade fee capture is -- there's a lot of variable factors that contribute to
the month-to-month or year-over-year variability. And as you pointed out, years to maturity, interest rate
environment, the dealer fee plan mix, all of those are main contributors. And those 3 items are actually
what contributed to the year-over-year increase. And if you had to prioritize it, the #1 factor was the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

rising interest rate environment. You saw the 10-year treasury spread gap out, which was presented
on our Slide 4, the market conditions deck. Rick pointed out there was shorter years to maturity. And I
referenced in my prepared remarks that we had a number of dealers migrating from a fixed fee plan --
from a variable fee plan to a fixed fee plan. And all of that collectively, it's probably a 40-30-30 split on the
composition of what was contributing to that $35 year-over-year decline.

Operator

I'm showing no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick McVey for
closing remarks.

Richard Mitchell McVey
Chairman & CEO

Thanks very much for joining us today, and we look forward to an update again next quarter.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

