Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 

NYSE:MMC
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 27, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.71

1.99

Revenue  (mm)

4800.50

5083.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2021 8:12 AM GMT

16.37

5.88

1.37

5.32

5.86

4413.96

18081.24

19068.59

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.13

0.72

1.12

1.71

1.32

0.82

1.19

1.99

16.81 %

13.89 %

6.25 %

16.37 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chairman

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Martine Ferland
Vice Chairman

Peter C. Hearn
Chief Executive Officer

Thomas Scott McDonald
Chief Executive Officer, President
and Member of Executive
Committee

ANALYSTS

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Marsh McLennan's conference call. Today's call is being recorded. First quarter 2021 financial
results and supplemental information were issued earlier this morning. They are available on the
company's website at mmc.com.

Please note that remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain
expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties, and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our
earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K,
all of which are available on the Marsh McLennan website.

During the call today, we may also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of
these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the schedule in today's
earnings release.

I'll now turn this over to Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh McLennan.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter results reported earlier
today. I'm Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh McLennan.

Joining me on the call today is Mark McGivney, our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses, John Doyle of
Marsh; Peter Hearn of Guy Carpenter; Martine Ferland of Mercer; and Scott McDonald of Oliver Wyman.
Also with us this morning is Sarah Dewitt, Head of Investor Relations.

Marsh McLennan had an outstanding start to 2021. Our first quarter results were excellent, and we are
well positioned for a very good year. Even though the pandemic is ongoing, our underlying revenue growth
of 6% is the highest in over 6 years and accelerated sequentially across every business. We also grew
adjusted EPS by 21% and generated significant margin expansion.

Our business has proven resilient throughout the pandemic. And with the global economy now beginning
to turn the corner, we saw an acceleration in our growth. With 6% underlying growth to begin the year,
we now expect full year 2021 underlying revenue growth to be at the high end of our 3% to 5% guidance
range and possibly above.

As we look ahead, the outlook for the U.S. and many of the countries we operate in is encouraging.
However, many parts of the world continue to suffer with high levels of infection, and there is still a
significant amount of uncertainty. GDP in the U.S. was close to flat in the first quarter and strong levels of
growth are expected, starting in the second quarter, due to a rebound in demand as the impact of vaccines
takes hold, along with favorable economic comparisons to a year ago.

Meanwhile, in India, Brazil and many other parts of the world, case counts continue to rise and broad
levels of vaccination remain a long way off. Our proprietary pandemic navigator now forecasts that the
U.S. will achieve the herd immunity threshold by early to mid-summer, and we see a fairly similar time
line in the U.K.

These milestones bring hope for reopening and economic growth, although it will vary by country. We are
also mindful that the risk exists and that there still are many unknowns, such as variance of the virus,
the efficacy of vaccines on the variants, the duration of immunity and vaccine hesitancy. But we are
resilient and are confident we will be able to adapt to a wide range of scenarios, just as we have since the
beginning of this crisis.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Our colleagues are our single-largest competitive advantage. We have world-class talent that has delivered
for clients and one another throughout the crisis. We continue to invest in hiring. We are an employer of
choice for smart, hard-working, talented individuals and are adding to what is already the deepest talent
pool in the industry. We are also pressing ahead with acquisitions. MMA made a significant acquisition
on April 1, PayneWest. PayneWest was one of the largest independent agencies in the U.S., with more
than 700 employees in 26 locations. The acquisition adds nicely to our geographic footprint in the middle
market space and brings the northwest hub.

Overall, we are on track for a very good year. Demand for our advice and solutions is strong, the economy
is recovering, P&C insurance pricing remains firm, and we are benefiting from industry disruption.
Although the outlook remains uncertain, we are more optimistic than we were when we started the year,
and our efforts are focused on resurgence rather than recovery.

At the end of the first quarter, Marsh McLennan released our inaugural environmental, social and
governance report. Truly, great companies must deliver both exceptional financial performance and be
good employers and global citizens, and we are working on many fronts to advance the interest of all of
our stakeholders. We believe that starts with transparency. Our report provides enhanced disclosure in
a variety of ESG-related areas, from how we measure our own carbon footprint to how we use data to
manage our workforce. For the first time, we provide gender, ethnic and racial diversity representation
data at all levels of our organization and workforce maps that track talent flows and inform how and where
we build and recruit talent.

Our report highlights our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workplace. In 2020, we launched our
"Leading the Change" initiative to underscore the need to continuously nurture our inclusive culture and
serve the fundamental principles of human dignity, equality, community and mutual respect. We also
strengthened our commitment to a better sustainable future through our pledge to be carbon-neutral this
year, along with the commitment to reduce our carbon emissions by 15% by 2025.

ESG issues are among the most critical challenges facing our clients today. We are creating solutions for
our clients related to complex business issues, such as climate change, diversity and inclusion, affordable
health care, cybersecurity and responsible investing. Marsh and Guy Carpenter are helping clients build
resilience to flood risk and the documented increase in natural catastrophe perils witnessed in recent
years. Marsh and Guy Carpenter's experience in the alternative energy space has sparked innovation and
been a growth driver.

Marsh designed in place the first-of-its-kind policy for a European utility, which set lower upfront premium
payments based on the clients' achievement of sustainability targets. Oliver Wyman is actively advising its
clients across sectors, including banking, energy, industrials and transportation, imagining the risks and
capturing the opportunities associated with climate change and then transition to a low-carbon economy
through a new climate and sustainability practice. Away from climate risk, Mercer is helping address the
gender pay gap, diversity and inclusion in the workplace, the workforce of the future and consulting on
new normal strategies in the wake of the pandemic. Overall, we see significant growth potential in the
areas of ESG as well as an opportunity to benefit our clients, colleagues and communities.

Let me spend a moment on current P&C insurance market conditions. The first quarter marks the 14th
consecutive quarter of rate increases in the commercial P&C insurance marketplace. The Marsh Global
Insurance Market Index showed price increases of 18% year-over-year versus 22% in the fourth quarter.
The pace of price increases moderated sequentially in the first quarter after accelerating for 11 straight
quarters. However, the 18% increase is still one of the highest since we started publishing the index in
2012.

Global property insurance was up 15%. And global financial and professional lines were up 40%, while
global casualty rates were up 6% on average. And U.S. workers' compensation rates were modestly
negative. Keep in mind, our index skews to large account business. However, U.S. small and middle
market insurance pricing continues to rise as well, although the magnitude of price increases is less than
for large complex accounts.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Turning to reinsurance. The Guy Carpenter's Global Property Catastrophe Rate-on-line Index increased just
under 5% at the January 1 reinsurance renewals. For the April 1 renewals, Japanese property catastrophe
pricing increased for the third year in a row, but at a more moderate pace versus prior years. Meanwhile,
pricing and terms and conditions in the U.S. on April 1 business were largely a continuation of the January
1 pricing environment. Capacity is more than adequate and demand remains high. However, reinsurer's
capacity remains constrained on all -- on certain lines of business, most notably for cyber risk.

Overall price increases continue to persist in both the P&C insurance and reinsurance markets. Low
interest rates, elevated loss activity and continued uncertainty related to the pandemic present challenges
for underwriters. Times of uncertainty underscore the need for our advice and solutions, and we are
working hard to help our clients navigate these challenges.

Now let me turn to our first quarter financial performance, which represents an excellent start to 2021. We
generated adjusted EPS of $1.99, which is up 21% versus a year ago, driven by a combination of strong
growth and the continuation of the suppressed environment for travel and entertainment expenses as we
continue to operate largely remotely.

Total revenue increased 9% versus a year ago and rose 6% on an underlying basis. Underlying revenue
grew 7% in RIS and 3% in Consulting. Marsh grew 8% in the quarter on an underlying basis, the highest
quarterly underlying growth since 2003 and benefited from double-digit new business growth. Guy
Carpenter grew 7% on an underlying basis in the quarter. Mercer underlying revenue was flat in the
quarter, but showed sequential improvement from the fourth quarter. Oliver Wyman underlying revenue
grew by 11% as demand accelerated.

Overall, this quarter saw adjusted operating income growth of 20%, and our adjusted operating margin
expanded 260 basis points year-over-year, reflecting positive operating leverage and favorable expense
comparison. As we look out for the remainder of 2021, we are well positioned given the strong demand
for our advice and solutions and our expectation for an improving economic backdrop. As we mentioned,
we now expect 2021 underlying revenue growth to be at the high end of our 3% to 5% range and possibly
above. We also expect to generate margin expansion and strong growth in adjusted EPS.

As we mentioned last quarter, 2021 represents the 150th anniversary of Marsh McLennan. As we look back
on our storied history, one theme runs through it all. This company steps up in the moments that matter,
at times of war and peace, in areas of transcending innovation, in serving the public good. In March, we
changed our name from Marsh & McLennan Companies to Marsh McLennan. It was a small but important
change that better reflects the way that our company has come together. One company with 4 global
businesses united by a shared purpose to make a difference in the moments that matter.

The challenges before us all are vast and so are the possibilities: climate resilience, systemic risks, digital
disruption, the protection gap, affordable health care, the future of work. As we face this new world
together, one thing will never change, Marsh McLennan will be at our clients' side finding opportunity and
navigating uncertainty in the areas of risk, strategy and people.

With that, let me turn it over to Mark for a more detailed review of our results.

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Dan, and good morning. Our first quarter results were outstanding, and we are well positioned
for a very good 2021 despite the continued uncertainty associated with the pandemic. Underlying growth
accelerated across all of our businesses, and our margin expansion and earnings growth were impressive.
Consolidated revenue increased 9% in the first quarter to $5.1 billion, reflecting underlying growth of
6%. Operating income and adjusted operating income were both approximately $1.4 billion. Our adjusted
operating margin increased 260 basis points to 29.6%. GAAP EPS was $1.91, and adjusted EPS was
$1.99, up 21% compared with the first quarter a year ago.

Looking at Risk & Insurance Services, first quarter revenue was $3.2 billion, up 11% compared with the
year ago or 7% on an underlying basis. This marks the highest level of underlying growth since 2012.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Adjusted operating income increased 17% to $1.1 billion, and our adjusted operating margin expanded
210 basis points to 36.6%.

At Marsh, revenue in the quarter was $2.3 billion, up 13% compared with a year ago or 8% on an
underlying basis. This was Marsh's highest level of underlying growth in nearly 2 decades. Growth in the
quarter was broad based and driven by double-digit new business growth and solid retention and was
impressive considering Marsh's strong growth in the first quarter of last year. The U.S. and Canada division
delivered another exceptional quarter, with underlying revenue growth of 9%. This is the highest quarterly
underlying growth U.S. and Canada has achieved since we began reporting their results, and they have
now averaged 6% underlying growth over the last 12 quarters. In international, underlying growth was
strong at 6%, marking the highest underlying growth since 2013. EMEA was up 6%, with strong results in
each region, including in the U.K. Asia Pacific was up 8%, a strong rebound from the fourth quarter and
comes on top of 6% growth in the first quarter of 2020. And Latin America grew 6% on an underlying
basis, continuing to show sequential improvement.

Guy Carpenter's revenue was $895 million, up 8% or 7% on an underlying basis, driven by strong growth
in North America, EMEA, Global Specialties and Latin America Treaty. Guy Carpenter has now achieved
5% or higher underlying growth in 12 of the last 14 quarters. In the Consulting segment, revenue in the
quarter was $1.9 billion, up 6% from a year ago or 3% on an underlying basis. Adjusted operating income
was $370 million, and the adjusted operating margin expanded by 330 basis points to 20.5%.

At Mercer, revenue in the quarter was $1.3 billion, which was flat on an underlying basis. Mercer's top
line performance improved each month in the first quarter, and we expect Mercer to return to underlying
growth in the second quarter. Wealth increased 1% on an underlying basis, reflecting strong growth
in investment management, offset by a modest decline in defined benefit. Our assets under delegated
management grew to approximately $380 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 42% year-over-year or
6% sequentially, benefiting from net new inflows and market gains.

Health underlying revenue was flat in the quarter, but faced a tough comparison to 8% growth in the first
quarter of last year. And Korea grew 1% on an underlying basis reflecting strong sequential improvement.
At Oliver Wyman, revenue in the quarter was $585 million, an increase of 11% on an underlying basis.
First quarter results were a continuation of the momentum we started to see materializing in the
fourth quarter. Adjusted corporate expense was $57 million in the quarter. Foreign exchange added
approximately $0.06 to our adjusted EPS. Assuming exchange rates remain at current levels, we expect
FX to be a slight benefit in the second quarter, with limited impact thereafter.

Our other net benefit credit was $71 million in the quarter. For the full year 2021, we continue to expect
our other net benefit credit will increase modestly year-over-year. Investment income was $11 million
in the first quarter on a GAAP basis or $10 million on an adjusted basis and mainly reflects gains in our
private equity portfolio. Interest expense in the first quarter was $118 million compared to $127 million
in the first quarter of 2020, reflecting lower debt levels in the period. Based on our current forecast, we
expect approximately $114 million of interest expense in the second quarter. Our effective adjusted tax
rate in the first quarter was 24.3% compared to 23.2% in the first quarter last year. Our tax rate benefited
from favorable discrete items, the largest of which would be accounting for share-based compensation
similar to a year ago. Excluding discrete items, our effective adjusted tax rate was approximately 25.5%.

When we give forward guidance around our tax rate, we do not project discrete items, which can be
positive or negative. Based on the current environment, it is reasonable to assume a tax rate between
25% and 26% for 2021. Our current outlook for 2021 assumes the global economy returns to growth in
the second quarter, with a strong recovery in the U.S. Based on this outlook and our strong first quarter
performance, we now expect underlying revenue growth to be at the high end of our 3% to 5% underlying
growth guidance and possibly above. We currently expect we will deliver margin expansion for the full
year. But as you think through the quarterly cadence, keep in mind we have tough expense comparisons
in the second and third quarters. This view is based on our outlook today, and it goes without saying that
conditions could turn out materially different than our assumptions, which would affect our projection.

Turning to capital management and our balance sheet. So far this year, we have completed our JLT-related
deleveraging, enhanced our short-term liquidity flexibility and seen S&P, Moody's and Fitch restore our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

rating outlook to stable. We ended the quarter with $11.3 billion of total debt, which was consistent with
the level at December 31. In April, we repaid $500 million of senior notes scheduled to mature in July,
taking advantage of a prepayment option. This repayment brought our debt down to $10.8 billion and
completed our planned deleveraging, marking an important milestone for us.

Our next scheduled debt maturity is in January of 2022 when $500 million of senior notes will mature.
Earlier this month, we entered into a new 5-year revolving credit agreement. Under this new facility, we
increased the credit available to $2.8 billion from $1.8 billion. In addition, we increased the size of our
commercial paper program and now have capacity to issue $2 billion, up from $1.5 billion previously. We
view these changes as prudent steps that enhance our liquidity profile and provide additional flexibility.

In the first quarter, we resumed share repurchases, reflecting our strong financial position and outlook
for cash generation. We repurchased 1 million shares of our stock for $112 million. We continue to expect
to deploy approximately $3.5 billion of capital in 2021 across dividends, debt reduction, acquisitions and
share repurchase. The ultimate level of share repurchases will depend on how the M&A pipeline develops.
As we've consistently said, we favor attractive acquisitions over share repurchases, as we view high-
quality acquisitions as the better value creator for shareholders and the company over the long term.

Now that our deleveraging is behind us, we are back to our normal focus for capital management. Our
capital management strategy reflects balance and supports our consistent focus on delivering solid
performance in the near term, while investing for sustained growth over the long term. For the capital
we generate and target to deploy, we prioritize reinvestment in the business, both through organic
investments and acquisitions. However, we also recognize that returning capital to shareholders generate
meaningful returns for investors over time, and each year, we target raising our dividend and reducing our
share count.

Our cash position at the end of the first quarter was $1.1 billion. Uses of cash in the quarter totaled $392
million and included $237 million for dividends, $112 million for share repurchases and $43 million for
acquisitions. Overall, we had an outstanding first quarter, positioning us well to deliver strong growth in
both underlying revenue and adjusted earnings in 2021.

And with that, I'm happy to turn it back to Dan.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director
Thanks, Mark. Operator, we are ready to begin Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

First question, thinking about some of your comments about organic growth. So this quarter, clearly,
excellent 6%. I believe, Dan, you said that for the full year, you could potentially be over the guide. And
you also said you expected Mercer's organic growth levels to improve in 2Q. So if I understood correctly,
then I think it implies that there might be some deceleration in parts of the business in later quarters.
So maybe just kind of curious, were there any kind of onetime items in nature? Or things we should be
thinking about in the back half of the year that could show less positive momentum?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure, sure. So why don't I take that to begin with and then I'll hand off to each of our business leaders, so
they can talk a little bit about their growth prospects and how they looked at the quarter and what they're
looking at going forward. I would just start by saying we've got real momentum right now. I mean, the
U.S. economy is getting stronger. The JLT integration is well behind us, and the combined organization is
emerging from the pandemic strong, focused on our front foot.

New business generation was terrific across the business and in particular at Marsh and Oliver Wyman.
So when Scott and John speak, they can talk to you a little bit about their new business. But overall,
retention was strong, growth was broad-based. On the RIS side, pricing as a tailwind and we are
benefiting from some disruption and flight to quality. That said, Mike, there is nothing one-off or unusual
about our results. So we're not really going to get into -- in coming quarters, do we expect a deceleration?
Obviously, as Mark was saying, we start to get some easier comps on the top line and some tougher
comps on the expense line, but it will play itself out, and we expect to have a very strong year. But why
don't we start with Marsh and John to just talk about growth a little bit. John?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chairman

Thanks, Dan. Mike, as Dan noted, nothing particularly one-off in nature about the growth in the quarter.
I was very pleased with the start to the year. Mark gave a bit of around-the-world view in his prepared
remarks but just a little bit more color. Specialty growth was particularly strong in the quarter. In FINPRO,
in our private equity practice, construction and energy, also very, very strong results in the quarter. We
had good growth in benefits.

Our MGA and affinity operations also had a good quarter. So I was quite pleased with it. I think we
executed well, for sure. Dan talked about our new business. The renewal line was strong as well. We're
very, very focused in what is still a very difficult market for our clients, but I think we're positioned well.
And as Dan noted, the economy is picking up in some important markets for us. There's still obviously
some uncertainty as Dan and Mark both annotated in the macros, but I'm very, very pleased with the start
to the year.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, John. Let me go to Peter for a couple of minutes. Peter -- Guy Carpenter has grown considerably
and consistently over a number of years now. But Peter, what are you thinking about growth right now?

Peter C. Hearn
Chief Executive Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Thanks, Dan. Mike, our model is consistent growth over a long period of time. I think we've demonstrated
that, as Dan said. We do benefit from the rate increases that are going on in the market. But the bulk of
our income is coming from new business wins, and it's well balanced across all of our businesses: from
North America, Latin America, Middle East, Asia Pac, Global Specialties, all have recognized strong growth
in the first quarter, and we see the same holding true for Q2.

Now Q3 and 4 tend to be very small quarters for us. So there's more volatility inherent in them.
But over the past few years, we've shown once again that even with smaller quarters, based on the
disciplined approach we had to new business and the approach of growing in any market condition, we've
demonstrated our ability to grow.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Peter. Mike, you mentioned Mercer. So Martine, you want to talk about growth at Mercer?

Martine Ferland
Vice Chairman

Yes. Sure, Dan. We're very pleased with our quarterly -- quarter 1 2021 results, especially since we were
facing a comparison of 5% growth same quarter last year. We've seen increased demand in our services,
sequential revenue growth month-to-months during the quarter and a return to growth actually in March.
We know that during the pandemic, clients have postponed discretionary work due to uncertainty and also
employment levels have dropped. But now we expect tailwinds from economic and job growth, partially
offset, of course, by the continued structural decline in the client benefit, but clearly, we see a return to
growth for the rest of the year starting with Q2.

In terms of demands, our investment business, investment management business, in particular, with lots
of demand in the alternative space, and ESG and ENI seem investment opportunities is strong. We started
the year with strong inflow. Demand for digital solutions around the whole of business is also strong.
Health has been resilient through the pandemic, and we see lots of demand in our Darwin health platform
and global benefit management. And we've seen quite a good uptick in Korea as well with demand for
engagement surveys, transformation of the workplace, return to a new normal, a redefinition of the way to
work. So overall, it looks like a strong rest of the year for Mercer.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thanks, Martine. So we've often said how Oliver Wyman is a bit more sensitive to business
confidence, economic outlook, et cetera. And their strong growth actually bodes very well for the
company, overall. But Scott, do you want to talk a little bit about Oliver Wyman, and how you see at least
the quarter and the next couple of quarters?

Thomas Scott McDonald
Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee

Yes. Happy to round out on growth for us. So we had a really strong quarter, as you saw. I think that is
driven by business confidence across really all of our sectors, particularly strong growth in the U.S. and
Europe. And the growth was really widespread across all the types of business we do, whether that was
growth strategy, digital or technology transformation, some restructuring and in new areas like climate
and sustainability. So it felt really healthy.

I think, though, Mike, given the volatility in our business, it's just important to maintain a long-term
perspective. And we continue to be able to think we can grow the business at mid- to high single digits
over the long term. In the shorter term, with the current robust demand, the strong new sales, combined
with the weaker performance from last year, we may exceed that long-term target in any quarter and
possibly for the year, overall.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Thanks, Scott. So Mike, I know that was a lot, but I figure there would be a lot of questions on growth, so
we might as well go around the horn and hear from our business leaders. So anything else, Mike?

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes, that was great. And one last quick follow-up. I believe, Dan, you said the Marsh pricing index came
in at 18%, down a little bit from 22% quarter-over-quarter. I think some investors may want to focus on
that stat. So I just wanted to get maybe potentially some more color. Pricing clearly is a tailwind. I know
you said that, but I believe the majority and maybe vast majority of your revenues are on a fee basis.
So I think the beta in terms of kind of sensitivity to pricing, it's not as influential as other brokers that
are maybe more commission-based. I'm trying to -- maybe if you can give any color around how to think
about the deceleration in pricing?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure, sure. And let's just be clear. We're on the client side of the table. So these are -- even at an 18%
deceleration from 22% in the quarter, sequentially, these are trying times for our clients, and Marsh
brokers are working really hard to put together the best package, the best solutions in the circumstances.
John, you want to talk a little bit about commission versus fee and the impact of the rating environment
on your overall growth, just in general terms?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chairman

Sure. Mike, about 60% of our revenue is commission-based, but about 50% of Marsh's total revenue is
exposed P&C pricing, right? So we have commission in the benefit side as well in some markets. So as
Dan noted, it's still a very, very difficult market for our clients in, obviously, an uneven economy for so
many of our clients. And so our clients, of course, are adapting to that. Some in this market and certainly
throughout 2020, we're choosing to retain some more risks, whether it's through higher retentions
or lower limits. Our captive management business is experiencing pretty strong growth as well as an
indicator of maybe how our clients are reacting to the market. But it's still a difficult market. The D&O
market, the excess casualty market in the U.S. and the cyber markets remain the most challenging.

On the other hand, the work comp pricing continues to be pretty favorable for our clients and was
modestly down, pricing was modestly down in that product area, here, in the United States. So the
underwriting community is clearly concerned about elevated cat activity. It was obviously a busy cat
quarter in the United States in the first quarter. They're worried about loss cost inflation, lower interest
rates. But my expectation is that we'll continue to see some moderation of price increases throughout the
rest of the year. Again, I expect prices to be up year-over-year, but I do expect them to be up somewhat
less than they have been up in recent quarters.

Operator

Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first question, digging into another topic, expenses. So in your prepared remarks, you mentioned
continued low T&E in the first quarter. You also mentioned, right, some tougher comps year-over-year. And
then obviously, once we get towards herd immunity, right, we could start to see somewhat of a pickup in
T&E. But can you just help us think through the expenses? Any sense of how we should think about kind
of run rate when we kind of get through COVID in terms of what stays you can guide to kind of potentially
keep on an ongoing basis?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Sure, sure. So at least many companies, including Marsh McLennan reduced expenses significantly,
particularly in the second and third quarter. And as you know, last year, we started coming back. It
had positive expense growth in the fourth quarter because we did some hiring and that sort of thing.
The largest reductions were in T&E, and our view is that will be a gradual comeback. We believe people
will travel with more purpose and more forethought than pre-pandemic, and we're certainly going to
encourage that within the company. We're going to try to get away from the "anytime, anywhere, hop on
an airplane culture" and pause and say, "Okay. There are important times where you go visit a client or
you go visit a market. That's absolutely to be sure." But we have proven that we can operate effectively
remotely. And so we want to create that a little bit of pause and say, "Can I do this via a remote access
like a Zoom or Teams, et cetera." And so it also is important for us in terms of as we manage our carbon
footprint going forward, and it's important for other companies, I think, to act in a similar fashion.

So now one thing -- let's not lose sight of, even though there may be some pressure as some expenses
start to come back, as we go through the year. That's actually good news. That means that the world is
recovering. The economy is recovering. That means business is getting back to normal, that has growth
implications for us. And longer term, we've learned a lot during this pandemic period, and we believe we
can be a leaner, more agile organization. And that has implications. That means that while the office is
core to our culture and is a central part of how we operate, we know we can operate with more flexibility
and more agility than we have done in the past. And longer term, that has implications for our real estate
expense, which are quite heavy. And so I would expect that we'll be able to get some savings there over
time. Do you have another question, Elyse?

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes. And then my second question on the capital side of things. You guys alluded to, right, you did one
deal in the Q1. My sense is that we're kind of seeing a little bit of a slowdown around some broker deals
just as we -- I think the expectation, right, that we could see a pickup later on in the year when there's
certainty around tax reform. So I guess I wanted to see if you guys kind of agreed with that, and you are
thinking through the capital plan for the year? And then did you say where we are in that $3.5 billion as of
the end of the Q1?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So a couple of things, and then I'll hand over to Mark. I mean, overall, just to bear in mind that
PayneWest is April 1. So that was not a first quarter item, it's a beginning of the second quarter. But we
wanted to call it out because it's an important acquisition for the company. We've been at it for 150 years,
and we have been acquiring firms for that entire period of time. Let's not forget Henry Marsh and Donald
McLennan came together and formed Marsh & McLennan.

And so we don't pay much attention to what's happening to the tax rate, capital gains or what interest
rates are because we're not looking for companies to combine with and to join us who really are just
playing the economics. We cultivate relationships over long stretches of time. We almost always for our
important acquisitions are in exclusive discussions with the other company. And we're coming together
because we see value on both sides. We can grow better together. We can serve clients better together, et
cetera.

And so I don't believe that we don't have a budget around acquisitions. We go through our process and
what happens, happens as we go through. But ultimately -- let me hand to Mark and he can talk about
capital management more broadly and what we have available for this year and our expectations of how
we would likely use it. But Mark?

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Dan. So Elyse, let me just run you through. So we still expect, as you said, roughly $3.5 billion of
capital deployed this year, and I'll just run you through the math of how that breaks down. We've already
spent the $0.5 billion that we had targeted on deleveraging. So as I mentioned earlier, we pulled forward
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

our July debt repayment. Dividends will run around $1 billion, and that leaves $2 billion of that $3.5
billion available for M&A and share repurchase. Dan mentioned that we closed PayneWest, which was a
chunky deal. And our M&A pipeline remains full. It's always hard to predict how much we'll actually do.
But our hope is that we see a meaningful amount of M&A this year. But we also expect that we will see a
meaningful amount of share repurchase, at least enough to see our share count go down this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And looking at the organic growth, I guess, for international, in particular, I was surprised that the
strength just given how it feels like the vaccination rates and the impact of COVID is still a bit of a
headwind there. I was hoping you could talk about the potential that the different regions have to the
rollout of the take-up rate of vaccinations and how we think about economic development and it might be
trailing. Could there be slowdowns coming as we see fourth waves that we're fortunately not going to get
in the U.S.?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

I mean, we had good international growth overall in the company, both in Marsh but also on OW and Guy
Carpenter as well. And Mercer had sequential growth. So overall -- I mean, I would also bear in mind
that over the last couple of years, we've digested the biggest acquisition in our history and that had some
headwind with us as well in terms of revenue growth, and we've seen -- and disruption. So we've seen
a nice comeback in places like Latin America and also in Asia Pac than what we've been experiencing for
the last year or so. But the big winner, in terms of turnaround, was U.K. John, you want to talk about your
business in the U.K. a little bit?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chairman

Sure, Dan. Phil, as you noted, there, of course, will be ups and downs on a global basis in any kind of
normal economy. And obviously, we're still recovering and still in the pandemic, as Dan noted in his
prepared remarks earlier. But I was very, very pleased with our performance in the quarter in the U.K.
It's been a bit of a stress point for us over the last 18 months or so. Some of it related to just indigestion
from coming together with JLT and some headwinds there, but we saw a good growth. A lot of it from our
middle marketing U.K. business, but also in the specialty areas I noted before, particularly strong growth
in our financial lines business.

The D&O market, as I said earlier, is difficult for our clients. Very, very meaningful cyber growth in the
U.K. And construction and energy were off to a terrific start. Elsewhere in the world, I think just another
bright spot to point out, we saw very, very good new business growth in Australia. So I was quite pleased
with that. So yes, it was an improved performance by the international team, and we expect continued
good momentum.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Anything else, Phil?

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. Then a follow-up on the M&A discussion from earlier. Dan, you had mentioned when you buy things,
you tend to be kind of the sole buyer at the table. I'm sure there's a political way to ask this, but I'm just
going to be direct, so apologies. But Aon and Willis is going through a transaction, and it feels like there's
going to be some businesses that come out of this that ultimately need to be divested. As I think about

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

your global position, can you be involved in the process, right? Not whether or not you choose to be and
anything is going to happen, but just given your size, is this a process you can be involved in? And can
you take a look at kind of what's being shopped?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

I mean, I think the general idea of divestment would be to satisfy regulators' concerns about having
enough competitors in a marketplace. So it would be unusual for them to look to us as a possible answer.
I mean, we're open to all ideas, but ultimately, I think it's unlikely that we would be a participant in a very
small area in that kind of vein.

Now having said that, there are plenty of very good, high-quality firms that we're in discussions with. And
so when we look at our M&A pipeline, we look over the course of years, not over the course of months,
and we've got a very rich pipeline of companies that we're having discussions with. So we feel very good
about our ability to continue to add to the strength. And I would just use that as a backdrop to growth
in general. Like, we generally feel that underlying growth is the most important measure to evaluate the
health of the overall organization. So our focus is generally on underlying growth.

But every once in a while, you have to look at GAAP. What's the company doing on an overall basis? And
if I just look at RIS, as an example, first quarter last year, we grew a very big organization on a GAAP
basis, 20%, and followed up in this first quarter by an 11% on top of the 20% on a GAAP basis. We are
significantly growing the organization. And on the consulting side, it was more like a 5% on GAAP last
year, followed by a 6% this year on GAAP. So we're having good underlying performance, but we're also
having a much larger organization and growing a much larger organization.

Next question, please, operator.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Most of my questions were answered, but a couple of points. First, on the deal environment, can you talk
about competition for deals, especially sort of small and midsized deals? It seems like valuations have
steadily gone up over the past few years. And then on pricing, you spoke about sort of a slowdown in
reinsurance and a slowdown in overall -- in your index. Can you talk a little bit -- in a little bit more detail
about lines where you've seen the most noticeable change over the past 3 months, up or down?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Okay. So I'll talk about your M&A point, and then I'll hand off to John and Peter Hearn, so they can talk
a little bit about the rate environment in a little bit more depth, although that's really inside baseball.
Ultimately, when we look at deals, as I mentioned before, we're not chasing any deals. Your conclusion
that multiples have gone up over the last number of years is absolutely true. Multiples are higher, which
means we should be more selective. And it means that we should understand the pro forma calculations in
a deep way. Because most of these organizations are private so the pro forma results are far different than
the actual results over the previous years and there can be a disconnect in terms of what expectations are
versus the reality of a performing business.

Now our goal is actually to buy high-quality firms. That's our primary goal. Firms that match our culture,
whether it's good chemistry, whether the leader has planned to stay in the business and keep growing the
business, and there are a number. It's still a very fragmented market, and there are a number of small-to-
midsized companies in which we're able to speak with who really recognize the value of Marsh McLennan.
I mean, we can demonstrate the companies the amount of additional mega producers that are developed
post acquisition by Marsh McLennan than existed pre-acquisition.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

So joining Marsh McLennan is good for the production force of these companies. And that is a --
that's our unique selling proposition. The capabilities and resources of the organization broadly enable
producers to be more successful than they otherwise would be. But John, do you want to talk about rating
environment? And what's been moving around the most? Yes, I think it's pretty high level, and then we
can move on to Peter on that.

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chairman

Sure. Sure, Dan. Jimmy, I covered it before. What I would say is that in most geographies and in most
major product lines, there was a slight moderation in the average price increase in the first quarter as
compared to the fourth quarter.

It was pretty consistent, I would say, is probably the most notable thing when you look at it on a line-by-
line basis and country-by-country basis. So prices, on average, again, went from 22% to 18%. As we've
shared in the past, this is -- our index skews to large accounts. The middle market pricing is more modest
than that.

I think the most notable quarter-to-quarter change was in cyber, where the average price increase actually
doubled from the fourth quarter into the first quarter from high teens to mid-30s. And so -- and as you
might expect, given the exposure environment there, our cyber sales are growing quite rapidly at the
moment.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thanks. Peter, do you have anything to add?

Peter C. Hearn
Chief Executive Officer

No. I would reflect much of what John says, Jimmy. In that, reinsurance pricing has been reasonably
consistent by line of business over the past several quarters. And I think it's -- the capacity is adequate,
demand is high. As John said, lines of business, like cyber, have been more capacity-constrained, but
there's still capacity available at a price. And I think at the end of the day, the reinsurer approach to
our client base has been reasonable, and it's been based on experience and exposure of the individual
client. And so prices, I wouldn't say, have gone down. I'd say prices have moderated, but that's based on
capacity, but it's a function of exposure and experience by client. It is not a broad-based, across-the-board
rate increase for everybody regardless of how you performed.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I had a question just on some of the disruption that the Aon-Willis deal could be having in the marketplace
as you look at teams and hiring? Maybe you could just talk about how that's progressing? And Dan, I
think you talked about adding 500 people in headcount last quarter in terms of strategic hires. I was just
wondering maybe to give an update on that this quarter? And how you see that progressing throughout
the year?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, we expect to be a real employer of choice in the business. And -- but we're a big company.
We've got 76,000 people. So whether we lose a team of 20 people or higher, if 10 or 20 or 30 individuals,
ultimately, it's not a huge needle mover for us, but it's a way for us to build our strength, build on the
mountain of talent that we already have. The 500 net headcount increase in the fourth quarter didn't all

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

come from Aon and Willis, although the majority did. And I think in the first quarter, we're up over 100
heads net from Aon and Willis. And I would expect that kind of thing to continue. This is a competitive
environment, and I do believe working at Marsh McLennan is a choice, not just for companies going
through consolidation but for experts broadly within our industry.

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess just another question. Just taking a look at other operating
expenses, those were down quite a bit year-over-year. I think it was down 10.5% year-over-year versus
basically flat last quarter, both against pre-COVID comps. I guess I'm wondering were there any timing or
sort of delayed expenses this quarter outside of T&E or any sort of other sort of COVID-related expense
reductions during the quarter?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, the comparison is a bit different. Things like meetings, for example, like you take the first quarter,
what do you do when the year starts? You get together and you talk about growth. So that happened in
2020. It didn't happen in 2021. But -- so meeting, some advertising, some use of facilities that sort of
thing. But we're not really overly concerned about the expense comparisons. We were always working to
move our other operating expenses down.

To me, the glory would be a nice, solid, chunky comp and ben ratio and a much lower other operating
expense ratio. That's the kind of thing over time that we want to do. And we have all kinds of initiatives
in the firm to try to reduce other operating expenses as a way to deliver better margin, but also to deliver
better comp and ben ratios as well. And as you know, comp and ben ratios were up in the quarter. And so
that to me is a pretty good thing. Other operating expense is down, comp and ben flat or up. Now that's a
pretty good result, with delivering big margin expansion for shareholders as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW.

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

A question for Peter. You've described, I think, consistently high reinsurance demand and solid capacity.
Does the Florida -- the upcoming Florida reinsurance renewals, does that look any different than what
we've seen so far in [ 1 1 and 4 1 ]?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Peter, right over to you.

Peter C. Hearn
Chief Executive Officer

Yes. Thank you, Dan. Meyer, if we look through the rest of the year, and obviously, June when is the next
big renewal date, I think we have to separate Florida from the rest of the -- of our portfolio because it's a
different animal in a lot of different ways, not only from a regulatory environment, not only from a capital
environment, not only from a capacity environment, not only from a legal environment. So as we look
out into the rest of the year, we anticipate that for the broad percentage of our portfolio that pricing will
remain consistent. Again, as I just said, it is based on individual client exposure and experience.

Florida, obviously, has gone through quite a turbulent time, not only from a loss standpoint but an
underlying erosion of capital due to heightened litigation. What that's resulted in is demand is actually
going to be less because people are re-underwriting their books of business to deal with some of the
spikes and exposure that they have. But overall, I'd say there's more than enough capacity in Florida.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

And for the non-frequency layers and more capacity layers, there will be plenty of capacity. And for the
lower-down, higher-risk layers, pricing will go up. We're still unsure as to what the dimensions are. We're
expecting mid- to high single digits for loss experience, high loss experience, and it's still wait-and-see.
But a lot of the capital in Florida comes from third-party capital, unlike the rest of our portfolio, say, for
our retrocessional business.

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's tremendously helpful. And then I was hoping to slide in a question for John. When you look
at the small account component of your domestic P&C business, can you talk about how that -- whether
pricing or underwriting asset has changed over the last 3 to 6 months?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chairman

Sure, Meyer. Really, in most market cycles, middle market, the small commercial pricing just doesn't
move with the same level of volatility that we see in the upper middle market and in large multinational
accounts. And that -- this market cycle, really the last couple of years, it's been quite consistent with that
observation.

We saw, most of last year, small commercial -- and there is a bit of -- not every insurer looks at the
market kind of the same way, but small to lower end of the middle market, we saw low single-digit price
increases most of last year. It accelerated a bit in the fourth quarter to mid-single-digit increases, and
that's what we observed in the first quarter as well. What I would note in that segment where we do see
more commission than we do in other parts of our business, work comp, though, is a huge part of our
business there. And as I noted earlier, work comp pricing remains pretty favorable for our clients.

Operator

I would now like to turn the call back over to Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh McLennan, for any
closing remarks.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. Thanks, everybody. I thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. I want to thank
our 76,000 colleagues for your perseverance under trying circumstances. These are the moments when
our clients need us most. Thank you all very much, and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

