Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. NYSE:MLM
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

3.77

3.86

2.39

1.95

9.62

10.16

Revenue  (mm)

1353.65

1321.40

(2.38 %)

1065.67

4640.57

4766.28

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 1:37 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

2.21

0.53

2.97

3.77

2.09

0.41

3.49

3.86

SURPRISE

(5.43 %)

(22.64 %)

17.51 %

2.39 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

James A. J. Nickolas
Senior VP & CFO

Suzanne Osberg
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Adam Robert Thalhimer
Thompson, Davis & Company,
Inc., Research Division

Adrian E. Huerta
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Garik Simha Shmois
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kathryn Ingram Thompson
Thompson Research Group, LLC

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Paul Barry Roger
Exane BNP Paribas, Research
Division

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Martin Marietta's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. My name is Jewel, and I'll be today's coordinator. [Operator Instructions]

As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company's website.

I will now turn the call over to your host, Ms. Suzanne Osberg, Martin Marietta's Vice President of Investor
Relations. Suzanne, you may begin.

Suzanne Osberg
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining Martin Marietta's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. With me
today are Ward Nye, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Nickolas, Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer.

As a reminder, today's discussion may include forward-looking statements as defined by United States
securities laws in connection with future events, future operating results or financial performance. Like
other businesses, Martin Marietta is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially. Except as legally required, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether resulting from new information, future developments or otherwise.
Please refer to the legal disclaimers contained in today's earnings release and other filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on both our own and the SEC website. We
have made available during this webcast and on the Investor Relations section of our website, Q3 2020
supplemental information that summarizes our financial results and trends. In addition, any non-GAAP
measures discussed today are defined and reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in
our earnings release and SEC filings. Effective July 1, in connection with us streamlining our operating
structure, we also changed our reportable segments. Our Building Materials business now consists of the
East Group, whose operations were previously reported in the mid-America and Southeast groups. And the
West Group, which had no significant changes. In addition, the Magnesia Specialties business comprises
our third reportable segment. Prior year results have been revised to conform with this new reporting
structure.

Today's earnings call will begin with Ward Nye, who will discuss our third quarter operating performance
and market trends as we move toward 2021. Jim Nickolas will then review our financial results and
liquidity position, and then Ward will provide some closing comments. A question-and-answer session will
follow our prepared remarks.

I will now turn the call over to Ward.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Suzanne, and thank you all for joining today's teleconference. We sincerely hope that you
and your families are safe and healthy. Martin Marietta's strong business execution and commitment to
operational excellence provide the foundation for our company to consistently deliver record financial,
operational and safety performance. As highlighted in today's release, we established new profitability
and safety records for the first 9 months of 2020. Year-to-date, gross profit increased to $927 million and
adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization or adjusted EBITDA surpassed
the $1 billion mark. We have also achieved the best safety performance in Martin Marietta's history with a
company-wide lost time and total entry incident rates exceeding world class levels.

For the third quarter, increased pricing across all product lines and disciplined cost management helped
mitigate anticipated shipment declines driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. Third quarter financial
highlights as compared with the prior year period included consolidated gross margin increased 100

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

basis points to a record 30.6%, despite a 7% reduction in revenues, demonstrating the resiliency of
our business and our focus on cost control. Selling, general and administrative, or SG&A, expenses as a
percentage of total revenues improved 10 basis points to an industry-leading 5.4%. Adjusted EBITDA was
$502 million, inclusive of $70 million of nonrecurring gains. And diluted earnings per share was $4.71.
For clarity, the nonrecurring gains contributed $0.87 per diluted share. These results are a testament to
our dedicated and talented employees who are managing through today's challenging public health and
economic environment as well as the proactive steps we have taken to adjust the company's cost profile.

Now for a review of our third quarter operating performance. Aggregate shipments declined nearly 9%
versus a robust prior year comparison. As anticipated, given the widespread COVID-19 disruptions across
the United States, shipment declines were experienced across our footprint, with the East Group down
9% and the West Group down 8%. Additionally, the East Group shipments were impacted by weather
delayed projects in the Carolinas, Georgia and Florida, anticipated lower infrastructure shipments in
portions of North Carolina and reduced wind energy activity in Iowa. Wet weather in Texas and lower
energy sector demand negatively impacted West Group shipments. In line with broader macroeconomic
trends, aggregate shipments to both the infrastructure and nonresidential markets declined. Shipments to
the residential market improved modestly. Aggregates average selling price increased 2.7% or 4% on a
mix-adjusted basis, underscoring this product line's resilient pricing power.

By region, the East Group posted a 4.4% pricing increase with strength in our key geographies of North
Carolina, Georgia, Iowa, Indiana and Maryland. The West Group average selling price declined slightly,
reflecting a lower percentage of higher price shipments from distribution yards. We continue to see
attractive pricing in both Texas and Colorado. On a mix-adjusted basis, the West Group average selling
price improved nearly 4%. As a reminder, we anticipate overall full year 2020 aggregates pricing growth of
3% to 4%.

Underlying demand for our Texas-based cement business remains positive, supported by diversified
customer backlogs and large project activity. Third quarter cement shipments, however, decreased 4%,
reflecting continued energy sector headwinds. Reported cement pricing increased 1%. While average
selling prices for our core cement products, namely, type 1 and type 2 cement were up $4 over the
prior year period. Lower shipments of oil well and lightweight specialty cements bound for West Texas
disproportionately impacted overall price and growth. As a reminder, specialty cements can sell for over
$200 per ton. On a mix-adjusted basis, overall cement pricing increased 3.4%.

Turning to our targeted downstream businesses. Ready-mixed concrete shipments decreased 4% and
excluding acquired shipments and third quarter 2019 shipments from our Southwest division's concrete
business in Arkansas, Louisiana and Eastern Texas, which we divested earlier this year. Texas construction
activity was hindered by wet weather. By contrast, Colorado shipments benefited from favorable weather
and continued activity on a large Amazon fulfillment center. Favorable geographic mix from robust
Colorado shipments was the primary driver of the 2% increase in third quarter concrete pricing.

Asphalt shipments for our Colorado asphalt and paving business decreased 3% following near record
levels in the prior year period. Asphalt pricing increased 6%, reflecting a higher percentage of attractively
priced specialty asphalt mix sales. For our Magnesia Specialties business, weakness in chemicals and
lime demand began to moderate during the quarter as steel utilization rebounded from June's trough. We
expect continued improvement through the balance of the year.

Before discussing our preliminary 2021 outlook, I'll now turn the call over to Jim, to conclude our third
quarter discussion with a review of our financial results and liquidity. Jim?

James A. J. Nickolas
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Ward, and good morning to all. For the third quarter, the Building Materials business delivered
products and services revenues of $1.2 billion, a 6% decrease from the prior year period. And product
gross profit of $384 million, a 3% decrease. Aggregates product gross margin expanded 130 basis
points to 36.4%, an all-time record despite lower shipment volume. Strong mix-adjusted pricing gains,
disciplined cost management and lower diesel fuel costs contributed to the 6.5% growth in aggregates

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

unit profitability. These results demonstrate the cost flexibility and resiliency of our aggregates led
business. Cement product gross margin was 40.2%, a 40 basis point decline. Despite lower revenues,
the cement business benefited from lower fuel costs and prior year tail investments that have improved
reliability and throughput. For our downstream businesses, ready-mixed concrete product gross margin
declined 90 basis points, 9.7%, attributable to higher costs for raw materials. Asphalt and paving achieved
record gross profit of $32 million and a 140 basis point improvement in margin despite lower revenues.
Magnesia Specialties' third quarter product revenues increased $10 million to $55 million, reflecting lower
demand for chemicals and lane products. Lower revenues and reduced fixed cost absorption resulted in
a 240 basis point decline and product gross margin to 38%. Our consolidated results included $7 million
of gains on surplus, noncore land sales and divested assets. These gains which were recorded in other
operating income net are nonrecurring and should not be extrapolated in a run rate calculation. As a
reminder, surplus land sales were part of the value proposition of our TXI acquisition, and that's exactly
what you're seeing this quarter. Since 2016, we have sold nearly $200 million of excess land that was not
used for operations and did not contain operating assets. While we cannot predict the timing of any future
land sales, we expect additional noncore real estate divestitures as favorable opportunities develop.

We achieved the highest adjusted EBITDA margin in Martin Marietta's history, both inclusive and exclusive
of the previously discussed nonrecurring gains. We anticipate adjusted EBITDA to range from $1.35 billion
to $1.37 billion, inclusive of the $70 million of nonrecurring gains for full year 2020.

Now turning to capital allocation and liquidity. We continue to balance our long-standing disciplined
capital allocation priorities to responsibly grow our business while maintaining a healthy balance sheet
and preserving financial flexibility to further enhance shareholder value. Our priorities remain focused on
value-enhancing acquisitions and prudent organic capital investment and a consistent return of capital to
shareholders while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating profile.

In August, we acquired an [ exits ] and ready mixed concert company in Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex.
These acquired operations complement our existing geographic footprint and expand our customer
base. They also enhance our aggregate and cement throughput to drive incremental upstream value.
We have widened our full year capital expenditures guidance and now expect it to range from $350
million to $400 million. We are exploring additional life-kind exchange opportunities that would defer the
package who would otherwise paid on this year's sizable land sales. Since our repurchase authorization
announcement in February 2015, we have returned $1.8 billion to shareholders through a combination of
share repurchases and in meaningful, sustainable dividend. Our Board of Directors recently approved a
4% increase in our quarterly cash dividend paid in September, underscoring its continued confidence in
our future performance and cash generation.

Our annualized cash dividend rate is now $2.28. Share repurchase activity remained temporarily paused
during the quarter. However, the purchases can resume at management's discretion. With a debt-to-
EBITDA ratio of 2x, we are at the lower end of our target leverage range of 2 to 2.5x. We remain confident
in our balance sheet strength, with $1.2 billion of total liquidity. With our low leverage and ample liquidity
to retain the financial flexibility to continue to profitably grow our business.

With that, I will turn the call back over to Ward for his market trends commentary and preliminary outlook
for 2021.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Jim. We're confident that our favorable pricing dynamics will continue and that attractive
underlying fundamentals and long-term secular growth trends across our key geographies will remain
intact. To offer some specific color on how this is playing out, it's notable that both our upstream and
downstream businesses have seen improvements in data shipment trends since July lows with October
average daily shipments above prior year levels. While we're cautiously optimistic about these trends, we
believe COVID-19-related uncertainty will likely persist through the winter and spring seasons. Keeping
that in mind, we currently anticipate product demand will remain modest through the first half of 2021,
and product pricing will remain strong. As the U.S. economy resets from COVID-19 disruptions, the
longer-term macroeconomic indicators, such as underbuild conditions, historically low interest rates and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

hourly workforce availability are favorable and should support a construction-led recovery. We're seeing
encouraging long-term trends across our 3 primary end-use markets and key geographies, including
bipartisan support for a robust multiyear federal surface transportation reauthorization, heavy industrial
activity to support e-commerce and remote work needs, and single-family housing expansion driven
by accelerated de-urbanization. We believe these trends bode well for a more aggregates intensive
construction cycle than experience during the slow but steady recovery from the Great Recession.

Infrastructure activity, particularly for aggregates intensive highways, roads and streets, continues to
be resilient. With gas and tax sales revenue shortfalls less than originally anticipated, state departments
of transportation, or DOT, budgets are in better condition than expected at the pandemic's onset. For
example, Texas DOT scheduled lettings for fiscal year 2021, which began September 1, and are currently
planned at $10 billion, an increase of 35% over the comparable fiscal year 2020 lettings. Updated
Colorado DOT projections indicate relatively flat transformation spending levels for 2021. And North
Carolina DOT, which temporarily suspended awards for certain projects in response to pre-COVID-19
funding issues and other factors, recently revised its letting schedule upward and resume bidding for
resurfacing work earlier this month. As a reminder, these 3 key states represent over 60% of our Building
Materials business revenues.

On the federal front, the President recently signed at the law, a continuing resolution that included a
1-year extension of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act, or FAST Act, at current funding
levels, which was consistent with our expectations. In our view, this provides state and local governments
the visibility needed to plan, design and let transportation projects through the 2021 construction
season. Over the medium to long-term future, we expect the industry to benefit from the passage
of a reauthorized comprehensive federal surface transportation package, which we anticipate will be
enacted by mid-2021. Both the United States House and Senate of advanced federal highway legislation,
underscoring bipartisan support to remedy the nation's crumbling surface transportation infrastructure.
Notably, both bills provide the first sizable increase in federal transportation funding in more than 15
years. Regardless of the upcoming election outcomes, increased infrastructure investment should provide
volumes stability and drive aggregate shipments closer to 45% of our total shipments, moving us toward
our 10-year historical average. For reference, aggregate shipments to the infrastructure market accounted
for 38% of third quarter shipments.

Although certain sectors of nonresidential construction remain challenged in the near term, COVID-19
is driving a paradigm shift that should promote more diverse nonresidential demand than the previous
cycle, fueling long-term aggregates growth. Accelerating technology, e-commerce and remote work trends
require increased investment in heavy industrial warehouses and data centers, which are generally more
aggregates intensive than light commercial construction due to the size and scale of these projects.
Importantly, we have purposely shifted our nonresidential exposure over the last 10 years or so to be
more heavily industrially focused as we've expanded our geographic footprint along major commerce
carters. Additionally, light commercial construction, despite its current weak demand, should benefit in the
longer-term from the drag-along effects of strong single-family residential trends. Aggregate shipments of
the nonresidential market accounted for 33% of third quarter shipments.

Single-family housing is expected to lead this economic recovery as de-urbanization accelerates.
Prospective homebuyers are increasingly moving from large metropolitan cities to smaller metro or
suburban areas amid the pandemic. Recently, North Carolina, our third largest state by revenues, was
identified as a top migration destination, ranking #7 among states that experienced the most inbound
moves from March through August of this year, according to data from United Van Lines. These trends
extend beyond those moving from one state to another. They also include existing residents opting to
move farther out from city centers.

Across our Southeastern and Southwestern footprint, underbuilt conditions and favorable population
and unemployment dynamics provide Martin Marietta with a distinct competitive advantage for outsized
secular growth in single-family housing development. Importantly, single-family housing is 2 to 3x the
aggregates intensity of multifamily housing given the ancillary nonresidential and infrastructure needs of
new suburban communities.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Aggregate shipments to the residential market accounted for 24% of third quarter shipments.

In summary, as our third quarter and year-to-date results demonstrate, navigating challenging times and
emerging from them stronger are hallmarks of our company. We've executed a thoughtful strategy and
taken deliberate steps to position Martin Marietta as a resilient, efficient and cash flow generative business
that can consistently drive shareholder value creation. We will continue to do what we do best: manage
our business safely and responsibly, ensuring that we're prepared to seize profitable growth opportunities
for the benefit of our stakeholders.

Martin Marietta remains well-positioned to capitalize on the emerging growth trends that are expected to
support steady and sustainable construction activity over the long term. With our attractive underlying
fundamentals, strategic priorities and best-in-class teams, we're excited about our bright prospects for
driving long-term sustainable growth and shareholder value in the fourth quarter, in 2021 and well into the
future.
If the operator will now provide the required instructions, we will turn our attention to addressing your
questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from Trey Grooms with Stephens.

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

And really, I want to dive in first on the aggregates margins. I mean, very strong, especially given the
lower volume. And also, one of your highest priced, highest market states, North Carolina, is pretty
challenged. So pretty strong there. And so what could you update us on maybe some of the cost tailwinds
that you're seeing in the aggregates business? Clearly, diesel. But it seems like there's much more work
here and how do you think about the sustainability?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Right. Thanks for the question. No. You're entirely right to put up these numbers. But as you said, North
Carolina is not at the peak of its game right now. We think it's going to be back to normal, by the way,
at half year next year. But what we've done in this very impressive quarter is done it with about arm and
half time behind our back because North Carolina is down, but it's not going to stay down. And Magnesia
Specialties is going through at the moment right now. But it's not going to stay down either. So what
you're seeing is really a twofold impact, trade? One, pricing was very good. And that's something that
we've come to expect and you come to expect as have our shareholders. So there are no surprises there.
It's nice to see it performing in a resilient fashion, again, when you're close down to double digits on
volume.

But to your point, I think what we're really seeing, even separate and distinct from the energy piece of
it is very good cost performance. And that's something that our team has been focused on. It's nothing
that's new to Martin Marietta. You can see it also in the SG&A numbers. But if I go through and look at
where were we, not just in energy, but where were we relative to contract services, repairs, supplies and
other plant costs. All down. And that's exactly what we would anticipate.

As you'll recall, Trey, we've gone through cycles. We tend to invest very carefully in our company. And
when we were going through the financial crisis in the Great Recession, we did pull back on CapEx. At
the same time, the last few years, we've taken CapEx up. And that has truly been an investment in
our business. So what we're seeing the benefits of is a better cost profile, operational excellence, cost
performance across the spectrum that we would anticipate. And the other thing that's important, Trey,
is the way that we've grown our business. So when we've added businesses as we have in Colorado and
what we've done in Texas with TXI and what you're seeing from excess real estate sales. And similarly,
what we've done with Bluegrass. These have all been enhancing this organization that is truly aggregates
led. And you're seeing good performance come through on the cost side, which again is exactly what
we would have expected. And the thing that I've really enjoyed and I'm so grateful with this team on, is
continuing to show their agility and being able to manage that on the fly and as they would need.

We're always going to remember 2020 as the year that could have been. Because if you're seeing this
type of performance with volumes down, you can imagine what I believe we'd be doing this year if we
were not in the midst of a pandemic.

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

All right. Ward, that's encouraging. And it's helpful. So my follow up. Product demand, I think you
mentioned in your prepared remarks, you're expecting to be modest through the first half of '21 and
pricing will remain strong. Could you go into any more color there for next year, maybe a high-level look

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

at the end market? And does this imply a return to volume growth in the back half or an acceleration?
What's the -- what's your messaging there?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Trey, that's another great question. I would say several things. I would think in the back half, it should
certainly be pointing toward volume growth. I mean, here we are in Q3, which is the single largest quarter
for the industry. It's the largest quarter for Martin Marietta, and we're down 9%. So I would expect in
half 2 next year, we are seeing growth keep in mind, half -- quarter 1 is really a rather inconsequential
quarter. There's very little volume that goes in Q1. The season really begins in earnest for a business like
ours in May because that's when you'll have everything open across an enterprise, including those parts
of the country that tend to be more weather-affected. So would I say on a comparative basis, Q1 would
be a tough compare? Yes. But it's not going to be huge tonnage. As a practical matter, the pandemic really
started settling in as we went into Q2. But I would think when we get to the back half of next year that
we should start to see the economy grow in some ways. I do think that de-urbanization trends that we're
seeing will help us nicely on housing. And I think Martin Marietta is going to be a very nice beneficiary of
that because you saw the data that are revealed even in North Carolina relative to United Van Lines data.
But that same data is true for Georgia. And it's true for Florida, and it's true for Texas, and it's true for
Colorado. And again, when we start going through those impact states, it matters. I think that's something
that's real, and we're going to watch as we go into 2021.

The other thing that I would say relative to 2021, Trey, is infrastructure looks a lot better today than we
thought infrastructure was going to look when we were at half year. So if we look back at even where
TxDOT said, they were going to be at half year as they were thinking about 2021. They were at $7.5
billion. They've got a 10 handle in front of that today. We're looking to state like Colorado. They're saying
it's going to be relatively flat. And we know our third largest state by revenue, and North Carolina is going
to be better when we get into the second half of the calendar year of 2021. Remember, the states work on
fiscal years that in large part end on June 30.

I think the end-use that's going to be the one that's in need to watch most carefully is not a surprise to
anyone. It's going to be nonresidential. And I think you're going to have a tale of 2 different stories in
nonres. I think the heavy side of it, Trey, is going to be pretty good. I mean I'll give you a sense of it.
In the greater San Antonio area, all by itself right now. We're bidding on, wait for it, 6 different Amazon
fulfillment centers just in that marketplace. So as we're looking at heavy side nonres in states where
we have very intentionally built our business. We think that's going to look attractive. So whether it's
data warehousing, warehousing or otherwise, we think that's going to be good. I do think hospitality is
going to be challenged for a while. I think varying degrees of energy on a comparative basis are going
to be challenged for a little while. And I think office and retail will as well. But here's what I would say, if
the housing trends continue the way that we believe that they will, and we believe it's going to be more
single-family-driven. We're going to see homebuilders buying more land. We're going to see them entitling
that land, and we're going to see the drag-along effect probably not in '21, but probably more going into
'22 on the light portion of nonres.

So what I'm trying to do, Trey, in response to your question is, go through those 3 primary end uses that
we have and speak to at least what we're seeing relative to trends right now. Obviously, when we come
out with our full year results in February, then give the more precise guidance, we'll give much more
granularity to that. But again, my commentary saying that this October compared to last October, looks
pretty good. We like that as a data point.

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Absolutely. I do want to say one last thing, though. I think this goes overlooked sometimes by the analyst
and investor community, but I did want to call out the safety record that you guys have achieved. I mean
blasting rock and working around heavy equipment can be a dangerous business. So hats off to you on
that achievement.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Trey, it means a lot to us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.

Kathryn Ingram Thompson
Thompson Research Group, LLC

First, focusing on the cement segment. Could you give more color on the backlogs for this segment,
particularly so you look over the next 12 months? And what does this mean for a pricing environment,
given it was needless to say, an unusual year this year for pricing.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

No. It -- look, you're right. It's been an unusual year. But at the same time, what I'd say, Kathryn is
pricing. If we're really looking same on segment, it's up 3.4%. So pricing in cement in Texas is behaving
like aggregates. And keep in mind, that's something that we've long said we thought would be the case. If
we look at our cement backlogs, I'll tell you, that's one of the great stories because we're seeing cement
backlogs up 24% on strong infrastructure bookings and primarily a large job that Tesla has going on in
the Austin area on some property that we sold them. So again, the backlog situation looks quite good
there. And actually, the pricing was pretty good, Kathryn. If you look at it, the optics, the pricing -- and
the reality of them are 2 very different things. Because the reality is energy sector sales for us, which
are not a big amount of tons, were down 74% in West Texas. So big percentage, but small tons. But the
reason that's so important, and we called it out in the prepared comments, that's where cement sales for
over $200 a ton. So if we're coming back and just looking at type 1 and type 2 cement in San Antonio and
in Dallas, those numbers are actually up very nicely. And we think that that's likely what we're going to
see next year as well.

Now in fairness, we have said that we're going to take cement pricing up in April of next year. And we
have a letter out to that effect right now. And we're talking about $9 in that Texas marketplace next year.
So I think that gives you a sense of how pricing has behaved this year. What has been the mix effect on it.
What does type 1 and type 2 look like.

The other thing that I'll note, Kathryn, because this is important, too, is we have continued to see
efficiency improvement quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year in our cement business. So part of what I
would call out for you is volume is down. But the cement EBITDA in Q3, the margin of 46.2%, represents
actually a new quarterly record. So we're getting it both ways. We're doing it the hard way on cost, but
we're doing it the other way on pricing as well. But again, backlog is up 23% or a little bit over 270,000
tons.

Kathryn Ingram Thompson
Thompson Research Group, LLC

Okay. Perfect. And then the follow-up question is more on the infrastructure side, particularly with state
DOTs. You have confirmed that in -- our work shows that the worst appears to be behind from North
Carolina. Could you just got to confirm what gives you optimism for that, but also looking at other
key states, like Georgia, who is still continuing to move along in Texas and other key markets that are
important for you from an infrastructure standpoint, particularly against the backdrop of how they are
looking into next year.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Happy to. A couple of things. One, Texas -- I'll just go through them in order of revenue. So Texas
has huge fiscal year 2021 lettings of $10.2 billion. We spoke about that just a minute ago. That's going to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

have a multiyear benefit to Martin Marietta. Our backlogs in that state are up in all 3 product lines, and we
see some very large projects coming in 2021. What's important to remember is Prop 7 funding is currently
projected at a full $2.5 billion. Even if we're looking at Prop 1. That's looking at $620 million. And keep in
mind, none of that anticipates Texas having to tap into their $10 billion rainy day fund. So again, TxDOT
feels very healthy even compared to where we were at happier.

Colorado looks pretty flattish. And that's what we're expecting. We see construction activity there that's
being supported by about a $1.8 billion 4-year bond program. 2 years remain on that, and that could
provide an additional $1 billion or more. So we're feeling good about where that state is, again, a nice
improvement over where it was at half year. The North Carolina DOT situation, that you called out very
specifically and appropriately, is improving. And part of what we've seen even in the last week is North
Carolina now is sending out some AA-rated bonds. They were just rated last week. It's going to be $700
million of billed North Carolina bonds. And importantly, the state has started -- or restarted lettings and
anticipates about $1.3 billion of FY '21 lettings, and that's pretty similar to the pre-pandemic numbers
of about $1.4 billion. So again, we're feeling much better about North Carolina. And that's one that we
obviously stay very close to.

Similarly, you asked about Georgia. And we're anticipating there relatively flat DOT spending at about $2
billion. But part of what we think is important is it appears that Georgia is going to advance at least 2 of
the major mobility projects in Atlanta. They're not going to have a '21 start, but they're likely to have a
'22 start. And remember, these are major mobility projects at about $12 billion. And their primary aim is
to reduce congestion along key corridors in Georgia.

And the last one, at least in our top 5, is Florida DOT. And again, we're looking at something there that we
think is going to be very steady year-over-year. Keep in mind, they've got a very healthy P3 program in
that state. So you've got a lot of [ hold ] activity. In Florida. So again, if we look at our top 5 states, and
that's exactly what I've just taken you through, from an infrastructure perspective. Year-over-year, we like
the looks of that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Roger with Exane.

Paul Barry Roger
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

Yes. Paul Roger. Can you just see a bit, obviously, it's a big week next week with the election. Can you just
speak a bit about the potential implications of the different outcomes? And also, if there is a new highways
bill or maybe some stimulus as well, when you think that would impact demand on the ground? Is it likely
to be a 2022 story?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Paul, thanks for the question. It's good to hear your voice. Yes, I would say that we're one of the few
industries that probably can't lose next week. And here's what I mean by that. If the President is
reelected, we anticipate there's going to be a new highway bill. And we think it's probably going to be up
very similar to the Senate's number. That's 28% over FAST Act. And that would be the largest increase all
by itself in 15 years. Suddenly, if we should have a change in party in the White House and Mr. Biden is
elected. The fact is the Democratic-controlled House is looking at a 41% increase in highway spending. So
here's what I would say. If the President its reelected, it's going up and it's going up with less regulation.
If Mr. Biden is elected, it's going up with probably more regulation. And the irony in that is we actually
do pretty well with regulation, Paul. We've got great teams. They are very sophisticated. They can deal
with that very efficiently. So we -- I believe, either way, Martin Marietta will be well-positioned. If there's
more regulation, one of the things that we've certainly seen that drive in the past is perhaps more M&A
opportunity as well. Because oftentimes, if you're looking at a higher tax, higher regulatory environment,
closely held family businesses, start reconsidering what their long-term future is as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

So as we sit here and anticipate what different outcomes could be. It can change the way that we're going
to think about some things around the margin. But in large measure, we think under either one of those
scenarios, Martin Marietta does very well.

Paul Barry Roger
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

That's very clear. And I was interested in your opening remarks. I mean you inferred that this would
have obviously been a fantastic year, were it not for COVID. If you see a situation where we do get some
volume growth again in 2021. Are you busy suggesting there's a lot further you can go on the margins?
And I guess, particularly if some of the more profitable markets like the Carolinas stabilized all global?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I would say a couple of things. One, volume will always be this industry's friend because you're going
to have a certain degree of cost as much as we like to be able to flex costs as much as we can. Some of
them are going to be fixed. It's a big, heavy industry. But I think we control costs extraordinarily well.
Again, I think geography, from a mix perspective, actually this quarter was not particularly our friend. So if
we see these Eastern markets behaving in a more robust fashion and volume hits those markets, it could
be pretty impressive relative to margin. Keep in mind, in the East this year, we saw significant project
delays, and we saw extremely wet weather in what was formerly the Mid-Atlantic division. And again,
we've discussed the fact that we saw lower NCDOT funding. That's going to be remedied. And we saw
less wind farm activity. So if we look at what didn't happen in the east and things that we don't think will
continue to recur into the future. We think that's probably very attractive for our margins. The other thing
that I would say is I would not expect the cost that we have been very good at controlling this year to
go backwards on us. I think the investments that we have made on capital will be our friend. In fairness,
there is a piece of that that's tied up in energy. And there are a lot of things we can control. I wish I could
tell you that we could control overall energy prices, but we can't. But at the same time, as energy has
tended to move upward. Keep in mind, that's also served historically as a mechanism for us to make sure
that we can cover that with increased average selling prices as well. So I do think relative to margins,
geography, it's likely to be more of a friend than not going forward. And I think this is the type of cost
performance that you should expect us to continue to deliver.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Ward, in your opening remarks, you were optimistic about pricing into '21, which is a really interesting,
considering pricing typically follows volumes. And obviously, we're looking at a pretty tough back half of
this year and first half of '21. So can you just expand on those comments, what's enabling you to achieve
strong pricing? And what have you announced to customers for '21 if I got the gist of your opening
remarks right.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

No. You did, Jerry. And I guess what I would say is I'm not sure that there was anything strikingly new
about the observations I was making on '21. I think the primary thing that I just want to underscore is
that pricing is something that we tend to do really well in Martin Marietta. When volumes go up, pricing
goes up. When volumes go down, pricing still goes up. And this quarter, I thought it was a pretty good
because there are not a lot of industries that could come forward with volume down [ 9 ] and pricing up
the way that we saw pricing up this year. So I think that's the underlying theme that I want to make sure
that I underscore.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

I think the other thing to remember, Jerry, is we're seeing that, as we pointed out in some of the
conversations we've had, with that one of our higher priced, higher profitable businesses, not at the top
of their game this year because of what's not coming out of NCDOT. So again, I think we'll continue to
see good price trajectory in large part because we're in really good locations. And I think as we continue
to see single-family housing go up, that's actually an area that we tend to do quite well in housing on
because if you're thinking about people who will at least try to utilize some form of volume on occasion
as a lever to talk to you about pricing. That's typically not the homebuilder because at the end of the
day, there's so many things they care deeply about in the home. But the news flash is the price of crush
stone usually is not one of them. So I think if we end up seeing a new highway bill, we see the volume
that we think will come from that, probably not in '21. But as a practical matter, coming in '22. But we
see a very healthy residential market, and then we see the drag along in the [indiscernible] of time on the
light nonres. I think all of that portends very well for pricing. And again, if we look at those top 5 states,
that are disproportionately important to us. And you look at even what's happened with cement pricing in
Texas. I think that tells you that the overall marketplace is in a pretty healthy spot.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And so we're normally in this type of volume environment, I would have thought aggregates pricing should
be up in the 2% range. And it sounds like, based on your comments that what you're announcing to
customers is more like the pricing we saw in '20 than what I'm describing.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, and again, we'll give you even more granularity around that when we come out in February
because some of those conversations are still ongoing. But again, I think you get the overall sense that
there's nothing in our pricing model that we feel like has been shaken by this strange time that we're all
navigating together.

Operator

Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Ward, on the decision to reestablish full year guidance, I mean, is it fair to say you were surprised by the
resilience you saw in your end markets or maybe some of those cost factors that boosted margins? Or was
it just more of a function of having 1 quarter left in the year? I'm just wondering if you could kind of walk
us through the decision-making process and what you saw specifically that made you comfortable with
reestablishing the guide?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Anthony, thank you for the question. I think part of it is you get deep enough into something that
strange and you start to figure it out a little bit. So I think, candidly, that's part of it. The other part of it
is, Anthony, there's just not that much runway left this year. And we've got a pretty good sense of how
October is looking. Obviously, Q4 itself can have some swing factors to it. And obviously, one of them is --
when does winter really set in, in earnest. It's been interesting, Anthony, because there have been years
that we have been paving almost up to Christmas in Colorado. And equally, there have been years that
well before Thanksgiving, it was shutdown. So obviously, we try to bracket what we think Q4 can look like
from just a volume perspective. We know what it's going to look like from a pricing perspective. And we
believe we've got a pretty good handle on what it's going to look like from a cost perspective as well. So I
think those were the factors candidly that went into it. And again, the conversation that I was having just
a few minutes ago with Jerry and others on end uses. We're trying to give is a realistic a look into '21 as
we can. But again, we feel pretty good about all of it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. And then you talked about some of the project delays that you saw earlier in the
year. I'm just wondering from a big-picture perspective, the pace of project delays or cancellations that
you saw over the course of the quarter. Did that pace -- was it fairly stable? Or did it ease? Maybe you saw
some more projects come back than you expected? Or any kind of general thoughts there?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I would say several things. One, we see deferrals. We don't see cancellations. And I think that's
an important bifurcation to draw because pushing projects to the right is an entirely different animal
than calling them off. So during the financial crisis in the Great Recession, we saw projects canceled.
That's not what we're seeing. So I want to call that. The other is, in some instances, we simply saw
weather deferrals. So obviously, we've had some hurricanes that have come in through the Southwest this
year. And we've had a good bit of rain in the Southeast. But the primary place that, again, I think we're
taking some head of Comfort. It's when we're seeing North Carolina DOT start reletting some surface
transportation again. In some respects, for the first time in almost a year. So when we see that state
beginning to return to something that feels more like a patient, a normal sinus rhythm, that certainly
feels better to us. So we did not see anything relative to deferrals in the quarter that we thought were
extraordinary or surprised us.

And in many respects, what I would say is, from a volume perspective, I don't think we were very
surprised this quarter. I think from a pricing perspective, we were not surprised. And I'm not going to tell
you that from a cost perspective, we were surprised. I would tell you, gratified is probably the right word.
But again, we expect to see more of that going into the future, not less of it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Ward, when you're talking about -- or talking to your residential contractors, are you getting a sense that
they're actually looking to buy land now and build out new subdivisions? Or that they're busy enough just
keeping pace with what they are. And I'm curious kind of in the context that we've heard about a lot of
delays for higher lumber prices and things like that. Any thoughts to what extent that could be kind of a
governor on the residential recovery into next year?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Stanley, that's a great question. And what I think is this. One, they're busy. And busy usually begets busy.
And number two, I do think the shift that we're seeing in the Great American Move, moving more away
from multifamily moving to single-family where people frankly want some space that they haven't had
for the last several years, is going to lead to the necessity of buying more land. And by the way, we don't
think that's a bad thing. We actually think that's a good thing. Because if we look at the markets in which
we are operating: one, they tend to have land; two, the entitlement for new subdivisions isn't something
that's highly difficult to do; and three, the ability to borrow money is there. So we feel like all of that's
important. The other piece of it, Stanley, that we think is important is these markets are not overbuilt.
And that's such a fundamentally different place. And part of what we spoke about in the half year call
is we've seen single-family move around over the last couple of decades. So single-family recovery is
we're really looking at coming out of the great financial crisis, fell to about 70% of starts versus what
had typically been closer to 80%. So if we're seeing it move back to more of a normalized portion of
what we would expect single-family to be, particularly as we're looking at these deorganization trends.
And as we're looking at states in which we have a significant presence: Texas, Colorado, North Carolina,
Georgia, Florida. Those are going to be cities, and those are going to be states that will be growing out,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

not states that will be growing up. And places that are growing out tend to be more aggregates intensive.
So yes, I think homebuilders are busy. Yes, I think they will have to buy more land. I think they will be
in the entitlement business. But I think in the areas where we are the entitlements will not end up being
significant, to use your word, I think, it's a good one, a governor on what housing growth is going to look
like.

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Great. And then switching gears, thinking about kind of the leverage range that you guys have talked
about operating in the past. I mean you're kind of there right now, barring any sort of thing on the CapEx
side. It should be another good year of cash flow. How are you more comfortable given the uncertain
environment to kind of let the cash build? Is there some things on the M&A front that seem intriguing right
now? Just curious how you're thinking about the capital deployment into next year.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Stanley, that's a great question. And you're right. We're at the low end of our range. So our debt-to-
EBITDA ratio was at 2x today. You've seen that steadily come down. And I'm proud of the way that we pull
that down. As you know, our capital priorities have not changed. And our capital priorities are to find the
right acquisition. We think there may be some opportunities in 2021 that we're certainly looking at. The
deal pipeline has become more active here over the last few months, and that does not surprise us. And
equally, the other thing that we're waiting to watch, and everybody else on this call is, too, what happens
in the election. And it will be odd. For example, if we do see a wider blue streak go through the United
States, and we see a higher regulatory regime come in, as I indicated earlier, we have certainly seen that
as something that can serve as a bit of a catalyst for M&A activity as well. So I think we want to make
sure that we keep ourselves in a very flexible spot. Obviously, it's in management's discretion, whether
we go and turn back on the repurchases. We will certainly look at that and think through it carefully. You
did see us, as Jim commented in his opening comments, we raised our dividend in September. So our
September shareholders have already benefited from that. So I like where we sit from a balance sheet
perspective. But equally standing, and I think this is important as we think about M&A. I like where we
sit from a regulatory perspective as well. The areas of the country where we would be most interested
in growing, particularly if we're looking to establish new footprints. We've got a lot of white space, and
we have a lot of regulatory ability from a Hart-Scott-Rodino perspective. And I think our teams have
proven that they're very good at: one, identifying transactions; number two, going through the process of
memorializing it. And then upon closing, pulling the synergies out of it as well. So we're going to find good
uses for that cash, whether it's investing in Martin Marietta returning it to shareholders or finding the right
deal. But you know how we rank those in order, Stanley.

Operator

Our next question comes from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital.

Garik Simha Shmois
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

On nonresidential construction, is there any way to quantify how much of the nonres volume split is
between the heavy industrial piece versus the retail and office, just given the shift you've made more
towards the heavy nonres side over the last several years.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Absolutely, Stanley (sic) [ Garik ]. Stanley (sic) [ Garik ], as you'll recall, historically, nonres would have
been around 30% of our business. And over the last several quarters, you've seen it actually considerably
more than that, closer to the mid-30s. And you'll recall, historically, this was really -- when I give you
this background. This is pre TXI. This is pre River for the Rockies. This is pre Bluegrass. We would have
said it's almost a 50-50 break between light on one hand and heavy on the other. As we've done these

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

large transactions as we've come out of the river, as we have focused our business increasingly on these
large commerce corridors. We feel like now the heavy side of it is probably at least 60%. So it's probably
moved that much just as we've done these transactions. And it's interesting to go back and revisit that
number I gave just a few minutes ago, even talking about the fact that in the San Antonio area right now,
we're bidding on 7 Amazon warehouses, data center projects at various stages of bidding. So the locations
where we've been, whether it's on the I-25 corridor, whether it's on the I-35 corridor whether it's on the
85 corridor or the 95 corridor, has really helped move that. And if you think about those corridors, 95 was
significantly changed by Bluegrass. 85 was significantly changed by what we did with the assets that we
acquired in Atlanta. 35 was significantly changed by what we did with TXI. And 25 was completely remade
with what we did in the river for the rivers -- I mean River for the Rockies swap. So the percentage shift is
probably 60-40 today. But again, nonres has moved to a bigger piece of the pie, in large measure because
infrastructure has underperformed as we've gone through a series of reauthorizations that unlike next
year has not gone up in value over the last 15 years.

Garik Simha Shmois
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Okay. Also, just wanted to follow up on the guidance that you provided for the year. I don't want to focus
too much on 4Q because it's a seasonally slower part of the year. But just given the color you provided on
the October growth. I mean what do you think is driving the increase? Is it project timing catch-up from
maybe some of the weather headwinds that you saw in 3Q? And then maybe just more broadly, how to
calibrate the different ends of the guidance range?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think several things probably. One, we don't have some things going on this year that we had going
on last year. There were actually varying degrees of headwinds last year. So if you go back to it, Garik,
part of what you'll see is we did have some increased grading last year, we're stripping at the quarries. We
did accelerate some maintenance at our Hunter Cement Plant. Our Granite Canyon quarry, which sits in
Southern Wyoming, which feeds that very vibrant northern Colorado market, was later coming on last year
than we would have hoped. And then Hurricane Dorian sat over Freeport Bahamas last year, a little bit
longer than we would have wished. So number one, they actually put some headwinds in Q4 last year, and
we're thinking we're probably past some of that this year. But equally, I think the October trends are nice.
I think part of what we're seeing is some of the work, particularly in Central Texas as Tesla is building their
Gigafactory on that property that we sold them. That certainly adds some benefits. And again, if we see
something that feels like a normal winter cadence, we're very comfortable with what we feel like would be
the midpoint of that range. So if that at least gives you a sense of what the puts and takes would be in the
little bit of the year that's left. I hope that's helpful.

Operator

Our next question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies.

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And congrats on a strong quarter. If we think of some of the policy optionality going to next year, if we get
a stimulus package, this is separate from a longer-term authorization bill, do you see that impact coming
through a little quicker on the demand side where the lag is shorter because maybe state can dial up
lettings midyear and see a benefit in 2021. I know [ 2020 ] is like a year-plus lag.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

No. Yes. I think they can. Because part of what's happened, Phil. If we go back over time, several things.
If you look at the way different states came out of the financial crisis. Some states ended up hiring more
people in DOTs. Texas is a good example. Some states started doing more outsourcing. North Carolina
is a good example. Which means at least as we're sitting here today, they have more projects that are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

engineered. They're designed right-of-way has been purchased, and they're in a position if they want to
go that they can. And I think that's a very fundamentally different place. So to your point, if there's a
phase 4 or if there's anything else. And there's simply -- as you know, AASHTO has long been advocating
for about $37 billion that they feel like should go directly to states to help build a hole that was created
because gas tax revenues weren't there. Now keep in mind, early in the year, they said that hole was
going to be $50 billion. So that hole got a lot narrower or not as deep over time. But to your point, if that
money went directly to NCDOT, do they have plenty of uses for today? Absolutely. It's why they're floating
$400 million worth of bonds. Could TxDOT do the same thing to be sure and could Colorado do the same
thing? Absolutely. Because, again, if you look at that state, they're metering out their bonding activity
over time, and that could simply come in and help augment that. So I do think your point is a good one.
Because most of what we've been discussing to date has been around the reauthorized bill and what the
timing would look like on that. And again, we're saying passage in '21. The real event from a tonnage is
probably '22. But I do think if you got some near-term stimulus, that could actually be a '21 event.

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. That's super helpful, Ward. And then I think the margins in the quarter are certainly really
impressive in light of weaker volumes. But when we think out to 2021, assuming you have a little inflation,
not deflation like you've seen this year on energy, and you get some pricing and lower volumes. Do you
have enough levers there to kind of drive unit economics higher or at least keep it flat? And any color on
the gross margin side as well?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Look, we'll obviously give you some really good guidance on that in February. But I think part of what
we're trying to outline, Phil, is this was a really impressive quarter, with volumes down almost double
digits and our most profitable business with its arm time behind its back. So again, our backlogs, for
example, in Texas, look very good. So I think we can feel good about where that business is heading into
'21. Obviously, NCDOT is lighting some jobs. I think we feel increasingly good about that. If the Eastern
business gets some momentum going into '21, even in the back half, Phil. Yes, that's where your story
would be.

Operator

Our next question comes from Seldon Clarke with Deutsche Bank.

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I guess just based on where October is trending right now. And obviously, weather can throw a wrench
into this. But just based on where October is trending and how you're positioned from a nonresi
perspective any improvement that you're talking to in regards to the outlook for state and federal funding.
Is it fair then to say that 3Q will probably represent the steepest of the volume declines throughout this
sort of downturn?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. That wouldn't surprise me. And again, we'll come out with more granular information in February. But
if we think about it, Selden. I mean this is the big quarter. And keep in mind, this was a big quarter last
year. So this was the beast of compares. And it's always interesting to look at how percentages can work
in Q1. But I would suggest you percentages in Q1 don't mean a lot because the tonnage is so slow. So it
would not surprise me that this on a percentage down unless we see things just change dramatically. It
would not surprise me that this would be your single steepest client to use your words.

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Okay. That's helpful. And then you gave some context around aggregates potentially going from 38% to
45% of shipments with one of these highway bills. But I guess just -- can you just help us understand sort
of the relationship between a 28% or 45% increase in annual spending on -- coming from the government
and how that relates to your actual product demand? If we go back and look at some of these historical
highway bills. It got to be 28% growth. Like how do you think that?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I guess the way that we think of it is if we look at the states in which we see significant population
trends. And really, that's going to be our top 5 states. Where there will be capacity needs and capacity
issues. So if you take that Georgia Mobility program and think about that in more than just an Atlanta
context. And you think about Atlanta, but you think also about Columbia, South Carolina and Jacksonville,
Florida and Orlando and Raleigh and Charlotte and then you start looking at lane miles added. That's
your single most aggregate intensive undertaking. Because several things happen. So number one, it's
taking a lot of tonnage, but it's taking a lot of very tonnage as well. So you're putting base products down,
you ventured putting clean stone in either asphalt or concrete and that's going down. So you're taking
an entire array of more products. So number one, that's actually very healthy for inventories. Number
two, it's actually very healthy for the way that we can run our business. Now can you take a crushing
plant hone it in some degree and produce less space and more clean stone sort of kind of. But I mean,
it's not a science in doing that because it's not that easy. But as a practical matter, if you've got a wider
array of products going out, that would tend to be the case if you have a new highway bill and you've got
capacity that is being added in states. What that does from an operating efficiency and what it does from
an inventory efficiency is incredibly helpful. And part of what we've seen over the last several years is
what would appear to be a fairly significant outperformance in nonresidential. And what I would tell you is
nonresidential has actually been quite good. But nonresidential hasn't been really on fire. It's really that
the public side of it has been slower than it should have been. So if we see more infrastructure go, it's
high-spec material. It's material that we can deliver, and we think in these states in which we're operating
as they add needed capacity, it adds tonnage, and it adds efficiency. I hope that helps.

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. It is helpful.

Operator

Our next question comes from David McGregor with Longbow Research.

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

I guess congratulations on a great quarter, Ward. So I guess -- lot's been covered here in the past hour
or so. So I'll just make a couple of quick ones. I guess, in ready mix, it seems like maybe there's just a
price pass-through issue. Do we catch that up in the fourth quarter? Is this just a timing issue? Or is there
something maybe more structural in the markets that's coming into play here?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

No. I would say several things. One, we saw good price in Colorado, and we saw some mix shifts in Texas
a little bit so I think that's largely what you're seeing. And look, the other piece of it is, hey, the concrete
business paid more for aggregates. And the concrete business paid more for cement. And what -- that's
okay from where we sit because we're providing most of the aggregates and we're providing most of the
cement. And so that's a lot of what was going on there.

But really, if you look at it. Nice 2.2% per ton better on ASP. So a lot of good things that we're seeing in
ready-mix right now. But in large measure, it helps undergird a very attractive upstream business. So it's
doing exactly what we would have thought.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Great. Right. Second question is really just on Houston and in aggregates, you talked about the lower
rail tons going into Houston. Is that a function of just what's happening in energy? Or are you seeing
congestion or any reduced level of service in rail?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, the service and rail has been reasonably good, and it's really not so much Houston. It's really more
South Texas when you get down to the pure LNG projects that are even closer to the border. And that
was really a piece of the mix issues in the Southwest. Because if we have fewer tons coming out of those
yards, as you know, those tons are transportation-loaded, David. So that was really the big shift there. So
it wasn't as much of a Houston metro per se issue. Because there's some very good projects going on in
Houston, including the Grand Parkway. And for example, we've seen a good amount of cement go to that.
And as you may recall, Dave, actually, cement is modestly lower priced in San Antonio than it is in Dallas.
And things that are going to the Grand Parkway are really coming out of our 100 facilities. So we're not
seeing bad activity in Houston whatsoever. It was really more coastal oriented on that commentary.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Ward, we appreciate the insight on some of your tops, important states. But maybe you can highlight or
call a couple on the second 5 or others where you've seen some either positive or negative trends that
might be helpful to help out a little bit more on, say, the volume expectations as some of these macro
events impact second half '21 and '22.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Look, I'll certainly try. I mean if we're looking at South Carolina. They've got fiscal year 2021 about
$1.8 billion. That's up about 15%. So we like what we're seeing there. Remember, South Carolina did
something the other year that was very [ un-South Carolina ] of them and that as they raised the gas tax.
So they're taking that up incrementally over a period of 6 years. We're about halfway through that. So
we're seeing good activity there. Part of what we're really heartened by is Kansas passed a 10-year, $10
billion funding plan. So that basically doubles their funding over $8 billion over a 10-year plan. And we like
where we see that business going. Keeping in mind, we've got a very attractive business in and around
Kansas City. And we're seeing good activity at the airport there as well.

Our business in Indiana -- just to be clear, we call it our Indiana District or we have historically. It's really
our Indianapolis District. And what we've seen in that business and the leadership there has just done a
superb job of controlling costs exceptionally well. I mean they really do deserve a call out on that. But
they've equally done very well in making sure we're getting good recognition on pricing on what we're
doing in that marketplace. So I think Indiana is looking quite strong. If I'm looking at places just to be
completely open book with you on where we've seen more difficulty this year. It's been in places like
Kentucky and portions of Southern Ohio. Kentucky DOT has not had its finest moment this year. And I
think equally, you've heard that from others as they've gone through. I think you would have heard a bit
of that from [ Samit ] in his commentary earlier in the week as well. But if we're looking at places like
Maryland and we're looking at Virginia and Iowa and Nebraska. And as we've gone through those just to
give you a sense of it, Michael, that does round out our top 10 states, which is going to be 85% of our
revenue. They are not things that we feel like are troubling to us as we look at Maryland, Virginia, Iowa,
Nebraska right now. Again, Maryland has a very significant P3 program. And the other states just tend
to be very solid states. Remember, Iowans consumed on average more stone per capita than anyplace
else because they go through a hard freeze thaw cycle each year. And it's a big farm-to-market economy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

But equally, that's been an economy that has been served quite well by what's happening relative to data
warehouses. So we've seen Microsoft and Amazon and others, not just build warehousing, but phases
2 and phases 3 and sometimes phases 4 of that. So that's actually been quite good. The 1 area in the
Midwest that has been more challenging this year has been what's not happened relative to wind energy.
And we called that out on some of the commentary that we had just breaking down between business in
our East Group and business in our West Group. But hopefully, that was responsive to taking a little bit
deeper dive in the bottom 5.

Operator

Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.

Adam Robert Thalhimer
Thompson, Davis & Company, Inc., Research Division

Can I ask a quick question and then I'll turn it over. But I wanted to ask on ready-mix. If you could
comment on the backlogs in ready-mix? And also the outlook for pricing for it.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

No. No, happy to. I mean it's interesting. The outlook on pricing is always a little bit more challenging,
at least in half of it. Outlook on pricing in Colorado tends to be very attractive pricing. Outlook on pricing
in Texas continues to look pretty steady. I will tell you as we look at backlogs year-over-year, they're up
3%. And if you're looking at a very dynamic market, I like the way that, that looks. So again, part of what
we've done in Texas, in particular, Adam, is we've moved a certain degree of our volume in Texas from
infrastructure, in some instances to housing. And I'll tell you very candidly why we did it. We wanted to
have it in a little bit more of it in housing, one, because housing looks good. And two, housing does not
tend to be as weather-sensitive as infrastructure rates. Now that said, housing tends to have a little bit
lower ASP. So we're picking and choosing very much by design there. But again, we think pricing will be
solid. And we think backlogs in that business right now are actually up in the Southwest.

Operator

Next question comes from Adrian Huerta with JPMorgan.

Adrian E. Huerta
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

The -- I wanted just to ask on -- you have mentioned in the past that there was room on recent
acquisitions to increase prices. How far are you on that? Is there still room to increase prices from recent
acquisitions?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Adrian, it's always a journey. It's like safety. We never think we're done. And what I would say, if we go
back and look at the way things have worked, one of the best examples I can give you is Maryland. And
we were talking about just a moment ago, with Michael, what some of the states look like they were
not in our top 5. And I spoke specifically to Maryland. And what's interesting to me on that, Adrian, is
Maryland, for us and the Bluegrass transaction was not necessarily a consolidation play. We had a couple
of facilities in that state. There were in the western part of the state. And most of what we acquired with
Bluegrass that was in Maryland was really more involved to metro. And what we brought to that is a
discipline. And we brought to it a sense of not being ashamed to make sure we're getting the right value
for a product that we're making that meets state and federal specifications. And that we think is not easy
to do. And keeping in mind that on the infrastructure side, stone is about 10% of the cost of building road.
On the housing side, it's about 2% of the cost of a home. And if we look in nonresidential, it's somewhere
between those 2 numbers. In other words, our product is never going to be what's going to make or break
whether the project goes or not. Equally, our product isn't going to make or break whether that contractor
is typically low or not. But at the same time, to do what we do with the skill that we do and do it as safely

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

as we do. We want to make sure we're getting good value for something that's a depleting resource. Now
that said, if we look on average, at today's rates of taking stone out of the ground, we've got a century
worth reserves left. So we don't have an issue of the stone going away. But in a world that we think will
continue to have higher regulatory barriers and burdens to entry, making sure we're getting value for this
product, is important. I will tell you equally, you can see what our average selling price is and it's going
to be in the low teens right now. But there are plenty of markets in the United States where we're selling
aggregates for numbers that have a 2 in front of it. And we don't see those higher numbers having any
degree of chilling effect on construction in those markets. So this has been an area for our company that
has been one of strength for a long time.

Back to my point, this continues to be a journey. I think it's going to be an area of strength for years yet
to come, Adrian.

And thank you all for joining our third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Moving forward, we're
confident in Martin Marietta's opportunities to build on our successful track record of strong financial,
safety and operational performance and remain focused on maximizing value for all shareholders.

We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results in February. As always, we're
available for any follow-up questions. Thank you for your time and continued support of Martin Marietta.
Please stay safe and healthy.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

