McCormick & Company, Incorporated 

NYSE:MKC
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, September 29, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

1.52

1.53

Revenue  (mm)

1392.04

1430.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-25-2020 5:06 AM GMT

0.66

2.75

1.71

5.76

-

5.66

1529.08

5531.34

5561.30

5546.04

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

1.61

1.03

1.16

1.52

1.61

1.08

1.47

1.53

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

0.00 %

4.85 %

26.72 %

0.66 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Presentation

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for
joining today's third quarter earnings call.

To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions]

We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive
Vice President and CFO.

During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in
constant currency as well as adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings
per share that exclude the impact of special charges and for 2019, the net nonrecurring benefit associated
with the U.S. Tax Act.

Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our
comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information.

In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking
statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes
no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new
information, future events or other factors. It is important to note these statements include expectations
and assumptions, which will be shared related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As seen on Slide
2, our forward-looking statements also provide information on risk factors including the impact of the
COVID-19 that could affect our financial results.

It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. The last few months have been an
extraordinary period, and the COVID-19 situation continues to evolve daily. I'm incredibly proud of the
way McCormick has performed in this unprecedented operating environment.

Starting on Slide 4, let me highlight a few points on the current conditions we're seeing and their potential
impact. First, in our consumer segment around the world, we are experiencing strong sustained consumer
demand, which is real incremental consumption and reflects the trend of consumers cooking more at
home. In China, which is viewed as a leading indicator since their COVID-19 recovery is ahead of the rest
of the world, the demand for food at home continues to be very strong. We see the same in Europe and of
course, in the Americas. The significant shift to consumers eating more at home is persisting long enough
that it has become a habit.

Our proprietary consumer survey data, supported by other research, indicates a majority of consumers
are cooking more from scratch, enjoying the cooking experience and adding flavor to their meal occasions.
These new behaviors, coupled with some consumer discomfort of dining out, are driving an increased and
sustained preference for cooking at home. We believe this will continue globally, and thus further benefit
our consumer segment.

Turning to our flavor solutions segment, where we have a very diverse customer portfolio, we are seeing
varying stages of recovery. Starting with the away-from-home portion of the segment, with our quick
service restaurant customers or QSRs, we are seeing strong signs of recovery. Their business models were
already oriented to drive-through or carry-out, not dining in. In China, QSR traffic has returned to near-
normal levels, and limited time offers and promotions are driving demand. In the rest of the APZ region as
well as EMEA and Americas, the focus has been on core menu items.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

So moving into the fourth quarter, we see limited time offerings beginning to resume.

Across the rest of foodservice, while it has shown signs of recovery since our second quarter, the pace is
much slower and varies by channel and market. As we have previously mentioned, we expect the recovery
in this area of the business to be more gradual and take time, likely years, as restaurants and other
foodservice venues, such as stadiums and cafeterias, continue to be largely closed or operating under
capacity limitation. Consumers are reluctant to dine out, and the restaurant industry has experienced
significant pain.

From a food-at-home perspective, our flavor solutions growth varies by packaged food customer, but
overall, we are returning to pre-COVID-19 levels, as expected. New product opportunities, which had
slowed during the crisis and had been more focused on expansion of the core, are beginning to gain
increased momentum, and we're excited about their contribution to growth next year. In summary, for our
Total Flavor Solutions segment, business is gradually rebounding, though not yet to 2019 levels.

Moving to our global supply chain. Coming into the crisis, there was more finished goods inventory in the
system, both for us and our customers, which was depleted early in the crisis. The sustained elevated
level of demand, coupled with our added employee safety measures, has challenged our manufacturing
operations.

Service has been stressed in some areas, and inventory replenishment will take some time. The real
pressure has been on our U.S. manufacturing operations, that we've had to suspend or curtail production
of some secondary products to meet demand for our top-selling products.

While the rest of the world is also experiencing elevated consumer demand, they've not experienced
the same level of manufacturing pressure, given the capacity and capabilities we've built outside of the
Americas in the past few years.

In EMEA, where our supply chain is very well positioned to meet demand, we've gained distribution as
other manufacturers have faced challenges.

For the Americas, as we said on our earnings call in June, we are expanding our workforce and increasing
manufacturing capacity through optimized scheduling and investments, particularly around blending
capacity as well as scaling up partnerships with third-party manufacturers.

To be clear, this added capacity is still ramping up. This capacity just started to come online in August
and will continue to ramp up over the next few months and is targeted to be completely in place by the
end of the calendar year. And by then, we will have added the equivalent of an additional plant for U.S.
manufacturing capacity.

Of course, with this rapid scale-up, there are extra costs and short-term inefficiencies, but we're confident
we're implementing efficient long-term solutions. The investments we are making are not to estimate the
higher demand for the balance of 2020 but to strengthen our supply chain resiliency longer term and to
support the Americas consumer growth we anticipate continuing into next year, driven by both sustained
demand as well as retailer inventory replenishment.

We're making good progress. Our service levels continue to improve, and we're confident in our
capabilities and ability to meet demand, particularly during the holiday season.

We're positioning ourselves for continued success. I want to thank our supply chain employees for
their remarkable efforts as well as our suppliers and customers for their partnership in this challenging
environment.

The positive fundamentals we have in place have enabled us to manage through this period of volatility.
The investments we've made and the capabilities we've built, combined with our strong business model,
prepared us to execute from a position of strength. As the crisis subsides, we will emerge an even better
company by driving our long-term strategies, responding to changing consumer behavior and capitalizing
on opportunities from our relative strength.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Now I'd like to focus on our third quarter performance, business updates on our consumer and flavor
solutions segments and our 2-for-1 stock split announcement.

As seen on Slide 6, we have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio, which continues to position
us to meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. The breadth and reach of our
portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers and product offerings creates a balanced
portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in a volatile environment as evidenced by our third
quarter results.

During the third quarter, the shift in consumer behavior to cooking is eating more at home for at-home
consumption drove a substantial increase in our consumer segment demand as well as increases with our
packaged food company customers in our flavor solutions segment. On the other hand, we experienced
a decline in demand from our restaurant and other foodservice customers from the away-from-home
products in our portfolio, which historically has represented approximately 20% of our total annual
company sales.

The impact of the shift to more at-home consumption varies by region due to the different levels of
away-from-home consumption in each as seen on Slide 6 as well as the pace of each region's COVID-19
recovery. Taken together, these impacts continue to demonstrate the strength and diversity of our
offerings.

While we may experience temporary disruptions in parts of our business, underlying consumer demand
continues to underpin our growth.

Let me cover the highlights of our third quarter, which were broadly in line with the trends we discussed
in our earnings call in June, starting with our top line. Third quarter sales increased 8% from the year
ago period. In constant currency, sales grew 9%, mainly attributable to significantly higher volume and
product mix in our consumer segment, with a partial offset from a low single-digit decline in our flavor
solutions segment.

Adjusted operating income increased 5% including a 1% unfavorable impact from currency. These results
were driven by higher sales, favorable mix, primarily driven by the sales mix between segments and CCI-
led cost savings, partially offset by higher costs including those related to COVID-19.

Our third quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.53, 5% higher than the year ago period of $1.46,
driven primarily by our strong operating performance. With one quarter left in the year, we have resumed
guidance and expect to deliver another year of strong profitable growth. Our results continue to be driven
by the engagement of our employees and the successful execution of our strategy, and we are confident in
our 2020 outlook, which will be covered in detail in a few moments.

Now let me spend a few minutes on our business segment update. Turning on Slide 8 with our consumer
segment. Sales rose 15% with minimal impact from currency, fueled by the change in consumer behavior.
Research and trend data shows that not only our consumers are cooking more at home, they are enjoying
it, both from a flavor and family experience and have even accelerated their use of spices, seasonings
and condiments as the pandemic has progressed. Additionally, as at home consumption from restaurant
carryout and delivery is increasing, many consumers are adding flavor with spices, sauces or condiments
they have at home. We believe these trends will last beyond the COVID-19 pandemic and drive continued
growth.

Our Americas constant currency sales growth was 17% in the third quarter. Our total McCormick U.S.
branded portfolio, as indicated in our IRI consumption data, grew 28%, which is substantial and reflects
the strength of our categories as consumers cook more at home.

Our sales increase was lower than the U.S. IRI consumption growth attributable to a few factors. First, the
service level pressures and product allocation from the supply chain challenges I mentioned previously.
Next, the timing of the holiday program we offer retailers. We generally offer the program during our
third quarter to encourage early in-store display and merchandising of holiday product. The impact of this
program was included in our third quarter shipments in 2019. In 2020 though, with the elevated level of
demand and focus on keeping core items on shelf, a portion of retailer purchases for this program has

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

shifted to our fourth quarter. Notwithstanding this shift, we still expect another year of strong holiday
execution. And lastly, increased level of pricing growth in the scanner data due to curtailed third quarter
promotions and a channel shift with grocery outpacing mass merchandisers and club stores.

Focusing on the U.S. branded portfolio, consumption in all key categories grew at a double-digit rate in the
third quarter with the majority of our categories continuing to outpace the total store and center of store
growth rates. In fact, consumption in our portfolio during the third quarter grew 2.5x the center of store
rate, which is an increase from the comparison in the second quarter. While we do not expect consumption
to continue at the highly elevated level of our third quarter, we do expect continued and long-lasting
growth from the increase in consumers cooking at home. The most recent IRI scanner sales data for the
week ended September 13 showed McCormick U.S. branded portfolio consumption still growing over 20%
with continued strength in spices and seasonings.

We gained share in 7 out of 11 categories during the third quarter, those which were less impacted by
supply constraints, including hot sauces, stocks and broth, barbecue sauce, wet marinade and Asian
products. While there was noise in the third quarter share numbers for categories impacted by supply,
such as spices and seasonings, dry recipe mixes and mustard, on a year-to-date basis, we're relatively flat
for gaining share in those categories, too.

New products launched earlier in the year, such as Frank's RedHot thick sauces, OLD BAY Hot Sauce and
Stubb's reduced-sugar Bar-B-Q sauce have continued to get exceptional trial and contributed to the third
quarter growth. The sell-in of our second half new product launches, however, has been slowed due to the
focus on keeping core items on retail shelves, and these launches will now be further opportunities to fuel
growth next year.

A strong performance across household penetration and rate of repeat buyers continued in the third
quarter across our portfolio. Our household penetration rate increased 8% compared to last year, driving a
significant amount of trial for millions of new households across multiple categories.

Spices and seasonings, dry recipe mixes and hot sauces had the biggest gain. But even smaller brands like
Simply Asia and Thai Kitchen grew significantly, and the rate of repeat buyers increased 7% during the
quarter with double-digit repeat rates in many categories.

These metrics increasing significantly, both in our second quarter and third quarter, indicates a high level
of usage and speaks to the stickiness of our product. Consumers are coming into our brands, having
a good experience and buying our products again. With our high level of effective brand marketing
investments, including planned increases in the fourth quarter and our initiatives to deepen our digital
connection with consumers, we're capitalizing on the opportunity to build long-term brand equity after trial
and increased usage by existing consumer.

We're continuing to design targeted media messaging focused on cooking at home, seeking consumers
have used our products and providing the flavor inspiration. And as the younger generation continues to
fuel the demand for flavor and everyone has accelerated their online presence, we're executing on creative
ways to connect with them.

For instance, one way we are connecting with consumers is by helping them discover new ways to enjoy
time honored tradition. Take tailgating, for example, with football season now in full swing, we partnered
with former New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning to create the largest virtual home gating experience,
letting lucky fans interact with Eli to learn about his favorite Frank's RedHot flavored snacks. The recent
event garnered over 750 million media impressions across digital media platform.

Moving from the football season to the holiday season. Our fourth quarter is an important one from a
seasonal standpoint. Our consumer's holiday dinners may be more important than ever this year, and
we're excited about helping make them memorable flavor experiences.

In terms of brand marketing, we're launching a holiday version of our It's Gonna Be Great campaign,
which recognizes that celebrations might be different this year in addition to our normal holiday promotion
activities. And from a supply chain standpoint, we're protecting our top-selling holiday products. We have
confidence that we are well positioned for a successful holiday season.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Our portfolio and the plans we have in place are even more relevant today than they were before the
crisis as we expect the increase in at-home cooking to persist. We will continue to drive our category
leadership and growth momentum through strong brand marketing, category management initiatives and
new product innovation.

Now turning to EMEA. Our constant currency sales rose 23% with broad-based growth across the region.
Our largest markets drove double-digit total branded consumption growth with market share gains across
the region in our key categories. Importantly, we gained total EMEA region share in spices and seasonings
and dry recipe mixes. Spices and seasonings consumption was strong in all markets, driven by consumers
cooking more at home and discovering they need our products for great tasting, healthy flavor solutions.

Our brand marketing campaign highlighting our product superiority and culinary partnerships coupled
with pivoting our digital messages based on real-time consumer insights, the topics most relevant to
consumers and formats that resonate the most are driving spices and seasoning momentum.

In the U.K., our Schwartz brand-new dry recipe mixes, such as One Pan meal seasoning operate
convenience and natural urban spice ones for vegetarian options are attracting younger consumers to the
category and driving new distribution gains as well as category growth.

We achieved the leading U.K. market share position in dry recipe mixes at the beginning of the year,
and we continue to gain significant market share in the third quarter. And with the momentum in baking
continuing, combined with successful new product launches, we again had exceptional consumption
growth in our Vahiné brand in France, outpacing the home-made desserts category and gaining share.
Notably, Frank's RedHot turned up the heat during the third quarter with over 40% consumption growth,
driven partly by a successful digital grilling campaign as well as new distribution. We're gaining millions of
new households and driving repeat purchases.

Our household penetration increased significantly across our major brands and markets during the third
quarter compared to last year with double-digit growth percentages in both the U.K. and France spices
and seasonings category as well as in the U.K. dry recipe mixes and France homemade desserts category.
And our rate of repeat buyers in these markets and categories also grew by double digits.

Our strong brand marketing and digital campaigns, which we have increased in EMEA, provide us with
confidence we will continue growing with our new consumers we are welcoming to our brands as well as
our existing valued consumer.

Moving forward in EMEA, we'll continue to capture the momentum we've gained and are excited with our
growth trajectory following challenging market conditions over the past few years.

In the Asia/Pacific region, our constant currency sales declined 6%, driven by declines in branded
foodservice products, which are included in our consumer segment in China. Excluding those impacts,
sales for the region would have increased, reflecting the increase in consumer demand across the region
related to more cooking at home.

In China, our consumer as a business growth was strong driven by consumers' demand for convenient
solutions, fueling our growth of recipe mixes as well as world flavor and hotpot sauces. Continued
momentum in condiments also contributed to growth. In other parts of the region, we have broad-based
growth, led by Australia's strong consumption and share growth in branded spices and seasonings,
particularly in Gourmet Garden, with high double-digit rates of new consumers and repeat buyers and
Frank's RedHot with over 50% growth during the pandemic.

Finally, in all regions, consumer's digital engagement has increased significantly as we continued to
experience accelerated e-commerce growth in all categories, whether it be pure-play, click and collect or
our own direct-to-consumer properties. The pace of growth has slowed from the second quarter, which is
heavily impacted by more extensive stay-at-home periods, but we again drove triple-digit growth in the
third quarter as well as increasing our market share in several markets.

We expect the shift to online shopping behavior to continue, and we're well positioned for through the
investments we've made and continue to make in this channel.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Our consumer growth plans based on our strategy have been in place since the beginning of the year, and
we're yielding results before the crisis, and we've been able to leverage our initiatives to capitalize on the
opportunity to help our consumers during this time and strengthen our category leadership position, which
further bolsters our confidence that we will drive future growth.

Turning to Slide 10 in our flavor solutions segment. Our sales performance improved substantially from
our second quarter constant currency decline of 16%. Our third quarter constant currency sales were
1% lower than last year, attributable to lower demand from restaurants and other foodservice customers
in our Americas and EMEA regions, driven by the decline in away-from-home consumption, almost fully
offsetting this lower demand was continued growth in sales to our packaged food customer across all
regions as well as strong sales growth to quick service restaurants in China.

In the Americas, our sales declined 3% in constant currency, driven by demand declines across both
branded foodservice and restaurant customers, with the branded foodservice impact more significant as
our away-from-home customer base in the Americas is skewed more to that channel.

We're continuing to work with our customers impacted by away-from-home consumption declines to
manage through their recovery efforts. With our customer intimacy approach, we are collaborating to
provide solutions, such as menu simplification and optimization, branded portion control packaging for
dining in and carryout and condiment dispensing solutions for foodservice operations. We're building
menu excitement with strong promotions, leveraging the power of our brands, driving wins for both our
customer and us. We're excited about new distribution gains as well as upcoming menu participation and
limited time offers as the recovery momentum continues.

In EMEA, our sales rose 1% in constant currency, a significant rebound from a 31% decline in our second
quarter. Our away-from-home customer base in this region is skewed more to QSR, and in the third
quarter as they reopened with adapted operating model and resumed limited dine-in options, our demand
from these customers rebounded, although still modestly below the third quarter of last year. The recovery
with other foodservice customers also began in the third quarter as COVID-19 restrictions eased, although
as expected, slower and not to the same extent as QSR.

Turning to our at-home customer base. We had strong growth in our flavor sales to packaged food
companies similar to pre-COVID-19 levels, driven by the strength in their core iconic products as well
as momentum from new products launched at the beginning of the year. We're advantaged by our
differentiated customer engagement in this evolving environment, which has driven continued wins with
our EMEA flavored solutions customer, whether it be quickly scaling up to meet aggressive recovery plans,
collaborating on opportunities or managing through demand volatility, we're responding with speed and
agility and further strengthening our customer relationships.

In the Asia/Pacific region, our constant currency sales grew 7%, driven by China and Australia's growth
with QSR customers. During the third quarter, QSRs in these countries were largely open, and we are
seeing momentum gains in the core business and limited time offers and our customers' promotional
activities. Government-imposed COVID-19 restrictions and reduced levels of limited time offers continue to
curtail growth in parts of the region.

For the balance of the year, we expect a reduced level of our customers' limited time offers and
promotional activities versus last year to impact growth. We continue across all regions to be fully
committed to helping our customers manage through the COVID-19 recovery phase, of which the
duration is still uncertain. The slow and evolving recovery process is dependent on many factors including
restrictions being lifted, venues fully reopening and possible resurgences. We have positive fundamentals
in place to navigate through this period of volatility. And we remain confident in the successful execution
of our strategies, driving long-term growth trajectory in flavor solutions.

Now before turning it over to Mike and beginning on Slide 11, I'd like to mention the stock split we
announced this morning and provide a few summary comments, including on our 2020 outlook.

I'm pleased with our announcement this morning of a 2-for-1 stock split, reflecting our sustained positive
performance and outlook for continued growth. It has been 18 years since the last split of stock, which

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

was in 2002, when the pre-split share price was $52.32. We believe this will provide greater liquidity and
be appreciated by individual investors and employees.

And now, in summary, as the foundation of our sales growth is the global demand for flavor, we're
capitalizing on the growing consumer interest in healthy, flavorful cooking, heritage brands and digital
engagement. These long-term trends have not only remained intact during the crisis, they have
accelerated, and our alignment with them positions us well to meet increased consumer demand, both
through our products and our customers' products.

We are driving sales growth balanced with our focus on lowering cost to expand margins and sustainably
realize earnings growth. We have a solid foundation and in an environment that continues to be dynamic
and fast paced, we are ensuring we remain agile, relevant and focused on long-term sustainable growth.

We have delivered outstanding year-to-date results during the period of great disruption, proving the
strength of our business model. Our strategies are effective and reinforcing our confidence they will
continue to drive future growth.

Our 2020 outlook, which Mike will discuss in detail in a few moments, reflects the strength of our year-to-
date performance and the momentum we are carrying into our fourth quarter and 2021. We are exceeding
the objectives we had in place at the beginning of the year, delivering stronger sales and underlying
operating performance, more importantly, also ensuring the health and safety of our employees, investing
in our supply chain resiliency to meet growth we expect in 2021, recognizing the exceptional performance
of our people throughout the COVID-19 crisis and supporting our communities through relief efforts. Our
growth expectations reflect our confidence in the sustainability of higher at-home consumption trends.

As we look towards fiscal 2021, we expect constant currency organic sales growth in both of our segments
on top of the outstanding consumer segment growth this year. I want to recognize McCormick employees
around the world for driving our momentum and success and thank them for their efforts, engagement
and for adapting to this new environment.

It is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin now by providing some additional comments on
our third quarter performance and then our financial outlook for the balance of the year.

Starting on Slide 14, during the third quarter, sales rose 9% in constant currency. Sales growth was driven
by substantially higher volume and mix in our consumer segment, partially offset by lower volume and
mix in our flavor solutions segment, pricing to partially offset cost inflation also contributed favorably to
both segments.

Consumer segment sales grew 15% in constant currency, led by the Americas and EMEA regions. The shift
to at-home consumption and cooking more at home as well as consumers adding flavor at home to their
restaurant carryout and delivery has driven substantial demand for our consumer products, driving higher
volume and mix in these regions.

On Slide 15, consumer segment sales in the Americas increased 17% in constant currency versus the
third quarter of 2019. The increase was driven by significant growth across our branded portfolio including
higher volume and product mix of McCormick spices and seasonings as well as Simply Asia, Thai Kitchen,
Gourmet Garden, Frank's RedHot, Zatarain's, Stubb's, Lawry’s and El Guapo products. Additionally,
the pricing actions taken prior to COVID-19 in the first quarter to partially offset increased costs also
contributed to the growth.

In the EMEA, constant currency consumer sales grew 23% from a year ago with double-digit volume and
mix growth in all countries across the region. The most significant growth drivers were our Schwartz and
Ducros branded spices and seasonings, our Vahiné homemade dessert products and our Schwartz dry
recipe mixes.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Consumer sales in Asia Pacific declined 6% in constant currency, driven by lower branded foodservice
sales, as Lawrence mentioned. This decline was partially offset by increased consumer demand across the
region, with growth led by China's recipe mixes, sauces and condiments as well as Australia's branded
spices, seasonings and condiments.

Turning to our flavor solutions segment on Slide 18. Third quarter constant currency sales decreased 1%,
driven by declines in away-from-home products in the portfolios of our Americas and EMEA regions. In the
Americas, flavor solutions constant currency sales declined 3%, driven by a significant decline in sales to
branded foodservice customers in addition to lower sales to quick service restaurants. Partially offsetting
these declines were increased sales to packaged food companies and pricing to offset cost increases.

In EMEA, constant currency sales increased 1%, driven by pricing to cover cost increases, offset partially
by lower volume and product mix. Volume and product mix declined, driven by a reduction in sales to
branded foodservice customers in addition to lower sales to quick service restaurant customers. Partially
offsetting these declines was sales growth with packaged food companies.

In the Asia/Pacific region, flavor solutions sales rose 7% in constant currency, driven by higher sales to
quick service restaurants in China and Australia, partially driven by our customers' limited time offers and
promotional activity.

As seen on Slide 22, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, increased 5% in the third
quarter versus the year ago period. In constant currency, adjusted operating income grew by 6% and was
driven by substantial growth in the consumer segment, partially offset by a significant decline in the flavor
solutions segment.

Adjusted operating income growth in the consumer segment was 18%, increasing to $209 million or in
constant currency was 19%, driven primarily by higher sales. In the flavor solutions segment, adjusted
operating income declined 24% to $64 million or 22% in constant currency, driven partially by lower
sales, unfavorable product mix due to decline in branded foodservice sales and an unfavorable impact to
manufacturing costs resulting from the lower volume.

Both segments were also unfavorably impacted by COVID-19 related to supply chain costs including those
related to additional compensation for our operations employees, safety and sanitization measures and
scaling up to meet increased demand as well as higher incentive compensation, which was driven by our
strong year-to-date sales and operating profit performance. These unfavorable impacts were partially
offset by CCI-led cost savings.

Gross profit margin expanded 70 basis points in the third quarter versus the year ago period, driven
primarily by favorable product mix, resulting from the sales shift between segments and CCI-led cost
savings with a partial offset from COVID-19-related costs. Adjusted operating margin compression of 60
basis points compared to the third quarter of last year was driven by the net impact of the factors I just
mentioned as well as higher distribution costs.

Turning to income taxes on Slide 24. Our third quarter adjusted effective income tax rate was 19.3% as
compared to 17.6% in the year ago period. Those years were favorably impacted by discrete tax items,
principally stock option exercise. Income from unconsolidated operations up $10 million in the third
quarter was comparable to the year ago period.

At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 26, third quarter 2020 adjusted earnings per share was $1.53 as
compared to $1.46 for the year ago period. The increase was primarily driven by our higher adjusted
operating income with lower interest expense, offsetting the impact of a higher adjusted income tax rate.
This increase also includes an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates.

On Slide 27, we summarize highlights for cash flow in the quarter end balance sheet. Our cash flow
provided from operations was $627 million for the third quarter of 2020, a 27% increase compared
to $495 million for the third quarter of 2019 and was driven by higher net income. We finished the
third quarter with a cash conversion cycle at 36 days, down 7 days versus our 2019 fiscal year-end.
We returned $247 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $146 million for capital
expenditures through the third quarter of 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Additionally, we were very happy that during the third quarter, we fully paid off the terms notes related
to the acquisition of the Frank's French's brands and ended the third quarter with a net debt to adjusted
EBITDA ratio of 3.1x.

We continue to project another year of strong cash flow. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use
of cash, making investments to drive growth including through acquisitions, returning a significant portion
to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt.

Let's now move to our 2020 financial outlook. As a reminder, we withdrew our 2020 guidance during our
first quarter earnings call in late March. The operating environment over the past 6 months has continued
to evolve. While there still remains much uncertainty in many variables, which can drive a range of
possible outcomes, we recognize our year-to-date performance has been strong, and we are currently in
the last quarter of our fiscal year. As such, we are resuming our 2020 guidance at this time based on the
expectations Lawrence shared earlier this morning. Most notably, that the shift in consumer demand to at-
home consumption versus away-from-home will continue for the balance of the year and even beyond.

We believe this shift will continue to favorably impact the consumer segment in our fourth quarter. While
the away-from-home part of the flavor solutions portfolio has begun to recover, it will continue to be
unfavorably impacted. We expect the impact for both segments will not be to the same extent that we
have realized in the past 6 months.

Starting with the top line. We expect to grow sales at the upper end of a 4% to 5% range, which in
constant currency is in the range of 5% to 6%. This increase is expected to be entirely organic and reflects
growth driven by new products, expanded distribution, brand marketing and pricing, which in conjunction
with cost savings, is expected to offset anticipated mid-single-digit inflationary pressures. It includes the
net impact of the shift in demand due to COVID-19 and the consumer's sustained preference for cooking
at home.

Our 2020 gross profit margin is expected to be 75 to 100 basis points higher than 2019, in part driven
by our CCI-led cost savings and favorable product mix, partially offset by COVID-19-related costs. Our
adjusted operating income growth rate reflects the expected strength of our constant currency sales
performance and underlying profit realization, partially offset by higher expenses related to COVID-19 and
incentive compensation.

We are projected to grow adjusted operating income by 4% to 5% or 5% to 6% in constant currency. This
includes our cost savings targets of approximately $105 million and an expected mid-single-digit increase
of brand marketing investments.

We are estimating our COVID-19 costs, which include expenses related to additional compensation for our
frontline operations employees, safety and sanitation measures and scaling up to meet increased demand
as well as donations to relief organizations, will be approximately $40 million to $50 million for fiscal year
2020 with the majority of this cost impacting gross profit.

Our estimated increase in incentive compensation is driven by our projected strong fiscal year sales and
operating profit performance and is consistent with our commitment to a pay-for-performance philosophy.

Our 2020 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to be approximately 20% based on our year-to-
date performance including the impact of favorable discrete items and the estimated mix of earnings by
geography. This outlook compares to our 2019 adjusted effective tax rate of 19.5%.

Our income from unconsolidated operations is also expected to be impacted by unfavorable currency rates,
and as a result, we are projecting a mid-single-digit decline. Our guidance range for adjusted earnings
per share in 2020 is $5.64 to $5.72. This compares to $5.35 of adjusted earnings per share in 2019 and
represents a 5% to 7% increase, which, in constant currency, is a 6% to 8% increase.

In summary, we are projecting another strong year of underlying operating performance, while doing is
right by, first, protecting our employees and recognizing their contributions; second, by supporting our
communities through relief efforts; and finally, by making supply chain and brand marketing investments
to meet our expected growth into fiscal 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

And while we are not providing guidance for next year, I want to note that we do expect constant currency
organic sales growth in both our segments in 2021, as Lawrence mentioned earlier.

Additionally, I want to provide you a brief update on our ERP replacement program. We indicated in
March that we were rephasing the timing of this program to focus on the challenging environment
during the pandemic. We remain excited and committed to our global transformation initiative. While the
environment is still challenging, we have continued to work on this program. The delay provides us an
opportunity to do some replanning. And as SAP has improved their product, our ramp-up will be on a new
version with a broader suite of applications, allowing us to save an upgrade cycle as well.

We have not completed our planning yet, but we do not anticipate any major go-lives in 2021. We will
provide further updates on our ERP program on our earnings call in January.

Finally, I would also like to mention that yesterday, our Board of Directors approved a 2-for-1 stock split
with 1 share of common stock for common stock nonvoting to be issued for each like outstanding share.
The additional shares will be distributed on November 30. Trading is expected to begin on a split-adjusted
basis on December 1. This stock split reflects the confidence we have in our future, and we believe it will
provide greater liquidity and allow the stock to be more accessible to a broad range of investors.

I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some closing remarks before we move to your questions.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and 2020 outlook in more detail, I'd like
to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 29. We delivered outstanding year-to-date results during a
period of great disruption, proving the strength of our business model, the value of our products and our
capabilities as a company. Our foundation is solid and our strategies are effective.

Our 2020 outlook reflects another year of strong operating performance while doing what is right for our
employees and communities as well as making investments for the growth we expect in both segments
next year. We are confident in our ability to perform in this dynamic environment and to continue
delivering differentiated results and build long-term value.
And now I'd like to turn to your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So 2 things would be, first off, thanks for your thoughts around your expectations for organic sales into
next year. I'm curious as we think about EBIT for next year, obviously, we're not in a position to give
any kind of guidance, but maybe you can just cover off on a couple of the discrete items, puts and takes
that we kind of know about. Meaning, I mean, you covered, Mike, $40 million to $50 million of COVID-
related costs this year. Is all of that expected to not repeat next year? Or is a portion going to next year?
And then any way you can break out what the incremental, maybe incentive comp cost is expected to be
this year? And just any other things that are discrete that we kind of know now that we should take into
account as we think about sort of profit growth next year? And then I've just got a follow-up.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Andrew, it's Mike. I'll answer this, and if Lawrence has any comments, he can chime in. You referred to
the COVID costs. Obviously, we talked about this year about $40 million to $50 million incremental cost in
2020. We expect some of those to continue. However, some of those we don't expect to continue. Some of
the things like we're scaling up production, we're on-boarding people, we have incremental co-packers in
place now. We would expect that to not impact us into next year. However, some of the things we've done
like PPE and other coverage for our employees, we do expect to continue. So it's a mix of that. However,
we would be really -- a lot depends on the environment and continued resurge. So our January guidance
will give you a lot more detail on that obviously.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

But there's other -- in addition to what Mike said, there are costs that we incurred for temporary plant
closure, and extraordinary sanitation that we do not anticipate happening again next year. And just
bringing on all of this capacity has been done very quickly, and as a result, it's been brought on somewhat
inefficiently in the short term, and we would expect that efficiency rate to go up as we get into next year.

Now on incentive cost, Mike mentioned a word about that. I certainly hope that it doesn't produce
a tailwind next year. But if it's not, it's because we -- if it isn't a tailwind, it's because of continued
extraordinary performance. We have a pay-for-performance philosophy. Our employees have really
delivered this year. And so incentive comp across the -- all levels of the organization is pretty much at
the top of our program range. And so it would take a really extraordinary performance to repeat that. So
probably, it's going to be a tailwind as well. But in any case, underlying business results that we delivered
this year don't get paid for twice. Our plan is to pay for growth.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. Makes sense. And you mentioned capacity, and I want to dig into that a little bit. I'm curious if there's
a way to sort of spread out a little bit, how much of the upcoming capacity that's coming online is sort
of internal versus stepped up use of third parties. And really, the reason I ask is that I'd assume that
McCormick would not be adding its own sort of internal capacity in any significant way unless it thought
that some of these recently elevated trends were likely to persist somewhat longer term, not at current
levels necessarily, but longer term, in a way that you kind of felt like you needed internal capacity as
opposed to just you accessing the flexibility of third-party manufacturing.

Lawrence E. Kurzius

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Chairman, President & CEO

Andrew, it's actually -- it's a mix. So some of the capacity we've gained has been by adding people and
changing our shift patterns, so that we have more of our facilities operating on a 24/7 or 25/7 schedule,
not just on some lines, but in some cases, on all lines. So that's one way we've added capacity. We have
made some short -- we've been able to make some investments in blending capacity that are internal. And
then we have brought on quite a lot of third-party co-packing capacity. That is an incremental cost that we
would hope to absorb into our own facilities over the course of next year.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

That's primarily with a strategic partner that we already do co-packing with also, so we're not creating a
quality risk out there at all.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

One clarification, and then I have a broader question. I'm just building on Andrew's question. You talked
about no major go-live for ERP in 2021. Is it fair for us to assume that, obviously, the costs will be delayed
maybe until 2022 as well from that? Or are there some costs that you'll incur in advance? Just curious on
that first.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean we're continuing -- even though we talked earlier here about delaying the ERP, we're still on
current costs this year. We're going to spend in 2020 around the same level as we did in 2019. So you
can expect as we replan this, we'll have cost in next year. We're not prepared at this point to talk about
the level of cost, but we just wanted to highlight the fact that the go-lives, which are -- bring with them
major costs aren't going to really happen until 2022. We'll have more -- obviously in January guidance,
we'll sharpen the pencil for that.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. Okay. That's helpful. And then I wanted to poke around a little bit on your commentary about organic
growth in the consumer segment next year. The market is right now looking for, The Street is looking for
low single-digit decline. So you're surprising to the upside, I think. And I wanted to ask clearly, you have
a very strong first quarter coming up, or you should, anyway, given that you don't lap against COVID. But
after that, there's some reasonably high bars to comp against. I'm just curious, to what extent is your
confidence in this top line growth next year, informed maybe a little bit by the increase in capacity and
also the potential trade load that could lead from this year into next? And I'm asking because, obviously,
we should continue to see great food-at-home trends next year, but maybe that guidance will be easier
to digest if it's built on, I guess, something more than the expectation of just end demand growth. So
hopefully, that makes sense.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And that is a great question because I think you've written about this,
and I think that the analyst community as a group, the consensus that's out there right now under calls
what we think the growth potential is. And that's why we have commented on 2021 at this early stage
when we normally would really be focused completely on 2020. Even before COVID-19, consumers were
cooking more at home. They were using more spices and seasonings and sauces to prepare fresher,
healthier meals. They were moving to trusted and heritage brands. We talked about this. The pandemic

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

accelerated these trends and other trends like e-commerce that already underpin our strategies and that
we were already capitalizing on. And consumers haven't been doing anything that is contrary to what they
have been trending to do already. They're just doing more of it.

The data that we've got that we talked about on the -- in our prepared remarks shows that most
consumers are cooking more. They're enjoying it, they tend to cook more. And our brands have gained
penetration in millions of households with a high level of repeat that shows strong satisfaction with
the experiences that they're having. And we're not just seeing it in the U.S., we're seeing this play out
globally.

We've continued to invest behind our brands and driving through the entirety of the crisis. And we've got a
robust pipeline of innovation that includes some backlog from this year, the launch in 2021, too. We've had
a lot of resilience and capacity in the supply chain. And the market, frankly, has taken all of it, and we're
still ramping up for more just to meet the existing demand for consumption. And as you noted, we have
store shelves to restock, retailer inventory to replenish and a broad range of suspended SKUs to restart.
So yes, we think that there's going to be some moderation. There are going to be a couple of periods and
areas where there are tough comparisons. But we absolutely expect growth in our consumer segment next
year for a very good reason.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

I think also just to highlight the fact that we're upping our spend in brand marketing in the fourth quarter.
We're going to -- we've guided to mid-single digits for the year, which would imply have a 12% to 18%
increase in the fourth quarter because that advertising will drive growth in the first and second quarter. So
we're really investing behind the brand at this opportunity.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

And I don't even need to talk about flavor solutions because everybody...

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Very clear. No, no, yes. I think we expect that to be up already. Thank you.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with AB Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So can we look out -- you mentioned promotional activity was reduced, obviously, because of the
constraints on supply over the last few months on the consumer side. As you look forward, are the
retailers beginning to up that spending back? I know spices and seasonings are not generally that heavily
promoted. But I'm just wondering about the dynamics with retailers there and whether they're likely to
ask an elevated spend as we lookout into the tail end of this year and into 2021.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Well, all that we've done, first of all, has been done in cooperation and collaboration with retailers.
Pretty much through the -- through much of the third quarter and into fourth, our promotional plans are
actually in place. What's different is that the product is on allocation in many cases. And so the amount
that retailers can take on the promotion is limited, number one. And then number two, we had a shift in
the timing of our holiday program. Normally, just because of the scale of the holiday program, we actually
start deliveries in August, to get displays up early, kind of just manage the surge. And as part of managing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

overall demand, we pushed that -- half of that off into Q4. So there's a timing difference there. But I think
that for the most part, our promotional plans are back in place.

Now those comments are pretty specific to the U.S. and Canada. In the rest of the world, we really haven't
been constrained by, supply promotional plans have gone forward as normal at this point.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Great. And as a follow-up, you managed to delever to a little over 3x net debt to EBITDA. How does that
adjust your thinking on acquisitions? Obviously, there's a lot that you've got on your plate, just operating
the business in this environment. But in the past, you've been particularly bullish on the area of doing
further deals. So I'm just wondering how rich that set of opportunity looks right now and how actively you
might be pursuing that and in which parts of the business.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

So it has been our goal to deleverage to 3x of EBITDA by the end of 2020. It looks like we're certainly
there, that's a positive and we think we have. And our goals for our acquisition strategy is unchanged,
which is that acquisitions support our growth strategies. And so we've been signaling for a while that we
didn't feel that we actually had to literally get to report the 3.0 before we'd be back in the market. And so
we would say that we are open for business in the acquisition department.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Rob, are you there?

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I can hear you. Sorry about that. Yes, that was me. So...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

That's like the cliché of our time right now.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

It's happened to many. Yes, I agree with you. But fortunately, no dogs barking in the background. But
I did have just kind of a broader question about your margin structure. You're making investments in
capacity this year that will dilute your margins in fourth quarter and then you have this big ERP program
that will probably dilute margins next year. Just big picture, like, would you say that these investments are
setting you up to service to become a bigger company, to service a bigger demand. And if so, like when
do you get back to a pattern of margin expansion and benefiting from all that scale that you've put up?
Kind of a -- and I guess the second part is, you get back then to your normal pattern of margin expansion
that's in your long-term algo.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

That's a great question, Rob. And I'll start it. No, it's a great point. And as we went into this year,
obviously, when we had planned a $60-ish million investment in ERP, that was going to be dilutive to
our margins. However, we need to become a bigger company, increase our scale. ERP program drives
efficiencies across the organization and really allows us to grow faster and make acquisitions faster. It's
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

hard to pin it down to 1-year investment, and then you get back right away. But over a 3- to 4-year
period, where we look at our constant currency sales growth and our margins, we see that really as our
long-term guidance. One year's, you're going to have some short-term ups and downs on it. The other
levers we can pull, too, from an advertising perspective, spending more or less. CCI is a tool we've used
in the past to lean into when we've had investments to make. So I think in January, you'll see a better
picture for next year.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

But the investments that we've made in supply chain this year have really been extraordinary because
of the extraordinary circumstances. We have had an unprecedented increase in demand that has been
sustained over time that we have really had to work and almost throw money at in order to meet. And it
hasn't been done in the most efficient way. And I think that, as we commented on the first question from
Andrew, we would expect that some of those costs would come out.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

If you think about earlier this year, people have already forgotten the first quarter. China was such a shock
to us and everybody, and consumers there didn't get a chance to really buy. So that was a large first
quarter impact for us, which really hurt our margins. And even in the flavor solutions business, we talked
about continuing the mix up there with portfolio management. This year has been a little tough because
foodservice, brand foodservice, which is high margin, has been hurt by this COVID situation, whereas
QSRs are recovering. That has hurt us from a mix perspective. But we see that over time recovering also.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And actually, I do have a follow-up question. You said that Europe had already expanded capacity
sufficiently to meet the 20-plus percent increase in demand, but the U.S. had not. Is there any reason that
the capacity expanded in one region but not the other?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, sure. Over the last several years, we've been building our capacity capabilities in Asia Pacific first and
in Europe second as an area of investment focus. And actually, we just turned to the Americas. This year,
we announced a big investment and highly automated logistics center earlier this year for pre COVID. And
so our investment cycle has turned to the Americas.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

It's not to say we've ignored Americas. We've had investments along the way. It's is the same region for
us, right?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

And virtually all of our plants in Asia have been either new or renovated in the last several years, and
we've made a number of big investments in expansion and automation in EMEA, and we're just turning
to the Americas. But even beyond that, yes, it's just the scale of the surge of demand. I mean, the U.S.
business is so big that even the same percentage growth turns into a massive amount of volume.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

I had -- my first question was just to understand, you talked earlier in the call about pushing off some
new product launches and how those could benefit 2021, I think, was the implication. Is that a function of
the retailer sort of acceptance of new products? Are you seeing that kind of pick back up? And then also
just understand how the capacity lines up for some of those new products? Are these largely third-party
produced? Or is the new production capacity able to produce those products? I just want to get a sense of
how those will play out in 2021.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, with the surge in demand, both we and the retailers really wanted to focus on core items. For us,
it is a certain supply. I mean, retailers still had the challenge of bringing product in and just the logistics
of the whole increase in consumer shopping in their total store. So there was -- there's been much more
of a focus on core. And the new items that we actually had launched early in the year got unprecedented
trial. But the items that we had planned for the second half really have been deferred into 2021 and add
to that pipeline. I don't think our experience in that area is much different than what others set up, but we
also had a big shelf initiative. We had a spice ile reinvention program that we unveiled at CAGNY and had
a plan to get into thousands of stores. We are -- we have made that change in thousands of stores, but
nowhere near to the magnitude that we expected. And so that's also going to be a part of the program for
next year.

On the flavor solutions side of the business, also, our customers have tended to focus on their core
items as well. And so innovation in that area has also been curtailed. Quick service restaurants, trying
to manage demand and their drive-through and takeaway model, have focus more on core items and --
but really only now getting back into limited time offers and promotional offerings. And our consumer
food manufacturing customers are also just now ramping up their innovation programs. We have a lot
of projects underway in that area that I think will be a benefit in that segment next year. But really,
through the crisis, the focus has been on core items, both for us, for customers both on flavor solutions
and retailers.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

And some evidence of the QSRs in APZ, in China and Australia are recovering faster and more LTOs are
coming out now as we talked about this quarter. So we'll see that continue hopefully into next year.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And I have just one quick follow-up, if I could, on the gross margin and I guess, the implied gross
margin for the fourth quarter. It does indicate some less growth or even a bit of a decline in the fourth
quarter based on the performance year-to-date. Are there residual COVID costs we have to keep in mind?
Is it the co-packers? And also you have some costs around the new capacity, are those sort of the factors
that play into the fourth quarter gross margin performance?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Oh, definitely, Chris. We talked -- at the last call, we were talking about $30 million split between the
second and third quarter. Now we're seeing 40% to 50%, of which is -- and we're considering that the
fourth quarter because of that unprecedented demand. So yes, we'll -- those costs are continuing into the
fourth quarter.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

That's the biggest factor.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Yes, that really is. And we're saying, too, a little bit. We've had some very favorable segment mix over the
last couple of quarters. We're seeing a little bit less of that in the fourth quarter. But the primary thing is
the COVID cost as Lawrence said.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess the first, turning this into a little bit of the question on the shift on holiday sales into the fourth
quarter in terms of the load in. But can you just comment a little bit on retailer inventories and trade
inventory in the U.S. right now, just given the surge in demand that we've seen? Just how do you think
about that? And how you think about that potentially being a falling into next year?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think you only have to walk into a store. I know that the cover is there. We have -- in the first --
sorry, in the second quarter, U.S. demand was -- the scanner was up 55%. In the second quarter, it was
28%. Our latest Nielsen still has it running up over 20% -- sorry, our latest IRI still has it running up over
20%. We have struggled to keep up with that demand. You've seen that we've reported lower numbers,
and that gap all -- a lot of that gap represents inventory reduction. So I'd say that the shelf stocks are
low, back room stocks are low to nonexistent. There's a lot to rebuild.

And as we go through the fourth quarter, we're ramping up capacity, but that's really meeting demand.
The real rebuild of shelf stock, of retailer safety stock, inventory in the whole -- the normal level of
inventory in the trade pipeline, that rebuild is going to happen next year. And well, it's going to take well
into the year to get that back up.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

That's going to give us further confidence on growth next year on the consumer side.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. No, that's helpful. And I guess my second question was more a...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

By the way, I don't think we're not alone in that situation.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

No, that's totally fair. My other question was on flavor solutions and especially thinking in the -- in the
Americas with the volume mix decline you reported. And maybe you can give a little bit more color by kind
of your major categories, branded foodservice, the flavors business, the condiments coating, just how the
different parts of your business are performing relative to that negative 5% and where that's trending and
some number?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Big service restaurants are generally doing great. So they're very much in a recovery mode. Depending on
the geography and in some cases, they're well into growth again, and other geographies, they're not quite
there. But their model was already very oriented towards consumption away from premise, drive-through
and so on. So they've had a fast recovery and really are responsible for the big swing that we saw in our
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

EMEA region, in particular, for example, where second quarter, were down 31% first -- third quarter, we
were -- we're actually up one.

The flip side of that and the slowest recovering or your traditional restaurant foodservice customers,
many of those are still closed. They're operating under capacity restrictions. Consumers -- in our survey
data, over half of consumers still say they do not tend to eat inside at a restaurant this year. So there's
quite a path -- a challenging path for them to recover. And in fact, as we get into the fall weather with
cooler weather, it's going to be hard for us to -- it's going to be -- it's hard to see how -- that's going to be
another headwind for them as we get to that time period. The -- and so those are the ones that are going
to be more challenged.

And our consumer manufacturers are pretty much back to normal, that they've pretty much gotten back
on track. It varies by customer, but as a group, in aggregate, they're back to a more normal path.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

And in the Americas, I think you were trying to dig a little bit beyond that. I mean, branded foodservice
is a higher percentage of our total flavor solutions in the Americas compared to the rest of the world. So
there's a little bigger impact there.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Mike, I just had a question around freight costs. We've been seeing a pretty sizable uptick both in the spot
markets. And just wondering if that's going to roll over into contract freight rates. Just can you give us a
sense of either as a percent of sales or COGs, what freight represents? And maybe just in history a couple
of years ago when freight was moving up, kind of how you guys managed it through the business.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, it's a good question. I mean, freight has spiked really recently. It's been up and down over
the last 12 months, so -- a couple of years ago, we -- there was a huge shortage of containers of freight,
and the whole industry was really hurt by that. And through our CCI program, we really manage those
costs. Within the last quarter, I can't tell you specifically what programs we have, to be honest. But
distribution is one of those SG&A things that has been up, primarily due to internal warehousing moves
and things like that, just shipping product. But your freight is a relatively minor total component of our
cost of goods sold...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Especially in the scheme of other products going on right now.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

I wouldn't think it's not a material impact in the quarter, but it does add a few -- a little bit of the
headwind. It's a good question.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. Okay. No, that's helpful. And maybe just as a cleanup, the tax rate, that 20% you gave, I mean,
on a longer-term basis, I know you guys kind of talk about mid-20s, but it's been running in that closer to
20% just as the stock has performed well. Just kind of help us think about that on a longer-term basis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Longer term, it's still -- I'd say that what we said earlier this year, 24% to 25%. Obviously, with the
election coming up, we have no idea what's going to happen next year. So let's stay tuned for that one.
But underlying the way the rates, the rules are written out, 24% to 25%, and then periodically, we have
tax planning initiatives. And then, as you said, with the stock performing very well, you get a really nice
stock option favorability. Now that is all set up in the operating expense line just partially, so it does have
a little bit of a headwind up there. But generally, it's good for the tax line.

Operator

Next question is from the line of David Driscoll with DD Research.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

I wanted to ask one question on the fourth quarter and then just one follow-up on your '21 commentary.
On the fourth quarter, you appear to be implying within the full year guidance, a revenue slowdown versus
the third quarter. And I just wanted to hear your description as to what are the qualitative factors here?
Do you expect a second wave of the virus to be impacting? Is that implied within the guidance? Or do you
really just kind of take where we are today on viral impact and just extend that forward? And are there
any other key assumptions that go into that fourth quarter?

And then on 2021, I'm curious about whether or not you see this as your growth comments, are these in
your control? Is it this inventory situation that's just so significant in '21 that it underpins your confidence
to make these growth comments? Because, of course, nobody knows about the vaccine, how many people
will take it, what that will do to consumer behavior, but I'm thinking that what you're trying to tell us
today is it doesn't really matter. There are so many underlying positives inherent to your business that are
in your control that you can still say that there would be growth in '21 in that consumer segment.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

I think for Q4, I'll start this, and I'll let Mike take it and then let me come back to 2021 in a minute. For
flavor solutions, our -- we're looking -- we're pretty much looking at status quo versus where we are right
now because the QSRs have largely recovered, and we see just a hard path forward for the rest of the
restaurant side of the business, given the uncertainty around resurgence. I mean, look, what's happening
in Europe right now, cold weather coming in, there's probably going to be some good news on a vaccine,
but the fact is it's probably not going to be widely available until sometime well into next year. And so
there's a lot of uncertainty out there on that.

For the consumer side, demand continues to be strong. We've had all these gains in penetration, trial.
Consumers seem to be having a good experience cooking at home and cooking-at-home behavior has
really held up in a way that, frankly, we've underestimated all year long. I mean it's been stronger than
we thought. And every time we look at it, it's holding up stronger and longer than we thought.

So we're expecting some moderation next year, but we are also expecting quite a lot of it to stick. There
are still a lot of uncertainties around 2021, which is why we don't give guidance this early, but we did see
a growing disconnect between the expectations for growth of consumer that was getting to be so wide, we
felt like we had to say something about it.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Regarding the fourth quarter, I mean, we wanted to give some meaningful guidance, but also wanted
to be prudent in a really uncertain environment. And there's variables to the high and the low end. We
think the demand is there, obviously, as we see in the scanner data. But our ability to supply, especially in
the U.S., is really challenged. So we wanted to at least be prudent from that perspective.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Operator

At this time, I'll turn the floor back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing comments.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Great. Thank you, everyone, for your questions and for participating on today's call.

McCormick is a global leader in flavor, differentiated with a broad and advantaged portfolio. In the volatile
environment in which we currently operate, this balanced portfolio drives consistency in our performance.
We have a growing and profitable business, delivering flavor to all markets and channels, while responding
readily to changes in the industry and the world with new ideas, innovation and purpose.

One of the most significant risks to any company is being unprepared to respond for the agility to a
significant unexpected disruption. We've all been experiencing that disruption this year, and McCormick
continues to be well prepared to not only manage through it but emerge stronger.

With a relentless focus on growth, performance and people, we're confident our strategies continue to
position us to drive future growth and build long-term value for our shareholders.

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to everyone for joining today's call. If you have any further questions
regarding today's information, please reach out to me. This now concludes this morning's conference call.
Have a good day, everyone.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

