McCormick & Company, Incorporated 

NYSE:MKC
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, March 30, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.58

0.72

Revenue  (mm)

1368.72

1481.50

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-25-2021 4:18 AM GMT

24.14

8.24

0.67

2.95

3.13

1479.53

6021.06

6207.69

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.58

0.76

0.82

0.58

0.74

0.76

0.79

0.72

27.59 %

1.32 %

(3.66 %)

24.14 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

15

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

Presentation

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick's Investor Relations. Thank you
for joining today's First Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we've posted a set of slides at
ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions]

We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive
Vice President and CFO.

During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in
constant currency as well as adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate
and adjusted earnings per share, that exclude the impact of special charges, transaction and integration
expenses related to the acquisition of Cholula and FONA. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included
in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer
to our presentation for complete information.

In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking
statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes
no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new
information, future events or other factors. It is important to note these statements include expectations
and assumptions which will be shared related to the impact of COVID-19 pandemics. As seen on Slide 2,
our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors, including the impact of COVID-19,
that could affect our financial results.

It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us.

Starting on Slide 4. Our first quarter results were outstanding. As we said in our year-end earnings
call in January, we have confidence in our strategies and are well positioned to deliver another year of
differentiated growth in 2021.

Following an extraordinary year in 2020, in 2021, we expect strong underlying base business performance
and recent acquisitions to drive significant sales growth as well as strong operating income growth, even
considering extraordinary COVID-19 costs and business transformation investments, highlighting our focus
on profit realization.

During the first quarter, we delivered double-digit sales, adjusted operating income and earnings growth.
We expect growth to vary by quarter in 2021 given 2020's level of demand volatility and the pace of
COVID-19 recovery. But importantly, we have started the year with outstanding first quarter performance,
giving us confidence in an even stronger outlook for 2021.

As seen on Slide 5, we have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio with compelling offerings
for every retail and customer strategy across all channels. The breadth and reach of our portfolio across
segments, geographies, channels, customers and product offerings creates a balanced and diversified
portfolio to drive consistency in our performance, as evidenced again by our first quarter results.

The sustained shift in consumer behavior to cooking and eating more at home continue to drive
substantial increases in our Consumer segment demand in all regions as well as increases in our packaged
food company customers in our Flavor Solutions segment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

On the other hand, in our Americas and EMEA regions, we continue to experience reduced demand from
our restaurant and other foodservice customers given the pressure on away-from-home consumption
driven by continued COVID-19 government-imposed restrictions, which in several areas, increased during
the first quarter. Notably, our APZ region had substantial growth in both segments, driven not only by
lapping the significant disruption last year caused by the COVID-19-related lockdown in China but also
by the sustained increase in at-home consumption and an increase in away-from-home consumption as
restrictions have eased and the recovery momentum is building.

Finally, with the addition of our Cholula and FONA acquisitions, we have further extended the reach and
breadth of our portfolio with new product offerings, channels and customers and are excited about their
contributions to our first quarter and beyond.

These impacts continued to demonstrate the strength and diversity of our offering, and we are confident
our balanced portfolio will continue to differentiate McCormick and sustainably position us for growth.

This morning, I will begin with our first quarter results, share some comments on business performance
and then discuss our 2021 momentum and growth plans. After that, Mike will go more in depth on our first
quarter results and provide an update on our 2021 guidance.

Starting with our outstanding first quarter results, as seen on Slide 6. Total sales grew 22%, including
a 2% favorable impact from currency. In constant currency, we grew total sales 20% with increases in
both segments. Base business growth, new products and acquisitions, our 3 long-term growth drivers, all
contributed to the increase. In addition to our top line growth, adjusted operating income increased 35%,
including a 3% favorable impact from currency. And adjusted operating margin expanded by 160 basis
points. Growth from higher sales, favorable mix and CCI-led cost savings more than offset COVID-19-
related costs and higher planned brand marketing investments. Our first quarter adjusted earnings
per share was $0.72 compared to $0.54 in the prior year, driven by our strong operating performance,
partially offset by a higher adjusted tax rate.

Turning to our first quarter segment business performance, starting on Slide 7. In our Consumer segment,
we grew sales by 35%, or at constant currency, 32%, with double-digit increases across each of our 3
regions. Our Americas constant currency sales growth was 30% in the first quarter, with incremental sales
from our Cholula acquisition contributing 5%. The momentum Cholula carried in from last year continues
to be strong, with consumption growing at twice the category rate.

Excluding Cholula, our total McCormick U.S.-branded portfolio, as indicated in our IRI consumption data
and combined with unmeasured channels, grew 15%, which reflects the strength of our category as
consumers continue to cook more at home. For the first time in several quarters, our sales increase was
higher than our U.S. IRI consumption growth. We are realizing the benefit of our capacity expansion at the
end of last year. The difference between shipments and consumption is attributable to beginning to catch
up on the undershipment of consumption across all quarters of last year that resulted in depleted retailer
and consumer pantry inventory. Demand has remained high and the steps we've taken to increase supply
are beginning to show.

As we mentioned in our January earnings call, after experiencing real pressure on our U.S. manufacturing
operations throughout 2020 due to elevated demand levels, we ended the calendar year with considerable
incremental capacity and restoration plans for products which had been suspended. Throughout our first
quarter, we removed products from suspension and continued to see service levels improved, which,
combined with our overshipping consumption, indicates we are beginning to refill the inventory pipeline.
As we said previously, inventory replenishment will progress throughout the year. We continue to work
with all our customers on improving shelf conditions and estimate more than half the suspended products
are now back on shelf. The level of restoration is very customer-specific.

Focusing further on our U.S.-branded portfolio. In spice and seasonings and all other categories, excluding
dry recipe mixes, we grew first quarter consumption at double-digit rates and again increased our
household penetration and repeat buy rate. In the first quarter, we continued to gain share in categories
less impacted by supply constraints, including stocks and broths, barbecue sauce, wet marinades and
Asian product. The categories most impacted by supply constraints, spice and seasonings and dry recipe

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

mix, we know there is a high correlation between our share performance and the shelf conditions resulting
from product suspension or allocation. Products that have had strong supply and remained on shelf have
performed well. And as suspended products are restocked on shelf, we're seeing similar performance. We
anticipate regaining share as conditions continue to improve.

All of our key categories continued to outpace the center of store growth rates, favorably impacting
not only the McCormick brand, but smaller brands as well, such as Stubb's, Lawry?s, Simply Asia, Thai
Kitchen, Zatarain's and Kitchen Basics. And in e-commerce, we had strong double-digit pure-play growth,
with McCormick-branded consumption outpacing all major categories.

We continue to use our strong category management capabilities and working with our customers as
inventory is replenished throughout the supply chain as optimized category shelf sets drives both growth
for our customers and for McCormick. I'd like to thank our customers for their partnerships and working
together with us on long-term solutions. We are well positioned for success in 2021 and have implemented
efficient, long-term solutions and strengthened our supply chain resiliency to support continued growth.

Now turning to EMEA, which continued its momentum with outstanding performance in the first quarter.
Our constant currency sales rose 26%, with broad-based growth across the region. Each of our markets
drove double-digit total branded consumption growth, with market share gains across the region.
Spices and seasonings consumption was strong in all markets, driving a market share gain across total
EMEA region. And our Vahiné brand in France again had strong consumption growth and outpaced the
homemade desserts category. In the U.K., both Frank's RedHot and French's mustard also had strong
consumption and gained share. Since the beginning of the pandemic, our EMEA supply chain has been
very well positioned to meet the elevated demand, and this has contributed to our ability to grow share
across the region.

In EMEA, our household penetration and rate of repeat buyers increased again in the first quarter for the
fourth consecutive quarter across our major brands and markets compared to last year. And we continue
to work closely with our customers to ensure that elevated consumer demand will be met, even obtaining
incremental placement for our branded portfolio as other manufacturers and private label faced supply
challenges. We're excited with our growth trajectory in EMEA following the challenging market conditions
in the past.

In the Asia-Pacific region, our constant currency sales grew 55%. During the first quarter of last year,
China's consumption was disrupted by the COVID-19-related lockdown. Recovering from that disruption
increased sales in the first quarter of 2021 versus last year. Notwithstanding that recovery, the region still
had double-digit growth, driven by strong China consumer and branded foodservice demand, partially
fueled by the Chinese New Year holiday as well as strong consumer consumption in the rest of the region.
For instance, in Australia, we continued to see elevated consumption in the brands where we gained
household penetration last year, such as Frank's RedHot, Gourmet Garden and Grill Mates.

Across all regions, we know second quarter consumption will start to be compared to the highly elevated
levels from last year. And while we do not expect consumption at those same levels, we do expect
continued and long-lasting growth from the increase in consumers cooking more at home.

Constant currency sales in our Flavor Solutions segment grew 3%, driven by our Americas and APZ
regions. In the Americas, we drove constant currency sales growth of 2%, driven by our FONA and Cholula
acquisitions as well as growth with our consumer packaged food customers for our at-home base. With
strengthened base business as well as new product momentum, we continue to shift our portfolio to
more value-added and technically insulated products, not only with the combination of FONA's flavor
portfolio, but also with considerable growth from snack seasonings in the U.S. and Mexico as well as
flavors from both savory and beverage applications. Demand from our away-from-home customer base for
branded foodservice and restaurant customers declined and continued to be impacted by the COVID-19
environment.

Sales in our EMEA region were comparable to the first quarter of last year for Flavor Solutions, with
demand declines in our away-from-home customer base, offset by strong sales for our consumer
packaged food customers. This growth was driven by a significant increase in new product growth versus

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

last year, as well as continued strength in the base business, partially from our customers' promotional
activities.

Our sales growth in the Asia-Pacific region was outstanding, up 18% in constant currency. Both China,
excluding the recovery impact from last year's lockdown, and Australia delivered double-digit growth from
quick service restaurants, or QSR, customers. This growth was driven by significant momentum in limited
time offers as well as strength in the core business.

I mentioned our results related to Cholula and FONA, and now I'd like to provide a brief update on their
integration status. For both acquisitions, our integration activities are progressing according to our plan.
We continue to deliver on opportunities quickly and aggressively to drive growth and are pleased with our
momentum on capturing our synergy opportunities. We remain on track to achieve synergies according to
plan.

Starting with Cholula. As expected, our integration of the business has been straightforward. As of March
1, all functions have been integrated into our McCormick processes, and importantly, we are now servicing
customers from our McCormick U.S. distribution center. From a consumer commercial perspective, we
are expanding distribution and are fueling growth with robust brand marketing investments. We'll be
activating both digital, where Cholula was underpenetrated, and in-store merchandising in the next few
weeks for our exciting Cinco de Mayo campaign. In Flavor Solutions, we're also expanding distribution with
new and existing branded foodservice customers and are leveraging Cholula's authentic Mexican flavor for
increased menu participation, particularly in Cinco de Mayo menu offerings.

Moving to FONA. The employees of FONA have been part of building a great business, and we are excited
to be working with them to collectively integrate the business and drive plans to capitalize on growth
opportunities. Our functional integration is very much on track and is using a best-of-both approach to
ensure we optimize our operating model, similar to the approach we have with our RB Foods integration.
The alignment of our organization is well underway and we have had significant commercial collaboration
yielding quick wins and identifying long-term strategic opportunities.

Customer reaction has been extremely positive. They are impressed with our early collaboration and
excited about the increased customer value proposition created by the combination of McCormick and
FONA, a more comprehensive product offering, broader technical platform, deep technical and flavor talent
and best-in-class customer collaboration. And we are excited with FONA's performance starting the year,
with great results and a robust momentum across the business.

For both Cholula and FONA, we are pleased with our progress so far and their contribution to our results.
Our enthusiasm for these acquisitions and are confident that we will deliver on our acquisition plans,
accelerate growth of these portfolios and drive shareholder value has only increased over the last few
months.

Now I would like to briefly comment on the conditions we're seeing in our markets, their potential impact
and our 2021 organic growth plan, starting on Slide 10. Global demand for flavor remains the foundation
of our sales growth. We are capitalizing on the growing consumer interest in healthy, flavorful cooking,
trusted brands as well as digital engagement and purpose-minded practices. These long-term trends have
only accelerated during the pandemic, and our alignment with them, combined with the breadth and reach
of our portfolio, sustainably positions us for continued growth. These underlying trends, current market
conditions and our robust 2021 plans position us well to successfully execute on our growth strategies in
both segments.

Turning to Slide 11, starting with our Consumer segment. Around the world, we continue to experience
sustained elevated consumer demand, which is real incremental consumption and reflects the trend of
consumers cooking more at home.

Across our APZ region, consumer demand continues to be strong. In China, consumer consumption
remains strong and we continue to see recovery in foodservice, which in China is in our Consumer
segment, with approximately 90% of restaurants opened during the Chinese New Year period.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

In Australia, even restaurant -- even with restaurant restrictions eased and away-from-home demand
increasing, at-home consumption has remained elevated. And as I mentioned earlier, we are retaining
households that came into our brands last year and we're also realizing growth with our away-from-home
customers.

In many of our largest markets in EMEA, restrictive COVID-19 measures are still in place, further fueling
at-home consumption and we are seeing sustained levels of demand.

In the Americas, as restrictions are easing and vaccinations are continuing, consumption remains elevated.
Consumers are continuing to come to our brand, having a good experience and buying our products again.

Consumers are cooking more from scratch and adding flavor to their meal occasions, is a long -- is a key
long-term trend which has accelerated during the pandemic. As we've shared previously, our proprietary
consumer survey data, supported by external research, indicates consumers are enjoying the cooking
experience as it provides a creative outlet, reduces stress and connects the family. And consumers feel
meals prepared at home are safer, healthier, better-tasting and cost less.

In our recent consumer survey from February, these positive sentiments are not only still true but have
strengthened. Consumers' interest in cooking has increased in recent months versus the end of last year
because they want to cook versus have to cook. For example, approximately 50% of the consumers
surveyed indicated they are cooking more now because they want to try a new recipe, ingredient, cooking
method or tools or simply just cook from scratch. And approximately 40% also indicated they're trying
to recreate restaurant meals at home. Importantly, over 2/3 of consumers surveyed claim they would
maintain or increase their current level of cooking at home, even if life were to return to normal next
week, whatever normal may be.

We continue to believe the consumer behavior and sentiment driving an increased and sustained
preference for cooking at home will continue globally and persist beyond the pandemic, further driving
consumer demand for our products in 2021 and beyond, fueled by robust brand marketing, differentiated
new products and our strong category management initiatives.

Our category management initiatives are designed to continue to strengthen our category leadership by
driving growth for both us and our customers. In the U.S. in 2020, we began our initiative to reinvent the
in-store experience for spices and seasonings for consumers by introducing new merchandising elements
to improve navigation and drive inspiration, transforming, and at times, confusing, shelf to 3 shoppable
sections. Our rollout has continued in 2021, with plans to implement in thousands of stores. And the early
indication is positive with the category and McCormick-branded growth outpacing the rest of the market in
transformed stores.

We are also investing in e-commerce to drive McCormick and category growth. In the first quarter, we
delivered over 90% global e-commerce growth with particular strength in omnichannel. We are investing
in content, retailer search and innovation specifically for e-commerce, trialing new items and packaging in
the direct-to-consumer channel first

For example, in the Americas, we've launched unique flavor inspiration products, such as Frank's RedHot
Everything Bagel Seasoning. And in China, we are launching a ready to eat chili paste on our direct-to-
consumer platform. In EMEA, following the successful launch of the innovative street food seasonings last
year, we are now accelerating online growth with variety, bundle packs and multi buy offers on our main e-
commerce channels.

Turning to global brand marketing. We continued to increase our investments across our entire portfolio,
as evident in our 17% increase in the first quarter and plan for another significant increase in the second
quarter. Our investments have proven to be effective and we will continue to connect with consumers
online, turning real-time insights into action, by targeting messaging focused on providing information
and inspiration. We expect our brand marketing investments, combined with our valuable brand equities
and strong digital consumer engagement, will continue to drive growth with existing consumers and the
millions of consumers gained in 2020.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

Highlighting some of our first quarter investments in the Americas and EMEA regions on Slide 12. Starting
with the Americas. We continued our advertising campaign It's Gonna Be Great with a focus on consumers
continuing traditions and preparing their family's signature holiday dishes, even if their celebrations look
different.

Our Frank's Super Bowl campaign, integrated across digital, social, online video and TV, featured fan
favorite Eli Manning, promoting Frank's RedHot as approachably hot and was our best Super Bowl
campaign yet, garnering record-high impressions.

As part of our Zatarain's Bold Like That campaign, we partnered with New Orleanian author and
poet, Cleo Wade, to promote virtual Mardi Gras celebrations with authentic New Orleans flavors,
#ZatarainsPorchParty. And recognizing virtual celebrations replaced live Mardi Gras event, we supported
Culture AID NOLA, an organization which distributes food to hospitality workers impacted by pandemic
restrictions.

Turning to EMEA, where we have invested a substantial portion brand -- of our brand marketing, our
digital marketing and promotional activities included our holiday campaign featuring our festive gold cap
limited edition packaging which drove strong holiday results in our major markets.

In the U.K., with our New Year Flavor Resolutions campaign, we inspired consumers with recipes and
products to flavor their healthy kick, whether it be through the heat of Frank's or spicing it up with
Schwartz.

And in France, we're giving families another reason to celebrate in 2021. In 2020, birthday celebrations
were not just a piece of cake. So with the inspiration of our Half-py Birthday marketing campaign,
consumers can celebrate their half-birthdays, complete with Vahiné's launch of a decimal comma-shaped
candle to top their cakes made with our Vahiné baking products.

Looking at just a few of our second quarter plan. In the Americas, we'll inspire restaurant-quality cooking
with our It's Gonna Be Great campaign. Our Vahiné brand in EMEA is sponsoring a prime time French
baking program which will showcase our homemade dessert line. In both regions, we've launched Easter
campaigns to bring the family together with baking and crafting ideas.

And moving to grilling season, we will acknowledge the importance of connecting through outdoor grilling
occasions, with campaigns targeting products such as French's and Grill Mates in the U.S. and Frank's in
the U.K.

Finally, our plan includes support of our robust new product launches. New products are integral to our
growth. In our Consumer segment, new product innovation differentiates our brands and strengthens
our relevance with our consumers. Our 2020 launches have gained exceptional trial and are providing
significant momentum into this year. And in 2021, we have a robust global pipeline of new product
launches, and I'm happy to share some of our first half launches as seen on Slide 13.

We are meeting consumers at the intersection of flavor and health. We're launching Just 5 dry recipe
mixes in the U.S., dips and dressing mixes and flavors like French onion and home style ranch, with clean
and short ingredient statements, 5 simple ingredients delivering a classic flavor experience.

And in France, we are expanding our range of organic products in our Vahiné homemade dessert line.

When it comes to heat, we're continuing to broaden our French portfolio globally. In the U.S., we're
expanding French's wing sauces. With a milder tangy buffalo flavor and a garlic buffalo flavor, we're
combining savory garlic with spicy heat. Also in the U.S., we have just launched Cholula wing sauces in 2
flavors: Mexicali Cilantro Lime and Caliente Spicy Arbol Peppers in a unique bottle with the iconic wooden
cap. And in the U.K., we're launching Frank's Craft Edition, capitalizing on interest in Frank's heat with
differentiated flavors such as roasted jalapeno and grilled habanero.

We are responding to consumers' demand for convenience and flavor. In the U.S., our launch of frozen
appetizers, providing hot chicken bites and buffalo chicken dips with Frank's flavor that are ready in
minutes is gaining momentum as one of our best new product starts. We're excited to launch our new Grill

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

Mates all-purpose grilling seasoning for consumers who want to respect the meat. Simple, course-ground
seasoning for the open flame that cling to the meat and lock in juiciness.

Finally, our innovation is not only all about flavor, but also staying relevant for their consumers through
our packaging innovation. We're continuing the rollout of our first choice bottle with its consumer-
preferred transparent and functional design, modern look and reinforcement of fresh flavor into our
Eastern European market. These markets have predominantly been sachet markets for spices and
seasonings and perceived the bottle packaging as a premium offering. And in Canada, we're beginning the
relaunch of our gourmet line in the first choice bottle as well as adding new flavor varieties in the U.K.,
not only are we building on our Schwartz recipe mix momentum with the introduction of flavorful line
extensions, we're also advancing on our sustainable packaging commitment with sachet packaging that
is 100% recyclable. Schwartz will be the first brand in the U.K. dry recipe mix category with recyclable
packaging. And in France, with the redesign of our Ducros grinder, its appearance not only has greater
consumer appeal, but it also reduces our carbon footprint.

Turning to Flavor Solutions. In this segment, we have a diverse customer base and have seen a varied
-- various states of recovery. From a food-at-home perspective, our Flavor Solutions growth varies by
packaged food customers. Overall, we are carrying our growth momentum with these customers into
2021, driven by strength in their iconic core product as well as new products and bigger bet innovation
in 2021. Overall, the sell-in of our new product launches and big bet innovations from these customers
slowed in 2020 due to the focus on keeping core items on shelf. There's still new product launches, and
in many cases, they were smaller expansions of the core and more channel-oriented. Moving into 2021,
we're excited about the momentum of the 2020 launches, but even more excited about the robust 2021
pipeline. Our customers have bigger bet innovations in their plan, and we look forward to collaborating
with them and driving growth from those launches.

A key enabler driving our success in developing winning flavors for our customers is our insight on
consumer and culinary trends. We've been at the forefront of forecasting emerging flavors for 21 years.
Through the McCormick flavor forecast, we have a history of identifying the top trends and ingredients
shaping the future of flavor, many of which have stood the test of time, whether it was with turmeric or
pumpkin pie spices, the flavor of Chipotle or dishes with quinoa. In April, we'll be launching our newest
addition that will shake up the way we cook, flavor and eat. We will feature new trends, flavors and
recipes that will not only flavor our Consumer segment innovation, but also drive wins with our Flavor
Solutions customer.

In our away-from-home portion of this segment, as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing growth from our
restaurant and other foodservice customers in our APZ regions as restrictions have eased. In QSR,
demand momentum continues to strengthen, particularly as they continue to expand their menu options
with limited time offers and are increasing promotional activities. Branded foodservice demand, as it
relates to entertainment, stadium or hospitality venues, for instance, is recovering at a slower pace.

In EMEA and the Americas, during the first quarter, our restaurant and other foodservice customers were
still impacted by government-imposed COVID-19 restrictions in many markets. There's now optimism
with many of these customers related to restrictions easing and reopening plans. Focus has shifted
from adapting operating models to supply chain preparedness for the second half of the year. We're
collaborating with our customers to ensure a strong recovery with pent-up demand being met. We expect
the recovery of some of our branded food customers will start to begin, similar to what we've seen in
APZ. As QSR customers are oriented less to dine-in, their recovery will be at a faster pace than the rest of
the restaurant and foodservice industry. We have positive fundamentals in place to navigate through this
period and are excited about the recovery momentum.

Across our entire Flavor Solutions portfolio, we are advantaged by our differentiated customer
engagement and plan on driving further wins for both us and our customers in fiscal 2021. With our
customer intimacy approach, we'll continue to drive new product wins; collaborate on opportunities and
solutions; manage the recovery plans; and importantly, further strengthen our customer partnerships.

When we collaborate with our customers in our technical innovation centers, we have a high win rate.
Since we could not connect in person during 2020, we adapted to new ways of collaborating through

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

creative digital and virtual solutions. The interactive experience for our customers build their excitement,
awareness and confidence in our unique capabilities in an engaging and inspiring way. We continue to
not only strengthen our engagement in 2020, but we also proved we could maintain our high win rate,
whether physically in our innovation centers or not, and have carried that momentum into 2021.

In our Flavor Solutions segment, the execution of our strategy to migrate our portfolio to more technically
insulated and value-added categories will continue in 2021. The top line opportunities gained from our
investments to expand flavor scale, our momentum in flavor categories as well as opportunities from our
FONA acquisition, we expect to realize further results from this strategy.

Lastly, we continue to be recognized for our efforts for doing what's right for people, communities and the
planet, our purpose-led performance. Following being named by Corporate Knights in their 2021 Global
100 Most Sustainable Corporations Index as #1 in the packaged food and processed foods and ingredients
sector, McCormick was also recently named to Barron's 2021 100 Most Sustainable Companies list for the
fourth consecutive year. As we continue our sustainability journey, I'm excited to announce that later this
week, we will begin using 100% renewable electricity in all our Maryland- and New Jersey-based facilities.
This includes our manufacturing operations, distribution centers, offices and technical innovation centers,
and will result in an 11% reduction in our global greenhouse gas emissions.

Moving to Slide 16. In summary, we continue to capture the momentum we have gained in our Consumer
segment and with our Flavor Solutions at-home customers, have positive fundamentals in place to
navigate through the Flavor Solutions away-from-home recovery and are excited about our Cholula and
FONA acquisitions, all of which bolster our confidence for continued growth in 2021. Our fundamentals,
momentum and growth outlook are stronger than ever. Our achievements in 2020, our effective strategy,
our robust operating momentum and the breadth and reach of our portfolio reinforce our confidence in
delivering another strong year of growth and performance in 2021.

Following an extraordinary year in 2020, our 2021 outlook reflects both our strong underlying base
business performance and acquisitions driving significant sales growth as well as strong operating
income growth, even considering extraordinary COVID-19 costs and our business transformation
investments, which highlights our focus on profit realization. Our top-tier long-term growth objectives
remain unchanged and we're positioned for continued success.

Importantly, McCormick employees around the world drive our momentum and success, and I would like
to thank them for their dedicated efforts and engagement.

Now I'll turn it over to Mike.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. I'll now provide some additional comments on our first
quarter performance and an update on our 2021 outlook. As Lawrence mentioned, our first quarter results
were outstanding.

Starting with our top line growth. As seen on Slide 18, we grew sales 20% in constant currency during the
first quarter. Higher volume and product mix, acquisitions and pricing each contributed to the increase.
Our organic sales growth was 16%, driven by our Consumer segment. And incremental sales from our
Cholula and FONA acquisitions contributed 4% across both segments.

The Consumer segment sales grew 32% in constant currency with double-digit growth in all 3 regions. The
sustained shift in consumer consumption continues to drive increased demand for our consumer products,
fueled by our brand marketing, new products and category management initiatives and resulted in higher
volume and mix in each region.

On Slide 19, Consumer segment sales in the Americas increased 30% in constant currency versus the first
quarter of 2020, with 5% of the increase from the acquisition of Cholula. The remaining increase from
higher volume and product mix was broad-based across the majority of categories and brands as well as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

private label products, with particular strength in the McCormick, Frank's RedHot, French's, Zatarain's,
Lawry’s, Simply Asia and Gourmet Garden brands.

In EMEA, constant currency Consumer sales growth grew 26% from 1 year ago with double-digit growth
in all countries and categories across the region. The most significant volume and mix growth drivers were
Schwartz-and Ducros-branded spices and seasonings, Vahiné homemade dessert products, Thai Kitchen
products and our Kamis-branded products in Poland.

Consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region increased 55% in constant currency, driven primarily by
the recovery from the disruption in China consumption last year, as Lawrence mentioned. Excluding
that recovery impact, the region had double-digit growth due to strong China consumer and branded
foodservice demand, partially driven by the timing of Chinese New Year and related holiday promotions as
well as continued strength in Australia.

Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment in Slide 22. We grew first quarter constant currency sales 3%.
In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales grew 2%, driven by the FONA and Cholula
acquisitions, a 7% increase as well as pricing to offset cost increases. Volume and product mix declined
due to a reduction in demand from branded foodservice and other restaurant customers, partially offset by
higher demand from packaged food companies, with particular strength in snack seasonings and savory
flavors.

In EMEA, constant currency sales were comparable to last year as pricing actions offset cost increases.
Volume and product mix declined due to lower sales to branded foodservice and other restaurant
customers, partially offset by sales growth with packaged food companies, with strength in snack
seasonings.

In the Asia Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales rose 18% in constant currency driven by higher sales to
QSRs in China and Australia, partially due to our customers' limited time offers and promotional activities
as well as the China recovery impact from last year's COVID-19-related lockdown.

As seen on Slide 26, adjusted operating income, which excludes transaction and integration costs related
to the Cholula and FONA acquisitions as well as special charges, increased 35%, or in constant currency,
32% in the first quarter versus the year ago period. The Consumer segment adjusted operating income
grew 59% to $190 million. The 54% constant currency growth from higher sales, favorable mix and CCI-
led cost savings more than offset COVID-19-related costs and a 17% increase in brand marketing. In the
Flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income declined 4% to $73 million with minimal impact
from currency. Higher sales and CCI-led cost savings were more than offset by unfavorable manufacturing
costs.

As seen on Slide 27, adjusted gross profit margin expanded 60 basis points in the first quarter versus
the year ago period due to favorable mix, both within the Consumer segment and due to the sales shift
between segments. In addition, CCI-led cost savings were partially offset by COVID-19-related costs. Our
selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was down year-on-year by 100
basis points from the first quarter of last year. Leverage from sales growth drove the decline, partially
offset by the increase in brand marketing I mentioned a moment ago. With the gross margin expansion
and SG&A leverage, adjusted operating margin expanded 160 basis points from the first quarter of 2020.

Turning to income taxes on Slide 28. Our first quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 22.7% compared to
18.4% in the year ago period. The first quarter adjusted tax rate in 2020 was significantly impacted by a
favorable discrete item related to a refinement of our entity structure.

Income from unconsolidated operations increased 28% in the first quarter of 2021 due to strong
underlying performance of our joint venture in Mexico.

At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 30, first quarter 2021 adjusted earnings per share was $0.72 as
compared to $0.54 for the year ago period. The increase was due to our higher adjusted operating income
performance, partially offset by a higher adjusted income tax rate.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

On Slide 31, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations
was an outflow of $32 million for the first quarter of 2021 compared to an inflow of $45 million in the first
quarter of 2020. This change was primarily due to a lower level of cash generated from working capital
associated with increased sales, higher incentive compensation payments and the payment of transaction
and integration costs related to our recent acquisitions.

In February, we raised $1 billion through the issuance of 5-year 0.9% notes and 10-year 1.85% notes. We
took the opportunity in a low interest rate environment to optimize our long-term financing following our
Cholula and FONA acquisitions.

We also returned $91 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $49 million for
capital expenditures this quarter. We expect 2021 to be another year of strong cash flow driven by profit
and working capital initiatives. And our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding
investments to fuel growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and
paying down debt.

Now I would like to discuss our 2021 financial outlook on Slides 32 and 33. With our broad and
advantaged flavor portfolio, our robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies, we are
well positioned for another year of differentiated growth and performance. In our 2021 outlook, we are
projecting top line and earnings growth from our strong base business and acquisition contribution,
with earnings growth partially offset by incremental COVID-19 costs and ERP investments as well as a
higher projected adjusted effective tax rate. We also expect there will be an estimated 2 percentage point
favorable impact of currency rates on sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share.

At the top line, due to our first quarter results and robust operating momentum, we are increasing our
expected constant currency sales growth to 6% to 8% compared to 5% to 7% previously, which continues
to include the incremental impact of the Cholula and FONA acquisitions at the projected range of 3.5% to
4%. We anticipate our organic growth will be primarily led by higher volume and product mix driven by
our category management, brand marketing, new products and customer engagement growth plans.

As Lawrence mentioned earlier, we expect sales growth to vary by region and quarter in 2021, given
2020's level of demand volatility and the pace of the COVID-19 recovery. But importantly, we continue
to expect we will drive overall organic sales growth for the full year in both of our segments. We are now
projecting our 2021 adjusted gross profit margin to be comparable to 2020 due to increasing inflationary
pressure, mainly due to transportation costs. But our inflation expectation for the full year remains a low
single-digit increase. Our adjusted gross margin projection reflects margin accretion from the Cholula and
FONA acquisition as well as unfavorable sales mix to both segments and COVID-19 costs. Our estimate
for COVID-19 costs remains unchanged at $60 million in 2021 as compared to $50 million in 2020 and
weighted to the first half of the year. As a reminder, fiscal 2021's COVID-19 costs are largely from third-
party manufacturing costs.

Reflecting the increase in our sales outlook, we are also increasing our expected constant currency
adjusted operating income growth. Our adjusted operating income growth rate reflects expected
strong underlying performance from our base business and acquisitions projected to be 11% to 13%
constant currency growth compared to 10% to 12% previously. This is partially offset by a 1% impact
from increased COVID-19 costs compared to 2020 and a 3% impact of the estimated incremental ERP
investment. This results in total projected adjusted operating income growth rate of 7% to 9% in constant
currency, increased from 6% to 8% previously. This projection reflects the inflationary pressure I just
mentioned as well as our CCI-led cost savings target of approximately $110 million. We also continue to
expect a low single-digit increase in brand marketing investments, which will be heavier in the first half of
the year.

We also reaffirm our 2021 adjusted effective income tax rate, projected to be approximately 23%. This
outlook versus our 2020 adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be a headwind to our 2021 adjusted
earnings per share growth of approximately 4%.

We are increasing our 2021 adjusted earnings per share expectations to growth of 5% to 7%, which
includes a favorable impact from currency. This increase reflects our higher adjusted operating profit

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

outlook and the impact from optimizing our long-term financing which I mentioned earlier. Our guidance
range for the adjusted earnings per share in 2021 is now $2.97 to $3.02 compared to $2.91 to $2.96
previously. This compares to $2.83 of adjusted earnings per share in 2020. This growth reflects strong
base business and acquisition performance growth of 11% to 13% in constant currency, partially offset
by the impacts I just mentioned related to COVID-19 costs, our incremental ERP investment and the tax
headwind.

Based on the expected timing of some expense items, such as COVID-19 costs and brand marketing
investments, as well as a low tax rate in the first half of last year, we expect our earnings growth to be
weighted to the second half of the year. Our first quarter's performance was a strong start to the year,
and we are optimistic for the balance of the year. But we recognize we are lapping a very strong earnings
performance in the second quarter of 2020 while also making investments to drive growth in 2021.

In summary, we are projecting strong underlying base business performance and growth from acquisitions
in our 2021 outlook, with earnings growth partially offset by incremental COVID-19 costs and the ERP
investment as well as a higher projected effective tax rate.

I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to
recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 34.

Our first quarter results with double digit sales, adjusted operating income and earnings growth were an
outstanding start to the year and bolster our confidence in a stronger 2021 outlook. We have a strong
foundation and a balanced portfolio which drives consistency in our performance. We are confident the
sustainability of higher at-home consumption will persist beyond the pandemic, and we are well positioned
to capitalize on accelerating consumer trends as well as prepared for away-from-home consumption
recovery.

Cholula and FONA have both started the year with strong momentum and results. Our enthusiasm for
these acquisitions and our confidence that we will deliver on our plans has only strengthened over the last
few months.

Our fundamentals, momentum and growth outlook are stronger than ever. Our 2021 outlook reflects
another year of differentiated growth and performance while also making investments for the future. We
are confident we will continue on our growth trajectory in 2021 and beyond.
Now let's turn to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our First question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I guess, first off, it sounds like you are making, as expected, good progress on getting many of those
suspended items and SKUs back on the shelf as your capacity comes on stream. It sounds like there's
still some more to go as you move through the year, I guess, particularly in 2Q. Is there any way you can
maybe dimensionalize that a bit on how significant that refill might be in 2Q? Even if it's like versus the
magnitude of what you saw in 1Q, just to try and put some context around it.

And have you had any challenges in getting some of those suspended items back on the shelf at all?
Because I know that in Europe, you mentioned you had actually benefited from incremental shelf
placement at the expense of some competitors that had some capacity issues. I didn't know if the reverse
had been an issue for you here. And then I've just got a follow-up.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Andrew. Well, as we've gone through the COVID crisis in 2020, we undershipped consumption every
quarter because we were not able to keep up with the extended, elevated levels of demand overall. And
in order to keep our best-selling items; our core items; and in particular as we got to the fall, protect the
holiday items, we did suspend a substantial number of items. And hence, we've added capacity. We've
been steadily restoring them as we've gone through this first quarter of this year.

And I'd say that right now, we probably are around the halfway point in terms of getting items back on
the shelf. But any -- you or anyone on this call and certainly my friends and family, who hector me about
this endlessly, can walk into any store and find that there are a lot of holes on the shelf and a lot of our
products that are not yet in full distribution. And even within a given account, the store-by-store situation,
it might be different. There's a supply chain aspect to it, there's a retail work aspect to getting on the
shelf. And I think that this is going to be a steady rebuild as we go through the rest of the year. I know
we've made a good start on it in Q1, but we have quite a long way to go. And it's -- I would hesitate to get
overly precise about it. I would expect to see the shelf getting restored as we go through the year.

I think one of the big variables for us, Andrew, is just the strength of the consumer demand. Consumer
demand has been higher than we originally planned. And so we're actually not as far along in our
restoration plans as we would have hoped. That's because, as fast as we supply the market, consumers
are pulling the product through. But I do think that it's hard -- I'd say it's hard for us to dimensionalize.

I will emphasize it's an Americas problem. Most of the world, we are shipping to consumption. And our
supply chain is well caught up. Our service levels are solid. And it's in the Americas where we've got some
catching up to do. And in most categories here in the Americas, we're also shipping to consumption as
well. It's primarily a herbs and spices and our recipe mixes situation.

I think you're going to see a big change in the TDPs as we go through the coming weeks. And I think I'm
sure we've hit bottom on that and have already turned the corner just because of the restoration efforts
that we...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

I think just to add to that, too. We're being a little bit -- we're optimistic but prudent. I mean, the second
quarter of last year, as you remember, we grew total consumer sales 28%. 36% in the Americas. So it's a
tough comp as we look forward, but we're optimistic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. Understood. And thank you for the TDP comment. That leads into just a quick follow-up, which is,
where do you -- what's your best guess at where TDPs might end up, like once we get to a steady state,
let's say, versus 2019? I'm assuming they will be down a bit just as you have come through this and
maybe in a more efficient shelf going forward, even though I know they probably reached, obviously, more
depth during the actual pandemic and then as you recover. But would you expect TDPs to be down maybe
a couple of percent going forward on sort of a steady state?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

That's a very astute observation. As we've gone through this, we've not only suspended SKUs, but we've
also rationalized SKUs. We've eliminated a couple of hundred SKUs that were slower-moving. The items
that we have now are much higher velocity on average.

We're also continuing the aisle reinvention program and setting store shelves. We -- in spite of the COVID
situation last year and all of the restrictions around working the shelf, we were able to reset over 5,000
stores. We expect at least that many this year. And we're definitely getting a lift from that. And at the
same time, it does reduce the SKU count. [ So it's a more ] efficient set.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

You have a unique perspective because you see broadly across so many retail and foodservice categories.
I'm curious, in the U.S. restaurant sales, they're doing better, right? Americans are traveling much more.
But at the same time, we're seeing overall food-at-home takeaway really remained strong, and I think
probably better than what some may have expected. Obviously, down on a weekly basis, but still better on
a 2-year.

So I'm just curious, are you surprised? And how do you reconcile the improved foodservice sales that
we're seeing across the entire industry with what I would consider still impressive at-home trends? I never
want to bet against the simplest explanation, which is that Americans are just eating more. But I think the
total implied increase in food numbers is notable. I'm just curious for your thoughts there.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Right. Ken. Thanks. And by the way, you win the award for the best headline on your [ screen note ]. That
was awesome.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

All the shorts are mad at me for overstating it. So it works both ways.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Right. Well, I would say, first of all, the food-at-home consumption really is strong. I mean, we're seeing
that ourselves and in our business, of course. And also in our Flavor Solutions business, where the other
CPG companies are our customers. And we sort of -- we see -- we're seeing a lot of strength there.

I think on restaurant, it's actually a mixed bag. The quick service restaurants are doing well. I think during
the first quarter, there were a lot of -- because everyone thinks about the state we're in today, but think
about December and January, there were a lot of new lockdowns that were put in place, and restrictions

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

that were -- had been lifted were reinstated. So I'd say that the branded foodservice side, the restaurant
customers, might be off to a little bit slower start to the year than everyone may be thinking.

I do think there's a lot of optimism among restaurant operators as we go into the second quarter and as
the vaccination rates go up and many of these restrictions are lifted. And I think that, that group will come
back stronger. But certainly for the beginning of the year, they're off to a little bit of a slower start.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And I know we're running a little long, but I wanted to sneak one more in, which is it's always
dangerous to ask about math on earnings calls. But back of the envelope, it seems you're implying now
that, for the last 9 months of the year, right, 2Q to 4Q, organic sales growth is actually going to be a little
bit less than what you anticipated a few months ago. And I'm just basing this on some of your guidance
items. So is it fair to say that the first quarter overshipment was so strong that it maybe pulled forward
some of your expected shipments ahead? Or am I really parsing that info too finely and you're not really
making any implied changes to the...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, no. Our intent was to reflect the sales growth overdelivery that we've got in the first quarter, but --
which was high. But we really did not change our outlook for the rest of the year.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Year to go for the total constant organic, as we call it, is basically the same. It's plus or minus 1% for
the year. So we've called our base up, the range of 2.5% to 4%, up 1%. But you're right, year to go is
basically what we said before. We haven't called it down.

But I know, as you and others, the 2-year CAGRs are what's really an impressive part as we start
measuring this and looking at lapping things. So those are actually above our organic growth guidance,
long term, that we're seeing now.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

And it is just the first quarter. So we're trying to be both -- express our optimism because, I mean, the
business is very strong, but also be a bit prudent. I mean...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

We're lapping a big second quarter...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

And we're lapping a big second quarter.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I don't think you're in the practice of giving us your COVID costs. But I was wondering if they now need to
be higher this year than expected because you need to rely on third parties more than you thought. And if
you can maybe compare that to 2020.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

I'm also wondering if I could look at second quarter in a different way. I know the year-over-year is
difficult to look at. But sequentially, you typically have higher sales in 2Q than you have in 1Q and higher
first -- and higher profit. But I think consensus is assuming that, that won't happen. So I know you've
given us first half, second half, guidance, but wondering for a little more clarity on how 2Q compares to 1Q
maybe sequentially.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. This is Mike. On the COVID costs, we've said previously, and we haven't changed from that. We spent
about $50 million last year and we're going to spend about $60 million this year. So up about $10 million.
Now the timing of that is a little different. It's going to be first half heavily weighted in 2021. A lot of that
is the [ co-man ] cost we've talked of before.

Kind of leading into your second question, that [ co-man ] was coming in, the first quarter wasn't a full
impact of the [ co-man ] cost as we've ramped things up. So really, the second quarter is where that
would be, every month, we'll have the full [ co-man ] costs. So that's a little bit of a headwind in the
second quarter.

We talked about the first quarter, our Consumer A&P was up around 17%. We're going to have another
investment of A&P in the second quarter to drive sales, as we said. So again, that's part of the front --
first half, second half story.

So I think Q2 has a bit of a headwind from an expense perspective and a COVID and an A&P cost
perspective, and also the tax rate. They're going down to the EPS line.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. I'll leave it there.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

I'd say maybe to summarize this. We talked about the year being a first half, second half story. Within the
first half, there's a first quarter and a second story -- second quarter story. Think of it that way.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. And again, first half EPS still up versus a year ago.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes.

Operator

Next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So you mentioned e-commerce briefly in the prepared remarks. Could you give us a little bit more color
region by region? You talked about strong double-digit growth, and I'm just wondering how that varied
in the various parts of the world. And are you seeing a slowdown in some of those areas at this point as
reopening happens? And then I have a follow-up.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

Sure. Well, first of all, e-commerce is strong everywhere. We talked last year about triple-digit. And at
the end of the year, we said e-commerce total was around -- I think it was 136% increase year-on-year.
It's not quite triple-digit, but a very strong double-digit increase in the first quarter, again, on top of the
strong performance last year. So I mean, I'd say that, that's still pretty explosive growth. And we have no
disappointment about that.

I'd say the omnichannel particularly is very strong. And I don't -- I think that -- well, the numbers may be
slightly different region to region, but the trend is the same direction globally. I think consumers have had
a good experience shopping online.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

I think it's a habit that they're going to continue using, too, is what we're seeing, right? Some of our
consumer research.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. And then in terms of new product launches, it sounds as though you've
obviously got an impressive lineup for 2021. Is your percentage of sales from new products trending
upwards? I imagine it was slower last year because of the pandemic. I don't know whether you can
quantify exactly what percentage of sales from new products you're anticipating this year and how that
compares to maybe where you were 1 year ago.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

I'll let Mike speak to the numbers of...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

I think it's more -- think of it as a more normal year. And in a normal year, we're talking about 7% or 8%
of our of products introduced in the last 3 years make up our sales base. It would have been less last year
because of the pandemic. But with kind of a strong ramp of new products into 2021, as we've seen, and
then we get back to more than longer-term numbers.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. A number of the items that we launched last year, we got less placement on them because of the
focus on core items, not just by us, but by retailers.

On the other hand, where they did get into distribution, they've got an extraordinary amount of trial. And
so some of the items that we did launch last year are among our best-performing new items in a while.
And we're really treating 2021 as a continuation of the launch year for the NPD we introduced last year. So
it gives us quite a pipeline for this year.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So I just wanted to -- 2 clarification questions. First, the -- relative to the earnings call in January, the
expectations on raw materials and cost inflation were unchanged. And just to be clear, just in terms of
what you're seeing in terms of freight, packaging, variety of raw material ingredients, is that something
where you had enough contracted and not exposed to the spot market to insulate you for fiscal '21? Or is
it just your aggregate commodity basket really hasn't moved that much? Because I mean, in...

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. This is Mike. I mean, we haven't changed our guidance for the year, still low single digits. Obviously,
a lot of commodities and packaging, to your point, is already contracted. I mean, freights a variable that
we've talked about. And one of the reasons we've said it, while we've had really great growth and mix
and things like that and the long-term debt optimization, we didn't drop it all through to the bottom line
because of some pressure from increased inflation from transportation, just like every other company has
been seeing recently. And those -- we've recognized that in our forecast and our guidance. But we're still
low single digits generally.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

All right. That's really helpful. And then the second clarification, just you talked about overshipping
Americas consumption growth of 15%. And I'm just trying to make sure, in the slides, the Americas
volume price/mix -- or product mix is up 25 -- 24.5%. Is that apples-to-apples versus the 15%? Or what's
the -- just trying to understand the magnitude of how much you were actually overshipping in the period.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

In the year ago -- this is Lawrence. In the year ago, in the first quarter of last year, it seems like a long
-- a lifetime ago, in the Americas, we actually undershipped consumption in the first quarter a year ago.
And so at the time, we said it was about a 4% impact on the Americas. And so I think you should factor
that out. And so the overshipment versus consumption might be a little bit less than it seems. We hope to,
actually, to build -- rebuild stocks in the trade more than we did, and the consumption was very strong.

Operator

We're nearing the end of our question-and-answer session for today and have time for one additional
question, which is coming from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just -- I'll make it quick here. I know we're at the end of this, but so real quickly, just to understand.
As we think about those third-party co-manufacturing costs and a bit of a weight on the gross margin,
do those continue all through the year? Just understand, like, are you using third parties just to rebuild
inventory? And then you kind of shut that down? Or is this something that will be ongoing in terms of your
sort of supply of product in the future?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Chris, it's Mike. One, we're always using co-manufacturers. That's a part of our supply chain. As we talked
about though, for the year, we've really stretched some of those strategic co-packers that help us out
shorter-term, really focused on the first 6 months of the year, very volume-dependent. So our -- the way
we're thinking now is, again, the second quarter will be the heaviest spend. There will be -- some probably
rolls in the third quarter or so. But -- and we'll see what volume is, too, what consumption continues,
that's something we would assess as we always do. And as our supply chain continues to recover, that's
another variable that could speed it up or slow it down. So those are all considered in our guidance
[ there ].

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then just a quick one on -- as I think about what's happening in China, you saw double-digit
consumption in Consumer sales. And I think that even excludes the branded foodservice you sell --
products you sell, as well as a really strong recovery in foodservice. I guess I just want to understand,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

make sure those numbers are accurate. And then to the degree to which that is somewhat of a predictor
of what could happen in the U.S. as we start to lap the tougher comps on the Consumer side with the easy
comps on the foodservice side, are you learning anything from what's happening in China as an indicator
for the U.S.?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I think that the interesting thing in China is that, even though they're well past the COVID impact
and are very far along in recovery, consumption of food at home remains strong even as foodservice has
recovered. I think it's interesting to look around the region also. Because what we're talking about is the
Asia Pacific region, it's not just China, that's the biggest market there. But markets like Australia, which is
also pretty far along that recovery. And even though foodservice has rebounded, it's not back to the same
level that it once was, and consumption of food at home has continued to be very strong.

It goes to the point that we've been making, which is that this has been a long-term trend anyway, for
consumers to cook more at home and more from scratch at home when they do. And the COVID situation
reinforced that behavior, it helped a whole new generation of cooks learn how to cook their family recipes
that maybe they relied on mom or grandma...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Or a new eating occasion at home, like lunch.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

They do -- whole new eating occasions like lunch as people work remotely. I think there are a lot of
reasons to believe that consumption at home is going to continue to be elevated.

Operator

Thank you. I will now turn the floor back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

I'd like to thank everyone for your questions and for participating in today's call. I apologize to those that
we didn't get to in the queue. We did have a very long script today. We had a lot of information to get out.

McCormick is differentiated by the breadth and reach of our balanced portfolio, which has sustainably
positioned us for growth. We're very pleased with our outstanding first quarter operating performance,
which proves the strength of our business model, the value of our products and our capabilities as a
company. We expect to drive even further growth as we continue to execute on our long-term growth
performance and people strategies, actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on new
opportunities.

Our investments provide a new foundation for growth while enhancing our agility and our relevance with
consumers and customers, which positions us well for continued success and long-term shareholder value
creation.

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to everybody for joining today's call. And again, we apologize to those
who we did not get, and I would be happy to follow up with you after the call. If there are any further
questions from anybody regarding today's information, please feel free to contact me.
This concludes this morning's conference call. Thank you very much.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

