McKesson Corporation NYSE:MCK
FQ1 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 04, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2022-

-FQ2 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.14

5.56

Revenue  (mm)

60164.11

62674.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-02-2021 3:11 PM GMT

34.30

4.17

4.66

19.24

20.45

62910.09

249920.87

258966.90

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.88

4.13

5.05

4.14

4.80

4.60

5.05

5.56

23.71 %

11.38 %

0.00 %

34.30 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to McKesson's Q1 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like
to turn the call over to Holly Weiss. Please go ahead.

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jenny. Good afternoon, and welcome, everyone, to McKesson's First Quarter Fiscal 2022
Earnings Call. Today, I'm joined by Brian Tyler, our Chief Executive Officer; and Britt Vitalone, our Chief
Financial Officer. Brian will lead off, followed by Britt, and then we will move to a question-and-answer
session.

Today's discussion will include forward-looking statements such as forecast about McKesson's operations
and future results. Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's press release and our slide
presentation and to the Risk Factors section of our periodic SEC filings for additional information
concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to materially differ from those in our forward-
looking statements.

During this call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information about our non-GAAP
financial measures, including a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP results is included in today's
press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website at investor.mckesson.com.

With that, let me turn it over to Brian.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Thank you, Holly, and good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter call today.
We are pleased to be reporting a strong start to our fiscal 2022, which reflects continued operating
momentum across our businesses despite the fact that our markets are still recovering from the impacts
of COVID-19. We're also making significant progress against our strategic priorities and our commitment
to do what's in the best interest of you, our shareholders.

Before we get to our first quarter results, I want to provide an update on the progress made towards
the broad resolution of governmental opioid-related claims. On July 21 we announced that McKesson,
along with 2 other distributors, negotiated a comprehensive proposed settlement agreement, which, if all
conditions are satisfied, would result in a settlement of a substantial majority of opioid lawsuits filed by
state and local governmental entities.

This broad resolution -- if this broad agreement becomes effective, the agreement reached between the
distributors and the state of New York and its participating subdivisions to settle opioid-related claims will
become part of this broader settlement agreement. Under the negotiated proposed settlement agreement
and subject to final state territorial and political subdivision participation, McKesson will pay up to $7.9
billion over a period of 18 years. Over the next several months, we will monitor participation of the eligible
governmental entities to determine if participation levels are sufficient to proceed.

This is an important development, and I am pleased with the progress we've made after years of
negotiations. If we're able to reach a final settlement, it would provide immediate relief to thousands
of communities across the United States that have been impacted by this public health crisis. While we
strongly dispute the allegations made in these lawsuits, we believe that bringing resolution to these
outstanding claims is in the best interest of those impacted by this crisis. We also believe resolution is in
the best interest of our shareholders, and will allow us to further focus on the business and our role in
protecting the safety and the integrity of the pharmaceutical supply chain.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

We remain committed to doing our part to fight against the opioid epidemic, through efforts to
continuously enhance our anti-diversion programs and to advocate for reform at the state and national
level. If the settlement cannot be finalized or plaintiffs instead choose to pursue their claims in court, we
are prepared to litigate against those claims, and we remain confident in our defenses.

We also recently announced that we entered into an agreement to sell several of our McKesson Europe
businesses to the Phoenix Group, who we believe is the right and natural successor to McKesson and
the ideal leader of these European businesses going forward. The agreement includes our McKesson
Europe businesses in France, Italy, Ireland, Portugal, Belgium and Slovenia, as well as our German AG
headquarters in Stuttgart, our shared service center in Lithuania, our German wound care business and
our equity stake in our joint venture in the Netherlands. This transaction is expected to close in fiscal
2023, subject to customary closing conditions including the receipt of required regulatory approvals.

Our remaining European businesses in the U.K., Norway, Austria and Denmark were not included in this
transaction and will continue to be operated by McKesson. However, we are exploring strategic alternatives
for these remaining businesses as we align future investments to our growth strategies outside of Europe.
We believe fully exiting Europe is another step towards becoming a more streamlined and efficient
organization.

Let me turn now to our performance in the quarter. We are continuing to see the operating momentum
we discussed on our fourth quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call. Today, we're reporting adjusted earnings
per diluted share of $5.56, ahead of our original expectations, resulting from the strength across our
businesses and our roles in the COVID-19 response efforts across the geographies in which we operate.
Our U.S. and international distribution businesses are playing an integral role in the pandemic response
and our operational excellence and capabilities continue to be highlighted through our evolving partnership
with the U.S. government's COVID-19 vaccine distribution efforts.

Through July, our U.S. Pharmaceutical business has successfully distributed over 185 million Moderna and
J&J COVID-19 vaccines to administration sites across the United States, and our medical business has now
assembled enough kits to support the administration of more than 785 million doses for all vaccine types.

Also in the quarter, the U.S. government asked McKesson to support their mission of sending millions
of COVID-19 vaccines to countries in need all around the globe. We are picking and packing Moderna
and Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccines into temperature-controlled coolers and preparing these
vaccines for pickup by international partners, all with the direction of the U.S. government. McKesson is
not managing the actual shipments of vaccines to other countries.

Through July, we successfully prepared over 65 million COVID-19 vaccines for shipment abroad. We are
humbled and honored to serve the U.S. government in this expanded role.

Our roles in Europe and Canada are also continuing to evolve, and we're partnering with local
governments to distribute and administer COVID-19 vaccines there as well. Through July, we've
distributed over 45 million vaccines to administration sites in select markets across these geographies.
Based on our first quarter results, our evolving roles in the COVID-19 response efforts and our confidence
in our outlook for the remainder of our fiscal 2022, we are raising our adjusted earnings per diluted share
guidance to $19.80 to $20.40, from a previous range of $18.85 to $19.45.

As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're making significant progress against our strategic priorities.
We're simplifying the portfolio and increasing our focus on areas where we have deep expertise and
that are central to our long-term growth strategy. Our progress to date is underpinned by execution
against our top company priorities. The first is a focus on the people and the culture. The second is our
commitment to strengthen the core pharmaceutical and medical supply chain businesses. The third, our
intentional efforts to simplify and streamline the business. And finally, we continue to invest, to advance
our differentiated oncology and biopharma services ecosystems. Let me now touch briefly on the progress
we're making across each of these priorities.

First and foremost, we're prioritizing our people and advancing our company's culture as we strive to
be recognized as an impact-driven organization and the best place to work in health care. We've been

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

hard at work to transform and energize our company's culture. Our ICARE and ILEAD values serve as the
foundation as we work toward our common goal, advancing health outcomes for all.

As an organization, we're committed to advancing diversity, equity and inclusion. For the sixth consecutive
year, McKesson was named a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion. McKesson earned a top
ranking score of 100 on the 2021 Disability Equality Index. In addition, we marked progress in diverse
representation in the U.S. with female executive representation up 3% over the prior year and a 6% gain
over the prior year in executive representation for persons of color.

Our second company priority is to strengthen our core distribution businesses where we have market-
leading scale and capabilities across North America. Success in the core enables strong cash flow
generation, which we in turn use to reinvest in the business and to return capital to our shareholders.
In addition to our work to help our customers and government partners in their pandemic response
efforts, our pharmaceutical and medical surgical distribution businesses are continuing to improve, and
the recovery from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic has been in line with our expectations. Elective
procedures and primary care visits have improved throughout our first quarter and prescription volume
trends are showing signs of improvement as well.

Also positive are the trends we've seen across specialty and oncology patient visits, which were at
or above pre-COVID baselines in the first quarter. And distribution volumes to our specialty provider
customers continue to drive and support our growth. In our Canadian distribution business, our
operational excellence and scale was recently recognized through a new partnership with one of Canada's
largest retailers as a primary distribution customer. This is a testament to the strength of our supply chain
in Canada.

The renewed focus on growing the core has been enabled by our commitment to streamline the business
over the past several years, efforts that go beyond our recent announcement to exit the European
region, which I commented on in my opening remarks. Over the past several years, we've committed
to transforming our operating model. We've centralized back-office functions across North America and
Europe to further rationalize costs through a reduction of our owned retail pharmacy footprint and a
commitment to lower spend across the organization.

Throughout our enterprise, there's an initiative we called Spend Smart, which helped us achieve our 3-
year cost reduction target of $400 million to $500 million of annual cost savings by the end of our fiscal
2021. Over time, we've identified businesses that are not central to McKesson's current strategic priorities
or direction, as was the case in our exit of our position in Change Healthcare and the creation of a German
wholesale joint venture with Walgreens Boots Alliance. We will continually review our portfolio to ensure
tight and focused alignment to our strategy.

All of this work has enabled us to focus our time and investments on our strategic growth pillars, where
we're working to build connected ecosystems in the growth areas of oncology and biopharma services,
which serve to advance our already differentiated positions. We continue to be confident in the long-term
outlook of businesses that operate in these high-growth markets.

Starting with oncology, an ecosystem that McKesson has strategically built over a period of nearly 15
years, beginning with our acquisition of oncology therapeutics network all the way back in 2007, which
added at that time, core specialty distribution capabilities. 10 years ago, we deepened the breadth and the
depth of our offering with the acquisition of U.S. Oncology Network, which gave us practice management,
site management for research and the iKnowMed EHR, which is one of the foundational pieces of Ontada.

Fast forward to today, and we're now supporting over 14,000 specialty physicians through distribution
and GPO services. We're also the leading distributor in community oncology space and have over 1,400
physicians in the U.S. oncology network spread over approximately 600 sites of care in the U.S.

As innovative specialty therapies come to market, our leading position in oncology distribution enables
us to grow our connected oncology ecosystem in parallel. As we grow our nonaffiliated and our U.S.
oncology provider bases, we accelerate the growth of our oncology assets, such as GPO services, practice

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

management, site management for clinical research, specialty pharmacy and our value proposition for
Ontada, where we're providing real-world insight to both manufacturers and providers.

Although in its infancy, Ontada's value is being recognized through expanded partnerships with
manufacturers such as Amgen, and its leading role in a large-scale real-world research study known as
MYLUNG, which aims to improve treatments and outcomes for non-small cell lung cancer.

New therapies coming to market can also provide additional challenges for patients, providers and our
biopharma partners. Our Prescription Technology Solutions business invests in innovation and aims to
provide access, adherence and affordability solutions for over 500 brands across nearly every therapeutic
area. Our connectivity to over 50,000 pharmacies, 750,000 providers and 75% of EHRs in the U.S. helps
enable over 5 billion prescription -- $5 billion of prescription savings for patients each year.

Prescription Technology Solutions ended fiscal 2021 with solid momentum. In the first quarter of fiscal
2022, we saw organic growth in the business and encouraging signs that patient engagement levels and
prescription volume trends are continuing to improve. Our market-leading technology offerings are helping
patients get access to therapies they need more quickly and efficiently and stay on those therapies longer
to get better health outcomes.

In closing, we believe that we've made significant strides against our strategic priorities of strengthening
the core, simplifying the business and investing in our growth areas of oncology and biopharma services.
Announcing the proposed opioid settlement agreement is an important development. In addition, our
strategic intent to exit the European region positions us to become a more focused and agile company.
We believe both are in the best interest of our employees, in the best interest of our customers and in the
best interest of our shareholders.

While it's early in the fiscal year and the pandemic continues to present unknowns, I'm confident in the
fundamentals of the business and believe we are positioned well for long-term growth, and we'll look to
build upon this momentum over the remainder of our fiscal 2022. Thank you for your time.

And with that, I'll turn it over to you, Britt, for a few additional comments.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to speak with you today about our strong
first quarter results, which reflect the importance of the products and services McKesson delivers,
the execution and momentum across our business, which includes supporting the U.S. government's
COVID-19 domestic and international vaccine and kitting efforts, and the recovery of prescription volumes
and patient visits impacted by the COVID pandemic in the prior year.

I'll begin my remarks today by sharing an update on our European businesses, followed by our first
quarter results, and I'll close with an update to our fiscal 2022 outlook. The summary of our first quarter
results and updated guidance assumptions can be found in our earnings slide presentation, which is
posted on the Investors section of our website.

In early July, we announced an agreement to sell our European businesses in France, Italy, Ireland,
Portugal, Belgium and Slovenia to the Phoenix Group. This transaction includes our German AG
headquarters in Stuttgart and our European shared service center in Lithuania. The purchase price for the
transaction was approximately USD 1.5 billion. The ultimate proceeds for this transaction are subject to
certain adjustments under the agreement, therefore, the proceeds may differ from the purchase price.

The assets involved in this transaction contributed approximately $12 billion in revenue and $75 million
in adjusted operating profit in fiscal 2021. We've determined that this transaction shall not qualify for
discontinued operations. The net assets included in the transaction we've classified as held for sale. The
held-for-sale accounting was effective at the start of our second quarter of this fiscal year.

We will remeasure the net assets to the lower carrying amount or fair value, less cost to sell, and we
estimate that this will result in a GAAP-only charge of between $500 million to $700 million in our second

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

quarter of fiscal 2022. Due to held-for-sale accounting treatment, we'll discontinue recording depreciation
and amortization on the assets involved in the transaction. As a result of the held-for-sale accounting, we
would guide to approximately $0.26 adjusted earnings accretion in fiscal 2022. This will be included in our
updated outlook, and I'll outline those later in my remarks.

McKesson will operate these businesses and record revenue and income until the transaction is closed,
which is expected to occur in fiscal 2023. We're committed to exploring strategic alternatives for our
remaining European businesses, and we'll provide details on the plans for the remaining businesses as
they become available. Exiting Europe at this time is the right course of action for McKesson and our
shareholders, and it will sharpen the focus on our growth strategies of oncology and biopharma services as
we develop and grow our connected ecosystem.

Let me now turn to our first quarter results. Before I provide more details on our first quarter adjusted
results, I want to point out 2 items that impacted our GAAP-only results in the quarter.

First, during the June quarter, we committed to donate certain personal protective equipment and related
products to charitable organizations to assist in COVID-19 recovery efforts. In the quarter, we recorded
$155 million of pretax inventory charges within our Medical Surgical Solutions segment for inventory which
we no longer intend to sell and will instead direct to previously mentioned charitable organizations.

And secondly, on our May 6 earnings call, we outlined an initiative to rationalize office space in North
America to increase efficiencies and support increased employee flexibility. These actions will result in the
realization of annual operating expense savings of approximately $60 million to $80 million when fully
implemented. Our guidance does not assume a material benefit in fiscal 2022. In the June quarter, we
reported approximately $95 million of charges associated with this initiative.

Moving now to our adjusted results for the first quarter, beginning with our consolidated results which can
be found on Slide 7. First quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share was $5.56, an increase of 101%
compared to the prior year. This result was driven by the recovery in prescription volumes in primary
care patient visits from the COVID-19 pandemic as we lap the most significant pandemic impacts and
lockdowns in Q1 of fiscal 2021. It also included a lower tax rate and the contribution from COVID-19
vaccine distribution and kitting programs with the U.S. government.

Consolidated revenues of $62.7 billion increased 13% to the prior year, driven by growth in the U.S.
Pharmaceutical segment, largely due to higher volumes from retail national account customers and
price increases on branded and specialty pharmaceuticals, which is partially offset by branded to generic
conversions. Adjusted gross profit was $3.1 billion for the quarter, up 19% compared to the prior year.

Adjusted operating expenses in the quarter increased 6% year-over-year, led by higher operating
expenses to support growth in our core businesses and strategic investments, partially offset by the
contribution of our German wholesale business to the joint venture with Walgreens Boots Alliance.
Adjusted operating profit was $1.1 billion for the quarter, an increase of 55% compared to the prior year,
which reflects double-digit growth in each segment.

Interest expense was $49 million in the quarter, a decline of 18% compared to the prior year, driven by
the retirement of approximately $1 billion of long-term debt in fiscal 2021. Our adjusted tax rate was
11.3% for the quarter due to discrete tax items that were recorded during the quarter. Our full year
adjusted effective tax rate guidance of 18% to 19% remains unchanged. And our first quarter diluted
weighted average shares were 158 million, a decrease of 3% year-over-year driven by $1 billion of shares
repurchased in the first quarter.

Moving now to our first quarter segment results, which can be found on Slides 8 through 12, and I'll start
with U.S. Pharmaceutical. Revenues were $50 billion, an increase of 12% and driven by higher volumes
from retail national account customers and price increases on branded and specialty pharmaceuticals,
partially offset by branded to generic conversions. Adjusted operating profit in the quarter increased 16%
to $682 million, driven by the contribution from COVID-19 vaccine distribution and growth in specialty
products distribution, to our providers and health care systems, which was partially offset by higher
operating costs in support of the company's oncology growth initiative.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Turning to Prescription Technology Solutions. We're very pleased with the strong growth and scale that
we're building in this higher-margin segment. The drivers for our Prescription Technology Solutions
businesses continue to move in the right direction. First, we're seeing expansion in many of our services
businesses as we continue to add more manufacturing partners and programs for our existing solutions
such as electronic prior authorization, our access and adherence services and 3PL.

Second, our technology-based platforms, like Relay Health support, 19 billion clinical and financial
transactions annually, from claims routing in the growing discount card market to alerts in addicts to make
the practice of pharmacy clinically safer and administratively more efficient.

And we continue to invest and innovate to build a connected ecosystem of biopharma services, our next-
generation access and adherence solution, AMP, is showing accelerated adoption and growth with new
brands. This year, AMP is bringing its network-enabled approach to hub services to support our oncology
and specialty drugs covered under the medical benefit.

We also continue to expand our clinical decision support capabilities in provider office workflow across
every major EHR. Our technology network spans every touch point in the patient journey, from doctor's
office to benefit verification to dispensing pharmacy, which allows us to address barriers in the patient
journey by adding unique automation that accelerates time to therapy and lowers patients' out-of-pocket
costs.

In the June quarter, revenues were $881 million, an increase of 34%. And adjusted operating profit
increased 62% to $139 million, driven by higher volumes of technology and service offerings to support
biopharma customers, organic growth from access and adherence solutions and recovery of prescription
volumes from the COVID-19 pandemic.

Moving now to Medical-Surgical Solutions. Revenues were $2.5 billion in the quarter, up 40%, driven
by improvements in primary care patient visits and increased sales of COVID-19 tests. The contribution
for our contract with U.S. government to prepare and distribute ancillary supplies related to the
COVID-19 vaccine provided a benefit of approximately $0.25 in the quarter and were above our original
expectations.

For the quarter, adjusted operating profit increased 107% to $257 million, driven by improvements in
primary care patient visits and the contribution from kitting and distribution of ancillary supplies for the
U.S. government's COVID-19 vaccine program.

Next, let me speak about International. Revenues in the quarter were $9.2 billion, an increase of 8%
year-over-year. Excluding the impact from the divestiture of our German wholesale business, segment
revenue increased 28% year-over-year and was up 14% on an FX-adjusted basis. Revenue was primarily
driven by the contribution of our German wholesale business to the joint venture with Walgreens Boots
Alliance, which was completed during the third quarter of fiscal 2021, and the recovery of pharmaceutical
distribution and retail pharmacy volumes from the COVID-19 pandemic.

First quarter adjusted operating profit increased 133% year-over-year to $170 million. On an FX-adjusted
basis, adjusted operating profit increased 107% to $151 million, led by the recovery of pharmaceutical
distribution and retail pharmacy volumes from the COVID-19 pandemic, and distribution of COVID-19
vaccines and test kits in Europe and Canada.

Moving on to corporate. For the quarter, adjusted corporate expenses were $154 million, a decrease of
7% year-over-year, driven by decreased opioid litigation expenses. We reported opioid-related litigation
expenses of $35 million for the first quarter. We continue to estimate fiscal 2022 opioid-related litigation
expenses to approximate $155 million.

I would remind you that while we've negotiated a comprehensive proposed settlement agreement, until
we know the scope of participation in the proposed settlement, we are not in a position to revise our
opioid litigation expenses outlook.

Let me now turn to our cash position, which can be found on Slide 14. We ended the quarter with a cash
balance of $2.4 billion. During the quarter, we had negative free cash flow of $1.8 billion. As a reminder,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

our working capital metrics and resulting free cash flow vary from quarter-to-quarter and are impacted
by timing, including the day and the week that marks the close of a given quarter. We made $159 million
of capital expenditures in the quarter, which includes investments in technology, data and analytics to
support our strategic initiatives on the -- of oncology and biopharma services.

As our business performed at a very high level, we were also able to return $1.1 billion of cash to our
shareholders in the June quarter. This included $1 billion of share repurchases, pursuant to an accelerated
share repurchase program, which resulted in an initial delivery of 4.3 million shares in the quarter.
Additionally, we paid $69 million in dividends. We have $1.8 billion remaining on our share repurchase
authorization, and we're updating our guidance for diluted weighted shares outstanding to range from 154
million to 156 million for fiscal 2022, which incorporates plans to repurchase an additional $1 billion of
stock over the remainder of the fiscal year.

Let me transition and speak to our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2022. For a full list of fiscal 2022
assumptions, please refer to Slide 16 through 19 in our supplemental slide presentation. I'll begin by
reiterating a couple of key macro level assumptions that underpin our fiscal 2022 outlook.

We expect prescription and patient engagement volumes will demonstrate steady improvement from
the levels at the end of our fiscal 2021 through the first half of our fiscal 2022 and return to pre-COVID
levels in the second half of our fiscal 2022. For fiscal 2022, our updated guidance for adjusted earnings
per diluted share is a range of $19.80 to $20.40, up from our previous range of $18.85 to $19.45,
approximately equally split between our first and second half of the fiscal year. Our updated outlook for
adjusted earnings per diluted share reflects 15% to 18.5% growth from the prior year, and our guidance
assumes core growth across all of our segments.

In the U.S. Pharmaceutical segment, we now expect revenue to increase 5% to 8% and adjusted
operating profit to deliver 4.5% to 7.5% growth over the prior year. Our U.S. Pharmaceutical segment
continues to exhibit stable fundamentals. Our outlook for branded pharmaceutical pricing remains
consistent with the prior year from mid-single-digit increases in fiscal 2022. And the generics market
remains competitive yet stable as volumes have shown signs of recovery.

COVID-19 vaccine contribution contributed approximately $0.30 in the first quarter of fiscal '22. We
are updating our full year outlook to approximately $0.45 to $0.55. The $0.45 to $0.55 range reflects
anticipated contribution of earnings for the fair value of services performed as the U.S. government's
centralized distributor of COVID-19 vaccines, including work preparing vaccines for international missions.
Our current outlook remains aligned to the volume distribution schedule provided by the CDC and the U.S.
government, which excludes booster shots and vaccines for pediatrics, which have not been approved by
the FDA.

We will continue to invest in our leading and differentiated position in oncology. These investments
will represent an approximate $0.20 headwind in fiscal 2022. Normalizing for the COVID-19 vaccine
distribution and our ongoing growth investments, we continue to expect approximately 5% to 8% core
adjusted operating profit growth.

In our Prescription Technology Solutions segment, we see revenue growth of 20% to 25% and adjusted
operating profit growth of 17% to 22%. This growth reflects the opportunities we see to accelerate service
and transaction contributions benefiting from our technology platforms.

Now transitioning to Medical Surgical. We continue to partner with the U.S. government under our contract
for the kitting and distribution of ancillary supplies, and are updating our outlook to $0.35 to $0.45 of
contribution in the segment related to kitting and distribution. This program's scope and duration is
evolving, and our updated assumptions reflects the current outlook provided by the U.S. government.

Our revenue outlook assumes a 3% decline to 3% growth, and adjusted operating profit to deliver 6%
to 12% growth over the prior year. We continue to expect year-over-year core adjusted operating profit
growth of approximately 10% to 16%.

Finally, in the International segment, our revenue guidance was a 1% decline to 4% growth as compared
to the prior year. And as a reminder, this reflects the contribution of our German wholesale business to a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

joint venture with Walgreens Boots Alliance. For adjusted operating profit, our guidance has growth in the
segment of 26% to 30% due to the previously mentioned benefit from the discontinuation of depreciation
and amortization, which followed the announcement of our agreement to sell certain European assets,
our strong performance in the first quarter and the contribution from COVID-19 vaccine distribution in the
segment.

Turning now to the consolidated view. Our guidance assumes 4% to 7% revenue growth and 7% to 10%
adjusted operating profit growth compared to fiscal 2021. And we continue to expect corporate expenses
in the range of $670 million to $720 million.

Let me now turn to cash flow and capital deployment. We were pleased to recently announce the
completion of a cash-funded upsized tender offer. This successful tender offer resulted in the early
retirement of $922 million of our outstanding debt. Additionally, we announced the early retirement of a
EUR 600 million note for a total reduction in debt of approximately $1.6 billion. These actions occurred
during the beginning of our second quarter. It further strengthened our balance sheet and financial
position and they are in line with our previously stated intent to modestly delever. And as a result of these
actions, we're updating our interest expense guidance for fiscal 2022 to $180 million to $200 million.

We're also reiterating our free cash flow guidance of approximately $3.5 billion to $3.9 billion, which is net
of property acquisitions and capitalized software expenses.

Last quarter, I mentioned that we anticipated a use of cash to purchase shares in McKesson Europe
through exercises of a put rate option available to noncontrolling shareholders that expired in June of
fiscal 2022. The remaining put rate options resulted in payments of approximately $1 billion in the quarter,
which was generally in line with our expectations. As a reminder, this is reflected in the financing activity
section of our cash flow statement.

As a result of this activity, McKesson holds approximately 95% of McKesson Europe's outstanding common
shares, and we anticipate income attributable to noncontrolling interest in the range of $175 million to
$195 million in fiscal 2022. Our commitment to return cash to shareholders through dividends and share
repurchases was recently highlighted by our Board's approval of a 12% increase to our quarterly dividend
to $0.47 per share. And our fiscal 2022 guidance continues to include share repurchases of approximately
$2 billion for the full year.

In closing, we're pleased with the strong results of our first quarter. We remain focused on driving growth
as we invest against the strategic high-growth opportunities in oncology and biopharma services. This
focus, combined with our commitment to further evolve the portfolio, will drive significant value to our
customers, shareholders and patients. Our outlook for fiscal '22 reflects this focus and execution with
healthy adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share growth and return of capital to our
shareholders.

And with that, Holly, let me turn it back to you for Q&A.

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Britt. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Brian Tanquilut of Jefferies.

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Congrats on a very strong quarter. I guess, Britt, as I think about the guidance, it looks like it assumes
a lower margin profile. Just curious what you're thinking in terms of any -- the puts and takes on the
margins as we look forward to the next 3 quarters?

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Brian, thanks for that question. Now I'd remind you that this is our first quarter, and we had a very
strong first quarter. We're still in an evolving environment. We're very encouraged by the utilization trends
and the improvement that we're seeing.

As we think about our U.S. Pharmaceutical business, our growth, as I mentioned in my remarks, was
driven in large part by the growth of our largest customers. So that does impact the mix and it certainly
impacted the mix in the first quarter.

And in our RxTS business, we have very healthy growth, as I mentioned, across all of our different
capabilities. And some of the growth that we're seeing in that business, they're again, mix impacted by
some of our 3PL growth. We're very encouraged by the growth of our access and adherence solutions,
particularly our AMP product.

But I think as you think about this, it is really a reflection of the first quarter. It's a reflection of the
continued improvement in utilization and it's a reflection of some mix within some of our segments.

Operator

We will go next to Steven Valiquette with Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. I guess if we go back to when McKesson acquired the European assets 7, 8 years ago, one of the
drivers of the deal was to increase McKesson's generic drug purchasing power.

I guess by announcing the sale to Phoenix, my sense is you're probably not too worried about any dis-
synergies related to less generic purchasing power you went into the transaction. So I guess I'm just
curious to hear a little more about McKesson's purchasing power today, whether it's ClarusONE or other
factors such that the additional European purchasing power is less critical.

And to make sure, I'm not missing anything around this too, hopefully, well, I guess, is there any post-
deal agreement between McKesson and Phoenix on generic purchasing collaboration? Or was that even
explored?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Thank you for the questions. Maybe I'll start. I mean, if you wind the clock back to almost a decade ago
when we expanded into Europe, I think there were multiple elements for the company to strategically go
to Europe. One of them -- one of many was the opportunity to make sure we stay leading in our generics
procurement capabilities and scale.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

I think over the last years, we continue to invest in that capability. We have a very successful partnership
in ClarusONE, and we're very confident that we have not just the scale but also the procurement
expertise, that we have a very contemporary generics procurement operation that will continue to be a
leading generic operation after the divestiture of the European assets that we've discussed.

So we're quite confident in our -- the productivity and the yield and the results we see from ClarusONE,
and we believe that will continue to be the case into the future.

Operator

Next, we will go to Michael Cherny of Bank of America.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter. I just want to dive in, I guess, a little bit more on the pharma distribution
outlook. Clearly, the results were strong in the quarter, you're pointing towards higher report growth on a
go-forward basis.

As you think about the dynamics in the market and maybe aside from the ClarusONE question, but what
has been the pace and health of recovery of your non-large national chain customers? You called them out
as specific contributors to the quarter.

Can you give us a sense about how the rest of your book of business were as your customers are handling
the potential or hopefully, recovery in utilization across their platforms and where that factors in, in terms
of your outlook for the rest of the year?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Sure, Michael. I'll start with a couple of comments. So first off, we are pleased at the trajectory of the
recovery that we have seen, and we -- it's been more or less in alignment with the expectations we set
out at the beginning of the year. And I think it's the -- it's not just isolated to a particular segment.

I think if you look at the market overall, we continue to see really through the first quarter, steady
progression along the trend line that we signaled we thought would be the case. So we're very -- we
continue to be encouraged by that. We continue to think that we will reach a full recovery, meaning pre-
COVID levels in the second half of our fiscal year.

Obviously, we track the trends regularly. If we saw something that would cause us to deviate from that,
we would be sure to share it with you. But right at this point in time, the recovery has been more or less
in line with how we thought. We're very pleased about that, and we expect that we will get to the full
recovery in the second half of this fiscal year.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, maybe I would just add that I think the balance of our customers and the channels that we serve,
and what we're seeing in those various channels is reflected in the guidance that we gave you, a 5% to
8% operating profit growth.

So all of the channels are recovering. They're recovering, as Brian mentioned, in line with our
expectations. And they're all contributing to that overall core operating profit growth.

Operator

And we will go next to Lisa Gill of JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

And let me add my congratulations as well. Brian and Britt, I just want to understand biosimilars. So you
talked just now about operating profit. How much of an impact are biosimilars having?

And then as we think about the comments, Brian, that you made both around oncology and bio services.
How do we think about that going forward, especially on the oncology side? What type of investments are
you making? How important are biosimilars in this program? Are you going to make acquisitions? How do
we think about that?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Thank you for the question, Lisa. I'll maybe start with biosimilars and then round into the oncology
question.

In biosimilars, we think we are very well positioned given our strength in the specialty business and
including the oncology elements of that. It's still, from our perspective, it's fairly early days. There's just
under a dozen in the marketplace today. We think the pipeline does look good. And that given the assets
we have in oncology and biopharma and our footprint in the specialty space, we will benefit from that. And
we have seen a growing impact of biosimilars over the last several quarters.

As it relates to oncology, we use the word ecosystem, and that's really just to try to introduce this notion
that there are many assets that McKesson has that relate to our oncology businesses, whether it's
distribution, specialty distribution, GPOs, health economic outcome, research. The latest addition to that
portfolio of assets is the data and insights business that we call Ontada.

And when we think of the oncology ecosystem, we think of these as all kind of self-reinforcing and adding
momentum to each other. If we add providers that add scale to GPO, that adds more customers and data
to Ontada. As Ontada matures, as partnerships expand, and we get more insights, we funnel that back to
providers, which makes us a more attractive solution provider to them.

So that's really how we're thinking about it. It's -- each into themselves is a good business, we think. But
together, we think there's real differentiation and strength.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

And Lisa, I'd just add on that we're really pleased with the -- and the development of biosimilars are really
adding to the operating growth in the segment. It's growing over time. We think that it will continue to
grow.

And the channel matters where we have more services to provide, as Brian mentioned, GPO services is
a good example of that. Certainly, it's more profitable for us, and we'll see higher adoption rates. The
adoption rates continue to build. And that, I think, is reflective of the growing operating profit contribution
that we're seeing from biosimilars. But we do think longer term, there's a larger opportunity.

Operator

Next will be Eric Percher of Nephron Research.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

The international DNA dynamics are interesting. Thank you for that detail.

Maybe a 2-parter, Britt. One is when we think about the remaining European business, can you provide
us some sense of scale? I think the last time we got a Celesio number without Canada was around $230
million of op profit. And then on the D&A, could the same circumstances exist for the remaining EU
business, should you get to a sale?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Yes. Great questions, Eric, and thank you for those questions. I mean we're not going to break out the
international business into its piece parts. We just don't think that, that's something that we're ready to do
at this point in time.

And I would just say that every transaction that could happen in the future, we will evaluate that based
on the facts of the transaction. For this particular transaction, we deemed that these assets would be in
a held-for-sale perspective. But I can't really comment on what future transactions might look like. It's
difficult to know how those transactions may or may not come together and what the specific details would
be.

Operator

The next will be Charles Rhyee of Cowen.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. Just wanted to, Britt, just talk about the guidance here for the remainder of the year. Obviously, a
large outsized performance in the quarter at least relative to what I think consensus was expecting.

Maybe if you could talk about how this came in at least relative to what you were expecting coming into
this quarter. And as we think about the rest of the year, if I look at the pieces, it seems like we're getting
a benefit from the DNA, also a tax benefit. Is that really the big drivers here relative to your expectations
coming in? And maybe any kind of thoughts around that as we think about the remainder of the year
relative to how you guys were -- your plan came in.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you for that question. Maybe I'll just start with -- as you look at some of our macro
assumptions, we talked about these in May, that we assume that we would continue to see growing
patient activity and prescription volumes. We saw that. We saw that in the first quarter. And so that was in
line with our expectations. We see that continuing to build and continuing to improve.

And so from -- just from a very macro utilization perspective, we're seeing the improvement that we
expected to see. We're seeing it on the trajectory that we expected to see. And so we're very encouraged
by that.

Our businesses, each of our segments had very strong performance, and so we're very encouraged by
that. It is our first quarter. Certainly, utilization will continue to evolve over the rest of the year. But we're
very encouraged by that. The strong operating performance, the utilization that we're seeing, the patient
activity that we're seeing, we expect that will continue, along the lines that we thought it would.

Certainly, the vaccine distribution and kitting program continues to evolve, and it was a little bit higher
than we had anticipated, and we've increased the guide for that. Generally speaking, utilization is strong.
It's in line with what our expectations were, and we expect that, that will continue through the remainder
of the year.

And you had asked a question on tax. But the one thing that I would remind you on tax is we don't
guide tax by quarter. We guide you on an annual basis. We did not change our guidance for the full year
effective tax rate. And I think if you look over the last few years, the annual guidance around the tax rate
that we've given has pretty much been in line with the original guide.

Operator

And we'll go to Kevin Caliendo of UBS.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

So I want to ask the guidance question a little bit differently, because it is unusual for McKesson to sort of
raise guidance for all the segments right after the first quarter. And I'm wondering if it's just something
about the way -- if it's COVID-related or not. But I mean, to raise your revenue expectations for all of your
segments versus what you guided to just a couple of months ago.

Is there anything else specific? I mean, was it just conservatism on your part? Because we can't just point
to script growth or patient volume. It's got to be some sort of larger macro things happening here that's
driving this.

And I know you kind of addressed it, but maybe talk specifically about the conservatism. Or when you
went into the year, what was -- what were the overhangs that possibly lifted that are allowing you to do
this across the board?

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Well, let me start. I appreciate the question, and let me phrase it a little bit differently. We don't provide
conservative guidance as we provide guidance is based on what we see in our markets and what we're
seeing within our businesses.

I would remind you that when we gave you our guidance, one of the things that we talked about is that
the markets that we operate in had not fully recovered. And so we're coming off a year of one of the most
dynamic environments that we've ever operated in. And when we provided that guidance, we were very
clear that our markets had not fully recovered. We expected that they would. But certainly, it was going to
evolve over time.

Our businesses continue to operate at a very high level. And I think you saw that in the performance
this quarter. We're very encouraged by the utilization trends that we see. We're very encouraged by the
performance that each of the businesses has shown. And we're seeing really good reaction and response
to a lot of the products that we have, specifically in the RxTS business as an example.

So I think what you're seeing is an environment that is continuing to recover, not necessarily on an even
basis over the last 1.5 years, and a business that is performing very well in those situations.

Operator

And next will be Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I want to go back to kind of the specialty, specifically on Ontada. You talked, Brian, about sort of conflict of
relationship and sort of that cycle between providers and biopharma, et cetera.

So for Ontada, are payers customers as well? And is that sort of kind of like -- if not, is that sort of a
growth opportunity that you're looking at? Just kind of like interested in kind of opportunities to grow that
oncology business beyond just the pipeline of drugs.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Thank you, Ricky. I think there's lots of interest in data and insights and understanding patient and
provider behavior as it relates to these oncolytics.

Our primary focus in Ontada is really to leverage the data and the working relationships and the scale of
our physician relationships, generate insights that help the development, the discovery and ultimately the
launch and adoption of oncology products. And likewise, to take the early lessons we get in the research
and the development and launch planning around these products, to ensure that providers are most able
to react, adopt and get great patient outcomes from that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

So we see it as a very virtuous cycle, really anchored in provider and in the biopharma companies. But
there may be several other interested parties in the data and insights that we can generate, and that's
something that we certainly consider as the business matures.

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Operator, we have time for one more question.

Operator

Certainly. That question will come from Jailendra Singh of Credit Suisse.

Unknown Analyst

This is Adam on for Jailendra today. Just wanted to follow up on the assumption of a return to pre-COVID
utilization in the second half of your fiscal year. One of your competitors this morning think that they
saw a return to pre-COVID prescription utilization in the June quarter. So I mean, is the difference in
comments just a function of customer or channel mix or I guess the way pre-COVID is being measured?
Or what else should we be thinking about when attempting to bridge those comments?

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you for your question. I'll give you one example in our medical business as an example. What we
saw in the June quarter was that primary care patient visits improved from the fourth quarter back to
about 95% of pre-COVID levels. So continuing to see the improvement, but not back at pre-COVID levels.

So when we speak about utilization, we are seeing pre-COVID levels for oncology and for specialty, but
we're not seeing that quite yet for primary care patients, as an example, continuing to improve on the
trajectory that we laid out in our earnings call that we had expected. But that's one example, for our
business, that is perhaps a little bit different.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Great. Well, thank you, everyone. Thank you for your insightful questions. Thank you for joining us on this
call. And thank you, Jenny, for helping facilitate the call.

McKesson is off to a very strong start in our fiscal 2022. I'm incredibly excited not just about the recovery
of the markets. But frankly, the execution by our teams, which is generating this performance in the
business.

So I want to be sure to thank our more than 75,000 employees for their commitment to be together, to be
a team, to focus on doing good for our company, for our customers and for the health care industry. As a
global leader in health care, we are committed to doing our part to serve our employees, our customers,
our partners and our communities as they continue the pandemic response efforts.

So in closing, I just want to wish you all and your families good health and wellness. Have a great
evening. Thank you.

Operator
And thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

