McKesson Corporation NYSE:MCK
FQ4 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.13

4.60

Revenue  (mm)

61702.00

62599.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2021 4:08 AM GMT

11.38

1.45

5.05

17.23

18.88

61156.29

240068.92

250904.66

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

4.10

2.39

3.88

4.13

4.27

2.77

4.80

4.60

4.15 %

15.90 %

23.71 %

11.38 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jailendra P. Singh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the McKesson Q4 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to
turn the conference over to you, Holly Weiss. Please go ahead.

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Stephanie. Good afternoon and welcome, everyone, to McKesson's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021
Earnings Call. Today, I'm joined by Brian Tyler, our Chief Executive Officer; and Britt Vitalone, our Chief
Financial Officer. Brian will lead off, followed by Britt, and then we will move to a question-and-answer
session.

Today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, such as forecasts about McKesson's operations
and future results. Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's press release and our slide
presentation and to the Risk Factors section of our periodic SEC filings for additional information
concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to materially differ from those in our forward-
looking statements.

During this call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information about our non-GAAP
financial measures, including a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP results, is included in today's
press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website at investor.mckesson.com.

With that, let me turn it over to Brian.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Thank you, Holly, and good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us on our call this afternoon. On
our fourth quarter call last year, I talked about how the COVID-19 pandemic was beginning to impact our
employees, our customers, our partners and the very communities in which we live. As one of the largest
health care companies in the world, I said that McKesson would play an essential role in protecting the
health and safety of the health care supply chain.

While we were confident in our abilities to help our customers during challenging times, what played out
over the course of the year proved to be more unpredictable than anyone could have imagined. The up
and down trajectory of the recovery was certainly different than we had originally anticipated. And our role
in the COVID-19 response efforts evolved and expanded quickly as a result.

Fiscal 2021 was one of the most challenging yet fulfilling and inspiring years of my career, a year like no
other in the 188-year history of our company. I want to thank the team McKesson and our innumerable
public and private partners for their resilience, commitment to our values and service to our caregivers
and patients.

From the onset of the pandemic, our sourcing teams worked closely with manufacturers and various
government entities to better forecast changing pharmaceutical and medical product demand in order to
extend supply and channel inventory to critical areas of need, whether it was working to secure higher
volumes of PPE for caregivers and frontline workers early in the pandemic or leveraging our expertise
and lab capabilities to ramp up distribution of COVID-19 tests as they came to market, McKesson moved
quickly to support our customers, our partners and our communities.

Our role in the COVID-19 response was also highlighted by our partnership with the U.S. government's
COVID-19 vaccine distribution effort, having been selected as the centralized distributor of refrigerated
and frozen COVID-19 vaccines and the ancillary kits used to administer those COVID-19 vaccines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

We distributed our first COVID-19 vaccine in December, shortly after Moderna's vaccine was granted
Emergency Use Authorization by the FDA. On February 27, Johnson & Johnson's COVID-19 vaccine
became the third COVID-19 vaccine granted EUA by the FDA and the second vaccine within the scope of
our contract with the CDC. We began distributing the J&J vaccine within 48 hours of its authorization, and
we're now distributing out of all 4 fit-for-purpose distribution centers we built for this program. We stand
ready to support the distribution of additional vaccines as they come to market.

Through April, we've successfully distributed over 150 million Moderna and J&J COVID-19 vaccines to
administration sites in the U.S., and we remain on target with the U.S. government's distribution schedule.
Also through April, we have assembled enough kits to support the administration of more than 550 million
doses for all vaccine types. This work remains our company's top priority, and we are prepared to support
the U.S. government for as long as they ask us to lead the centralized distribution model.

In Europe and Canada, we are also partnering with the local governments in the COVID-19 vaccine effort
through administration in our owned and banner pharmacies as well as distribution efforts in selected
markets and countries.

Let me turn now to our financial performance. Against the dynamic and challenging macroeconomic
backdrop in fiscal 2021, we grew revenues 3%, and our adjusted earnings per diluted share result of
$17.21 was up 15% over prior year. When pressed with challenges and uncertainties, our customers and
government partners continued to choose McKesson to help ensure stability of supply for their patients.
So while prescription volume and primary care patient visit trends negatively impacted the core business
throughout the fiscal year, the strength of our business model and our differentiated capabilities help us to
grow the business and deliver value to our shareholders.

Our commitment to executing our strategy, transforming and simplifying the operating model contributed
to these strong financial results.

Looking forward into fiscal 2022. I'm confident that we operate in scaled and resilient markets with
underlying trends that support long-term growth. We invest in our business to differentiate our solutions
and create value for customers, patients and partners. The pandemic has not paused our progress on
these strategic priorities. Targeted investments into our business over time have positioned us well to
succeed and respond quickly to changing demands from our customers and government partners during
these uncertain times.

We've been focused on building out a connected ecosystem over the last several years in the areas
of oncology and biopharma services. These are areas where we believe we have key differentiated
capabilities. Through investments in technology, we've been able to develop more robust solutions that
help connect patients, providers and manufacturers and support our growth.

Starting first with our oncology assets, which have proven to be resilient throughout the pandemic.
Through scaled distribution, GPO services in our U.S. oncology business were positioned well as innovative
therapies come to market. Biosimilars are just one example where McKesson has been able to combine the
breadth and scale of our specialty capabilities to help give providers choice and lower cost for patients.

We were pleased to add more practices and over 100 providers to the U.S. Oncology Network in fiscal
2021. Today, through U.S. Oncology and our nonaffiliated provider business, we're connected to over
10,000 specialty physicians. And our oncology technology platform has supported millions of patient
journeys, providing us access to real-world outcomes data and research.

Our recently launched technology and real-world insights business, which we call Ontada, is an extension
of our oncology ecosystem and is a key area of investment for us going forward. We believe this business
differentiates our value proposition to providers looking to drive better outcomes for their patients and to
manufacturers focused on innovative therapies in the area of oncology.

In terms of biopharma services, in fiscal 2021, we brought together our RelayHealth Pharmacy,
CoverMyMeds and RxCrossroads businesses. Together, these businesses are focused on innovating and
automating the ways in which biopharma connects with patients, pharmacies and providers with the
ultimate goal of providing stronger access, affordability and better adherence outcomes. These assets

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

embed us in the daily workflows of over 50,000 pharmacies and more than 750,000 providers. We're
integrated into over 75% of EHRs today. And through our market-leading position and advanced solutions,
we're able to automate and simplify otherwise very manual processes.

Ultimately, our solutions help patients get on therapies quicker and stay on those therapies longer. This
value proposition to our manufacturing partners is reflected by the over 500 brands we support today,
covering nearly every therapeutic area.

In fiscal 2022, we will remain focused on these growth areas, and we will continue to look for ways
to streamline the business so that we can operate with added speed and increased focus. Part of our
commitment to grow the business is to continually review and evaluate our portfolio. Sometimes we find
assets we're not the natural owner of, as was the case with our German wholesale business, where we
created a JV with Walgreens Boots Alliance in November.

To further simplify the business, we continually evaluate and adapt the way in which we work. For
McKesson, it's been over a year since we successfully transitioned all of our office-based employees to
work from home seemingly overnight and without a loss of productivity. While we are quite anxious to see
each other in person soon and at a time and place where it's appropriate and safe to do so, the success of
our employees in this remote work environment and their desire for more work flexibility has challenged
us to reevaluate the way we work and our real estate and existing office-based footprint. This is yet
another example of how we're looking to simplify operations and grow the business and do the right thing
for our teams. Britt will go into more detail about our thinking on these impacts going forward.

Now let me turn to the business and touch on how we're positioned for success heading into fiscal 2022.
I'll start with U.S. Pharmaceutical, where we again grew adjusted operating profit despite soft prescription
volume trends throughout the fiscal year. Our priority in this business is to strengthen the core and deliver
the world's highest-quality supply chain to our customers and manufacturing partners. Our focus on cost
and working capital efficiencies underpin this growth and help fuel investments for growth across the
business.

For Generics, the pricing environment continues to track in line with our expectation. On the buy side, we
leverage our scale and our sourcing capabilities through ClarusONE to ensure stability of supply at low
cost for our customers. On the sell side, McKesson has taken a disciplined approach to pricing, and the
market continues to be competitive but has been stable for years. While generic volume remained below
pre-COVID levels in the quarter, we expect volume improvement over the course of our fiscal year.

I'm also pleased with the performance of our Specialty business this past year. Our U.S. Oncology
business, patient visits were at pre-COVID baselines in March, with many returning for in-person visits
to their providers. In fiscal 2022, we'll look to grow both our U.S. Oncology and nonaffiliated businesses,
which are just another part of our connected oncology ecosystem at McKesson.

Let me talk about Prescription Technology Solutions.

They perform well this year despite prescription volumes being down since the onset of the pandemic.
We're continuing to invest in innovation in this business, and despite this year's challenges, we've been
very successful in adding new brands to our platforms. In fiscal 2021, our access solutions helped over 50
million patients get on therapies after their original prescription was denied coverage. And our affordability
solutions helped patients save over $7 billion in out of pocket prescription cost.

Under a single cohesive go-to-market strategy, this segment is positioned to return to growth in fiscal
2022 as patient mobility improves and prescription trends recover.

In fiscal 2021, Medical-Surgical played a central role in providing supplies to our primary and extended
care customers at a critical time of need. Demand within this segment was volatile throughout the fiscal
year for products such as PP&E and COVID-19 tests, and our procurement teams worked diligently to
find the supplies our customers needed to treat their patients at a time when supply was constrained and
pricing was volatile. While we took measures to meet the needs of our customers for PPE-related products,
demand has fluctuated and market dynamics for some of these products has changed since the onset of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

the pandemic. As a result, we took action to position the business for lower demand levels, which resulted
in inventory charges on some PP&E and related products.

Further adapting to the impact of COVID-19 on our customers, we leveraged our existing lab capabilities
to quickly distribute over 50 million COVID-19 tests into the provider settings we serve, demonstrating
the breadth and expertise we have in our market-leading lab business. Despite patient mobility trends
below pre-COVID levels for much of fiscal 2021, I'm proud of the way the business responded to the
needs of our customers, and I am confident that as patients return to consume health care and see their
community-based providers, our core business is positioned well for growth heading into fiscal 2022.

Finally, turning to International. The segment grew full year adjusted operating profit despite lower foot
traffic in many of our retail pharmacies across Europe and Canada, where the pandemic still lags the
recovery we're seeing in the U.S. Over the past several years, we've taken deliberate actions to address
our cost structure and to evolve our retail footprint in these markets, and we saw benefits from those
actions this fiscal year.

We are also very disciplined in how we operate these businesses as evidenced by our thoughtful exit of
unprofitable customers at the onset of the fiscal year in our Canadian business. These businesses play an
important role in the pandemic response in their respective markets. And through our investments into
digital assets, we're able to better reach patients who are increasingly choosing electronic means to access
health care in those countries. Going forward, we'll continue to find ways to position these businesses for
future growth.

The pandemic still presents many unknowns, and the trajectory of the recovery will likely show signs of
nonlinearity at times in our fiscal 2022. But we do expect a return to pre-COVID levels of prescription
volumes and patient engagement levels in the second half of fiscal 2022.

As utilization improves over the course of our fiscal year, we expect the stable fundamentals underlying
our core business to serve as the foundation for the outlook we are providing you today. Our fiscal 2022
outlook of $18.85 to $19.45 of adjusted earnings per diluted share includes a return to solid growth in our
core businesses, a continuation of our role in the COVID-19 vaccine efforts, investments in growth and a
balanced approach to capital deployment. Britt will take you through additional detailed assumptions that
make up this outlook.

As I reflect back, fiscal 2021 has taught us a lot, and it showed us once again that our business model is
positioned well to adapt and succeed in uncertain times. Time and time again, we've proven our resiliency
during crisis, and I'm so proud of the way our employees rose to the challenges brought on by the
pandemic and society more broadly. Our ability to be together, to stand together, focused on our values
and purpose in service of the health care communities we serve makes me so proud.

We will focus on building momentum on our fiscal 2021 accomplishments, and we will look to embrace the
changes that have made us better to advance our growth strategy and grow the business. We will also
continue to be front and center in the fight against COVID-19, helping to serve the communities in which
we live and work.

I thank you again for your time, and I'll turn it over to Britt.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. Fiscal 2021 was an unprecedented year, as Brian talked
about earlier. When we spoke a year ago, we just finished our fiscal 2020 as the COVID pandemic was
beginning to take hold on our communities and economies. During that call, we provided our full year
fiscal 2021 outlook with quite possibly the highest level of uncertainty in McKesson's 188-year history.

As I've said since the outset of the pandemic, McKesson's operating momentum is the result of our
strategic clarity, focus, execution and discipline. As a company, we've been operating in new ways for over
a year. We're proud of the way our teams continue to execute and innovate.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

We're stronger than before the pandemic. And our fiscal 2021 financial results give us even more
confidence in our ability to continue delivering compelling performance in the future. Today, I'll provide an
update on our fourth quarter and fiscal 2021 results, including a detailed fiscal 2022 outlook, an overview
which can be found in the Investors section of our website.

We start now with our fiscal 2021 results. Our full year adjusted earnings per diluted share of $17.21 grew
15% above fiscal 2020 and within our updated guidance range. Our fiscal year began with each of our
segments experiencing volume decline due to the impact of COVID-19. Volume improvements in our first
quarter were earlier than originally anticipated and on a nonlinear trajectory followed to the remainder of
the fiscal year, correlating to the trajectory of the COVID virus.

Our fiscal fourth quarter experienced a continuation of the volatility from COVID as well as a weak cold
and flu season and a winter storm that impacted portions of our U.S. Pharmaceutical business. We also
recognized benefits from our leadership role distributing COVID-19 vaccines and ancillary supply kits in
our U.S. Pharmaceutical and Medical-Surgical segments, respectively. And similar to previous 2 quarters,
in the fourth quarter, we recognized unplanned gains on equity investments within our McKesson Ventures
portfolio.

Let me move now to a discussion of our adjusted earnings results for the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter
adjusted earnings per diluted share was $5.05, an increase of 18% compared to the prior year, driven
by the contribution from COVID-19 vaccine distribution and kitting programs of the U.S. government and
the lower share count. These items were partially offset by a higher tax rate in the prior year contribution
from the company's investment in Change Healthcare. Let's transition now to details of our consolidated
results, which can be found on Slide 4.

Consolidated revenues of $59.1 billion increased 1% compared to the prior year primarily due to market
growth and higher volumes from retail national account customers in the U.S. Pharmaceutical segment,
partially offset by the prior year increase in demand driven by the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and
the contribution of our German wholesale business through a joint venture with Walgreens Boots Alliance.

Adjusted gross profit was approximately flat to prior year as inventory charges in our Medical-Surgical
segment and the previously mentioned prior year demand increase, driven by COVID, largely offset the
contribution of our COVID-19 vaccine distribution and kitting programs and the distribution of COVID-19
tests. Adjusted operating expenses in the quarter decreased 6% year-over-year, led by a reduction in
operating expenses due to the impact of COVID-19 and the contribution of our German wholesale business
to the joint venture with Walgreens Boots Alliance. This was partially offset by increased expenses related
to our role distributing COVID-19 vaccines and ancillary supply kits and higher operating expenses to
support growth investments in oncology and biopharma services.

Adjusted operating profit was $1.2 billion for the quarter, an increase of 12% compared to the prior
year. When excluding the $55 million contributed by Change Healthcare in the fourth quarter of fiscal
2020, which was previously recorded in Other, adjusted operating profit grew 19%. Interest expense
was $52 million in the quarter, a decline of 20% compared to the prior year, driven by the retirement of
approximately $1 billion of debt and lower commercial paper balances. Our adjusted tax rate was 22.9%
for the quarter, in line with our expectations.

Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share also includes net pretax gains of approximately $44
million or $0.21 per diluted share associated with McKesson Ventures equity investments.

In wrapping up our consolidated results. Fourth quarter diluted weighted average shares were 161 million,
a decrease of 8% year-over-year, driven by the successful tax-free exit of our investment in Change
Healthcare at the end of fiscal 2020 and other open-market share repurchase activity. As a reminder, the
exit of our Change Healthcare investment lowered our shares outstanding by approximately 15.4 million
shares.

Moving now to our fourth quarter segment results, which can be found on Slides 5 through 9, starting with
U.S. Pharmaceutical. Revenues were $47 billion, an increase of 3%, driven by market growth and higher
volumes from retail national account customers, partially offset by the prior year increase in demand

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

driven by the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and branded-to-generic conversions. Adjusted operating
profit in the quarter increased 7% to $813 million, driven by the contribution from COVID-19 vaccine
distribution, partially offset by the previously mentioned prior year COVID pandemic impact and higher
operating costs in support of the company's oncology growth initiatives and the impact of a weak cold and
flu season.

Adjusted operating profit for the full year increased 3% to $2.7 billion, driven by growth in specialty
product distribution the contribution from COVID-19 vaccine distribution, offset by the previously
mentioned prior year increase in demand driven by the onset of the pandemic and by higher operating
costs in support of the company's oncology growth initiatives.

Next on to Prescription Technology Solutions. Revenues in the quarter were $789 million, an increase
of 7%, driven by higher volumes of technology and service offerings to support biopharma customers.
Adjusted operating profit in the quarter increased 11% to $146 million, driven by organic growth from
access and adherence programs supported by our Technology Solutions. Full year adjusted operating profit
was $467 million, which was flat to the prior year, as organic growth from access and adherence solutions
was offset by higher investment costs to support the growth of the company's biopharma strategy.

We finished the year with strong momentum from these investments, including our new product, AMP,
which contributed to profit growth in the fourth quarter.

Moving now to Medical-Surgical Solutions. Revenues were $2.7 billion in the quarter, up 23%, primarily
driven by demand for COVID-19 tests. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit increased 13% to $192
million and for the full year increased 19% to $805 million.

We previously outlined that demand for COVID test kit and PPE products were closely associated with the
rate of COVID case levels. Although COVID-19 test kit volume continued through the fourth quarter, these
levels moderated significantly from Q3 levels as U.S. COVID cases trended lower throughout the quarter.
As we discussed at various conferences during our fourth quarter, we anticipated that these elevated levels
of demand would moderate.

As we discussed in prior calls this year, early on in the pandemic, our Medical-Surgical business built
supply quickly to meet demands from our customers for COVID-19 tests and elevated levels of demand for
PPE. We procured these products in a market with unprecedented and unpredictable supply and demand
levels, and the volatility associated with COVID case levels impacted the demand levels for PPE.

The demand tapering occurred sooner than we had anticipated, and we took action to position the
business for the lower demand levels. As a result, some PPE and related products experienced market-
driven inventory charges. In our fourth quarter, we recorded $87 million of charges related to these
products.

Our underlying business was impacted by lower levels of elective procedures and patient visits, partially
resulting from a continuation of a weaker cold and flu season. According to IQVIA, elective procedures
trended approximately 20% below the prior year at times during the quarter. Excluding the impact of the
incremental COVID-19 tests, PPE and distribution of ancillary supply kits for COVID-19 vaccine, adjusted
operating profit in this segment increased approximately 1% in the quarter.

Next, International, where revenues in the quarter were $8.6 billion, a decrease of 12% year-over-year.
On an FX-adjusted basis, revenues decreased 18%, primarily driven by the contribution of our German
wholesale business to a joint venture with Walgreens Boots Alliance effective November 1, 2020. Similar to
the U.S. Pharmaceutical segment, the International segment was also impacted by the prior year increase
in volumes, which corresponded with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Excluding the impact from the divestiture of our German wholesale business, segment revenue increased
4% year-over-year and was down 4% on an FX-adjusted basis. Fourth quarter adjusted operating
profit increased 1% year-over-year to $138 million. On an FX-adjusted basis, adjusted operating profit
decreased 8% to $126 million due to the previously mentioned fiscal 2020 volume increase, again driven
by the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Adjusted operating profit for the full year increased 5% to $485 million. And on an FX adjusted basis,
adjusted operating profit increased 1% to $466 million.

Moving on to Corporate. For the quarter, adjusted corporate expenses were $125 million, a decrease
of 42% year-over-year driven by gains of approximately $44 million on equity investments within our
McKesson Ventures portfolio and prior year onetime expenses. For the full year, adjusted corporate
expenses were $584 million, a decrease of 9% compared to the prior year, driven by gains of
approximately $133 million or $0.60 of adjusted earnings per diluted share on equity investments within
our McKesson Ventures portfolio, partially offset by lower interest income.

As in the previous 2 quarters, net fair value adjustments related to several of our portfolio companies
within McKesson Ventures. As we previously discussed, we can't predict when gains or losses within our
Ventures portfolio of companies may occur. And therefore, our practice has and will continue to not include
Ventures portfolio impacts in our earnings guidance.

We reported opioid-related litigation expenses of $153 million for fiscal 2021. Until a settlement is reached
and executed, we anticipate a similar level of spend. For fiscal 2022, we estimate opioid-related litigation
to approximate $155 million.

And finally, fiscal 2021 also marked the end of our previously announced 3-year program to transform
our operating model and drive cost reductions across the enterprise. We are proud to have achieved our
original 3-year target of $400 million to $500 million in savings by the end of fiscal 2021. A portion of the
savings has been reinvested in our growth areas of oncology and biopharma services.

Turning now to Slide 11. We continue to place a sharp focus on working capital efficiency and cash flow
generation. For fiscal 2021, we generated free cash flow of $3.9 billion, and we ended the quarter with a
cash balance of $6.3 billion, ahead of our expectations. In fiscal 2021, we continued our long track record
of solid cash flow generation, resulting from another year of operating profit growth and our continued
focus on working capital efficiency. In fiscal 2021, our cash flow was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic,
including uneven levels of customer demand. Over the course of the year, the dynamics of the operating
environment resulting from the early effects of COVID-19 introduced further volatility in our cash flow.

We experienced higher levels of inventory primarily resulting from the increased quantities of COVID
testing and PPE. We anticipated this additional working capital volatility, meeting the evolving needs of our
customers, all while we're increasing our work with the U.S. government to distribute COVID-19 vaccines
and ancillary supply kits.

In Q3, we utilized a portion of our free cash flow to retire approximately $1 billion of debt, and we issued
a $500 million bond at attractive market rates. These actions, which were in line with our stated intent to
modestly delever, further strengthen our balance sheet and financial position.

In fiscal 2021, we made $641 million of capital expenditures, which includes continued investments in
our strategic growth initiatives of oncology and biopharma services as well as investments to support our
COVID-19 vaccine and kitting efforts. We returned $1 billion of cash to our shareholders through $770
million of share repurchases and a payment of $276 million in dividends.

Let me now spend a few minutes on our fiscal 2022 outlook. And I'll start by framing a couple of key
macro-level assumptions that underpin our outlook for fiscal 2022. We do not assume a return wave of the
virus, additional shelter-in-place or increased social distancing. As we've discussed throughout the year,
volume trends in fiscal 2021 were nonlinear and varied over the course of the year. Our markets have
not fully recovered, and we remain in a dynamic environment. We are, however, encouraged by recent
signs that a broader recovery is forthcoming. We expect prescription volumes will continue to demonstrate
steady improvement from volume levels at the end of our fiscal 2021 through the first half of our fiscal
2022, in line with the rate of increasing vaccinations and decreasing COVID cases. We anticipate a return
to pre-COVID prescription and patient engagement levels in the second half of our fiscal 2022.

For fiscal 2022, we expect adjusted earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $18.85 to $19.45,
more heavily weighted towards the back half of the fiscal year. We also expect core growth across all of
our segments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Rather than outlining each assumption, I'll instead walk you through the key items, starting with the
segments. For a full list of our fiscal 2022 assumptions, please refer to Slides 13 through 16 in our
supplemental slide presentation.

In the U.S. Pharmaceutical segment, we expect revenue to increase 4% to 7% driven by market growth
and strong performance in our specialty business. Adjusted operating profit is expected to deliver 4%
to 7% growth as volumes continue to improve compared to fiscal 2021. Our outlook also includes
approximately $0.40 to $0.50 related to COVID-19 vaccine distribution in fiscal 2022, the majority
expected to be realized in our first quarter. This compares with approximately $0.35 in fiscal 2021.

We will also continue to invest in our leading and differentiated position in oncology and increase
investments to support future growth. We expect these investments will represent an approximate $0.20
headwind in fiscal 2022.

Normalizing for the COVID-19 vaccine distribution and our continued growth investments, we expect
approximately 5% to 8% core adjusted operating profit growth.

Finally, we anticipate branded pharmaceutical pricing to approximate mid-single-digit increases, which
is consistent with fiscal 2021. And the generic market remains competitive yet stable. We continue to be
pleased with the performance of ClarusONE, which provides competitive costs and supply stability to our
customers. This, combined with our disciplined approach to pricing and improving overall volume and
utilization, gives us confidence in our ability to grow and generate positive spread.

In our Prescription Technology Solutions segment, we expect revenue and adjusted operating profit growth
of 12% to 17% driven by organic growth as we continue to recognize the benefits of the investments
we've been making in technology offerings for our biopharma customers.

Now transitioning to Medical-Surgical. Fiscal 2021 saw notable impacts from the contribution of COVID
test kits and personal protective equipment as well as impacts to the underlying business due to office
closures, social distancing and reduced patient visits. Our Medical-Surgical business delivered strong
results against these challenges, and we continue to position the business for long-term growth.

In fiscal 2022, we expect demand for COVID test kits and PPE to moderate further as vaccinations
increase and case counts decrease. As patients continue to return to their providers, we expect growth
in our Primary and Extended Care segments of this business. Given these dynamics, we expect revenue
to be down 5% to 1% growth, and we expect adjusted operating profit to be flat to 6% growth over
the prior year as growth in our underlying business is offset by a lower contribution from COVID test
kits. Included in this guidance is $0.10 to $0.20 of contribution related to the kitting and distribution of
ancillary supplies for COVID-19 vaccines. Again, the majority will be realized in our first quarter. This
compares to approximately $0.35 in fiscal 2021.

Due to the timing of when we began executing our contract with HHS, a larger portion of kitting revenue
was realized in fiscal 2021.

Excluding the contribution of our COVID-19 kitting and distribution program, the contribution from
COVID-19 test kits and the fiscal 2021 impairments for PPE and related products, we expect year-over-
year adjusted operating profit growth of approximately 10% to 16%.

Finally, in the International segment, we expect revenues to decline 2% to grow 3% as compared to the
prior year, and this reflects the contribution of our German wholesale business to a joint venture with
Walgreens Boots Alliance in the third quarter of our fiscal 2021. We expect adjusted operating profit
growth in the segment of 4% to 8%, led by core business improvement as our geographies continue the
recovery from COVID-19.

And now turning to the consolidated view. We expect 3% to 6% revenue and adjusted operating profit
growth compared to fiscal 2021. We expect corporate expenses to be $670 million to $720 million. And as
a reminder, our corporate expenses in fiscal 2021 were offset by net gains of approximately $133 million
or $0.60 per diluted share from equity investments within our McKesson Ventures portfolio. We assume

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

a full year adjusted tax rate of approximately 18% to 19%, which may vary from quarter to quarter and
includes anticipated discrete tax items that we expect to realize during the course of the year.

As Brian mentioned in his remarks, we continue to transform and evolve our operating models to drive
efficiencies. As part of this evolution, we plan to make changes to our real estate strategy to increase
efficiencies, supporting increased flexibility, including a transition to a partial remote work model for
certain employees on a go-forward basis. This will result in reduction to our real estate footprint. In
executing this plan, we will incur GAAP-only restructuring charges of approximately $180 million to $280
million over the next year. We expect these actions will result in the realization of annual savings of
approximately $60 million to $80 million when fully implemented. These actions will get underway in this
upcoming fiscal year, and therefore, we do not expect to see a material benefit in fiscal 2022. We're in the
early stages of this planning, and we'll provide additional detail at a later time.

Let me wrap up our fiscal 2022 outlook with a few comments on cash flow and capital deployment. The
past year has reinforced the importance of managing our business for the long term through a disciplined
and balanced approach to capital deployment with a sharp focus on investments for innovation and growth
to further enhance our competitive positioning and leverage our differentiated assets and capabilities.

We expect free cash flow of approximately $3.5 billion to $3.9 billion, which is net of property acquisitions
and capitalized software expenses. As we consider our capital deployment options, we first start with our
commitment to maintain our current investment-grade credit rating.

With respect to capital deployment, our priority is growth, and the use of capital continues to be focused
on supporting organic growth of our oncology and biopharma services strategies, followed by retaining
flexibility for acquisitions to accelerate these strategies. We complement these growth drivers with the
return of capital to our shareholders through a modest share-growing dividend and share repurchases.

We continue to execute at a high level, and we have confidence in the business today and in the future.
And we continue to believe that there's great value in our stock. As indicated on Slide 16, our fiscal
2022 outlook incorporates plans to repurchase approximately $2 billion of stock, which we expect will be
more heavily weighted to the first half of the fiscal year. As a result of this activity, we estimate weighted
average diluted shares outstanding for fiscal 2022 to be in the range of approximately 153.5 million to
155.5 million.

We also anticipate use of cash to purchase shares in McKesson Europe through exercises of a put rate
option available to noncontrolling shareholders. As a reminder, McKesson originally acquired 77% of
Celesio, the remaining noncontrolling interest shareholders retained a put option for their shares. The put
right option of the minority stakeholders expires in Q1 of fiscal 2022. We estimate that the remaining put
rate options could result in cash payments up to approximately $1.3 billion, which will be reflected in the
financing activities section of our cash flow statement. During fiscal 2021, McKesson used $49 million of
cash for exercise of these put rate options.

In fiscal 2021, we delivered strong performance in an unprecedented environment, and we capped off our
3-year operating model transformation, setting the stage for an acceleration of growth. We look forward
to continuing our role in the pandemic response by distributing COVID-19 vaccine and ancillary supply
kits as we continue our leadership role in the pandemic response. Our outlook for fiscal 2022 reflects
the continued confidence in our operating momentum with growth across all segments of the business,
supported by the strength of our balance sheet and strong financial position.

We will continue to invest in our strategies of oncology and biopharma services as we build out our
connected ecosystems in these growth areas, delivering value to our customers and partners. We're
confident in our ability to leverage our position and capabilities to accelerate growth.

In closing, I'd like to acknowledge and thank all the McKesson associates across the world for their
dedication, execution and unrelenting commitment to our customers and patients. The results we achieved
this year could not have been possible if not for the dedication of team McKesson. We're pleased with our
results in fiscal 2021 and confident in our outlook for fiscal 2022.

And with that, Holly, let me turn the call back to you for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Britt. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Brian and Britt, I just really want to start with the oncology business. So Britt, I want to better understand
the $0.20 of investment that you talked about in the guidance and help me to understand what type of
investments you're making there. Are they tuck-in acquisitions? Is it technology, those kinds of things?

And then secondly, as we think about growth in the oncology and specialty business, can you maybe just
talk about the impact of biosimilars, what you've seen in the quarter and kind of your expectations going
into 2022?

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Lisa, thanks for that question. Let me just talk a little bit about the mechanics, and then Brian can talk a
little bit about some of the specific investments that we're making. We did talk on our Q3 call about the
second half having investments in our oncology business and how that would be a modest headwind to the
second half of the year. And we did make those investments. We're increasing our investments next year.
We've talked about our Ontada business publicly now, and we're making some good traction and having
some good partnerships that we're -- that we've been announcing.

And so we're going to continue to invest in our oncology ecosystem in FY '22. It's another investment year.
But we do see that we're going to be turning profitability in years after. We feel very confident that these
investments in the oncology business, and specifically in Ontada, will bear fruit.

Now Brian, maybe you talk about the specific investments?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. I think that's right, Britt. I mean I'd put -- I think of the investments in a couple of buckets, right?
We've got a leading EMR in oncology. Well, we need to continue to invest in that as the practice of
oncology changes and the complexity of the therapies continue to evolve and things like genomics and all
these advanced diagnostics start to fold in. That's a bit of just infrastructure investment.

Britt talked about Ontada, that's our technology and data insights business that we're investing in. That's
a growth -- future growth area of opportunity for us. And then we did not have any M&A in oncology in
this quarter. We've had some great partnerships. We had some great momentum on that front. This is an
area that is strategically -- is aligned to our enterprise strategy, and we would certainly be open to doing
M&A if it was on strategy and met our financial thresholds for good M&A.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

And Lisa, maybe I'll just finish up on your biosimilars question. We're very pleased with how biosimilars
are beginning to hit the market. We see the pipeline growing, particularly in the oncology space. It's not a
material driver to our results right now but we are encouraged by the pipeline, and we're encouraged by
the opportunities in the next -- in the coming years.

So we think that biosimilars are going to continue to be a positive driver for the business, for the providers
and for patients. And we expect with our scale and reach that we'll continue to get that contribution as
adoption continues to increase.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess just on the guidance within the Pharma segment, the core growth of 5% to 8%, Britt, seems really
strong, especially considering your assumption that scripts won't be back to pre-COVID level into the
second half. So just any additional kind of building blocks or thoughts there would be helpful.

And then just to clarify. Your peers have talked a lot about pockets of pricing pressure in generics and
pockets of volume weakness. Just want to understand clearly what your assumptions are from what you're
seeing today and in guidance relative to the generic book.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks for the question, Bob. Look, we're very pleased with how the business has continued to grow
and gain momentum. This is the second year in a row now where this business has grown. We've got
really good scale and reach across all of our businesses. Brian talked about our specialty businesses and
particularly the differentiation that we have in oncology. And so we think that the momentum is going
to continue. As I mentioned in my remarks, we're seeing some encouraging signs, and we think that as
utilization comes back, the momentum will just continue.

As it relates to our thought on the pricing environment. Again, from a branded pricing perspective, we
expect that FY '22 will look a lot like FY '21. And from a generic perspective, we have a great sourcing
capability in ClarusONE. We continue to do a great job for our customers in providing stability of supply
and low cost. We don't see anything that's really changed the dynamics around either the buy side or
the sell side. It's a competitive market but it's been stable now for several quarters. And we feel with the
strength of our sourcing operation and our disciplined approach on the sell side that we'll continue to see
the same types of contribution that we've seen now for several quarters.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Years, actually.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Years, yes.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Cherny with Bank of America.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Maybe if we could talk a little bit about pharmacy tech solutions a bit. It doesn't really get a ton of
attention, but clearly, it's become a big piece of the EBIT. As you think about the demand curve that
you've seen heading into fiscal '22, and obviously, in terms of how pharmacies are reacting from fiscal '21
and all the changes they've had around COVID, can you just give us a sense on what drives that growth?
It's clearly stand out in terms of your overall revenue, overall profitability, it's higher margin. So how
should we think about where the adoption levels are coming from your customers in terms of supporting
that underlying growth?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Yes. I mean, thanks, great question. So fundamentally, this is a transaction volume-based business. So as
script growth returns, that's a good fundamental underlying driver of this business.

We also grow this business by signing more brands onto our programs and to innovating and putting more
value on our network that delivers value to a pharmacist, to a provider or to a biopharma that allows us to
grow our services revenue. I mean, fundamentally, this is about growing transactions.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

I think just the other thing I would add there, the way that we're growing the transactions is we're
utilizing technology. We have great technology and capabilities within that business, and that allows us to
leverage our capabilities in a unique way.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. So our access to workflow, our ability to automate, what we're doing is creating new solutions that
drive volume through -- transaction volume through our networks by solving real customer problems.

Operator

Our next question comes from Eric Percher with Nephron Research.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Question on the medical side. The core growth of 10% to 16% is notable. I'd be interested to hear how
the medical business has changed as you continue to progress through the COVID pandemic.

And then how much or to what extent can you follow testing? Of course, it's declining. It's also moving
toward retail and home. We saw the alignment with Cardinal. Where else or how material could that be to
you?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

I'll start and give a few comments, Eric. Look, it was certainly a dynamic year in the medical business, I
mean, out of the gates with PPE demand outstripping supply by a wide margin. You're well familiar with
the early period of this fiscal year.

Mid-part of the year, we start to see COVID test kits really come to market. And through our leading
position as a lab distributor, I think our team did a fantastic job working with really a broad spectrum
of those providers across all types of tests, molecular, antigen, antibody, to get those into the provider
communities that we serve. And we had tremendous growth. That growth probably peaked in Q3. It
was, frankly -- it fell away quicker than we had anticipated when we had our earnings call in that third
quarter. We still -- there is still COVID test kit volume out there. But it certainly was -- if any -- of all of
our businesses, I would say the medical business was the most dynamic in terms of the market dynamics
this year.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

And maybe, Eric, just to follow up on that. As Brian talked about the breadth of our -- the markets that
we serve and the breadth of products and capabilities that we have, our leading capabilities go across
Rx, private brand, lab, as Brian talked about. And if you go before the pandemic, FY '20, we had growth
-- AOP growth of about 2%. So I think as we look at our guide for next year, it really speaks to the
fundamentals of the business have remained very strong all the way through the pandemic. And as
volumes begin to come back and utilization comes back online, we would expect that the business could
continue to grow in that historical range.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So you guys have $6 billion of cash in your balance sheet. Looking at the cash flow from this year, even
with the larger buyback and the dividend, like you're still likely to add cash, net-net. There's been a lot of
talk about potentially what you might do in terms of M&A going forward. What's your appetite in terms of
M&A? Are you looking to just add on and bolt on? Is there a meaningful acquisition you'd be looking to do?
Anything notable? Sort of talk about where you sit now versus maybe where you had been in the past.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean let me give you just a couple of framing comments on how we think of M&A. So first, if
it's what we would call tuck-in or it's a core business, we're in the business today, we understand the
business, it's just about really adding customers or maybe a capability but -- and scale to a platform we
already have, that's attractive M&A. And over the history of this company, we've been very successful
doing that kind of M&A.

The second kind that we -- the second criteria we really have is to assess its alignment to our enterprise
strategy. We've articulated our oncology ecosystem and our biopharma services business as areas that we
want to deploy growth capital against.

But it's got to meet our third criteria, which is we're very financially disciplined about the way we approach
these things. We know we have alternate uses to deploy our capital. M&A is just one of them. And so
we're very disciplined as we think about approaching M&A. But I would say we would do M&A if it was
aligned to our strategy, it fits that first type of M&A, a tuck-in, and it met our financial discipline business
criteria.

Operator

Our next question comes from Charles Rhyee with Cowen and Company.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Wanted to ask about sort of the vaccine guidance -- contribution guidance, the $0.40 to $0.50. Should we
assume that's pretty much front-end weighted into the fiscal year? And have you taken into account some
of the concerns around vaccine hesitancy and the fact that whether the pace of vaccine administration is
going to slow down?

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks for the question. Let me address that. As I think I've mentioned in past calls, we take our guidance
from the U.S. government. They make all the decisions on the administration of the program. And so
we leverage the guidance that they gave us in terms of volumes and where those volumes need to be
distributed. And that's how we put this guide together.

So that's how we form the basis of the $0.40 to $0.50 for the vaccine distribution and the $0.10 to $0.20
for the kit distribution. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, that's going to be weighted more
towards the first half of the year or first quarter of the year primarily.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So Britt, in your prepared remarks, you called out the weak cold and flu season. That did have some
impact on the fiscal 4Q results just reported. It seemed like that dynamic did cause a wide variation in
financial impact across all 3 distributors. But I guess as we think about the fiscal '22 guidance from you
guys, you mentioned the return to the pre-COVID levels of prescriptions and patient levels in the back half
of the year. I just want to confirm whether or not that includes the normal cough, cold, flu season. Is that
also a large factor or a small factor in that 5% to 8% core EBIT growth in U.S. pharma?

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks for the question. Look, as I talked about, there were a couple of factors that really occurred
during the fourth quarter. Weak cold and flu season was one of those. We also had a winter storm. Those
had modest impacts on our results.

We do expect next year that we would have a normal flu season. Those are very difficult to predict in the
last several years. We've had some variations within what normal is based on history. But we expect that
the cold and flu season will be back to a normal cadence historically. And as utilization starts to improve
over our first half of the year and get back to pre-COVID levels in the second half of the year, that's where
we expect volumes will begin to ramp.

Operator

Our next question comes from Eric Coldwell with Baird.

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

This somewhat tails on Charles' question. It was -- in a nutshell, you guided to earnings being back
half weighted again. And frankly, if I look at the 3 years prior to COVID, your contribution was, on
average, 54% of full year earnings. So I just want to make sure that this is, more than anything, kind of a
reiteration of what happened in the past prior to COVID impacts, number one.

And then number two, if the heavy weighting of your vaccine and kitting, $0.50 to $0.70, is in the first
quarter, how do we true that up with earnings being weighted towards the back half? Is by default is the
implication that we should be a bit more cautious on 2Q results? Just trying to bridge all these moving
pieces.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. Let me see if I can help you out. You are correct. Historically, our earnings have been generated
primarily heavier in the second half of the year. And we would expect that we would have a slightly higher
second half contribution than the first half again this year.

I think when you look at our guide and you look at the vaccine contribution of $0.40 to $0.50 on the
range of $18.85 to $19.45, inside of that, the core business is still growing. And we would expect that as
utilization continues to improve through the first half and gets back to pre-COVID in the second half, that
those core earnings would reflect that.

So again, I think, historically, we've had higher second half contribution than the first half. We expect that
we'll have a slightly higher second half than first half contribution as well. We don't guide the quarter,
so I'm really not going to comment on second quarter versus first quarter. I think you should take our
thinking on how utilization comes back online.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So my question goes back to the guidance of '22 for core distribution operating income growth. We get
often questions from investors around what's the long-term growth algorithm for the business. I think it's
really helpful that you separated the core. So when we think about that core growth of 5% to 8%, and
while it doesn't include some of the COVID impacts, it does include lower volumes in the first half of the
year. Should we think about that as sort of the starting point or a baseline for longer-term growth and
when volumes accelerate that, that starting point could be even higher?

And then my follow-up question is just on the opioids litigation. Your guidance assumes sort of the same
legal expenses in 2022 and in 2021. So if we can get any updates on where you are in the process.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Ricky, for the question. Let me see if I can start with your first question. Look, we have talked
about improving momentum in our business for the last several quarters, and you referenced 5% to 8%
core. That's for our U.S. Pharmaceutical business. We expect that our business is going to continue to
generate improving momentum over the course of FY '22. And so we feel very good that we've had a
return to growth in that segment, really the whole business over the last 2 years that we would expect
that, that will continue. We've talked about some of the investments that we're making in the business
and how we're leveraging some of those investments.

And so I think what you should -- you should not think about this as a long-term jumping off point. We
don't provide long-term guidance. And I would hesitate for you to just take that 5% to 8% and take it out
over the long term. But what you should take from this is we expect continuing improvement in utilization,
continuing momentum in the business, and I think our core growth rate really reflects that.

I don't know, Brian, if you want to...

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean also embedded in the U.S. Pharma segment is the assumption that the flu season returns to
normal. That, historically, would have been in the run rate and not incremental growth for the segment.

Relative to opioids, the second part of your question, Ricky. We continue to have constructive discussions
around a broad settlement framework and structure. The parameters of that have been pretty consistent
over the last several quarters. I'm very encouraged. We're hopeful we can reach resolution. We think it will
be great for patients and communities.

But as we said last quarter, until we have a deal, we are going to continue to prepare to defend ourselves,
and we've made significant investments in that defense. We're prepared to rigorously and vigorously
defend ourselves in court if it comes to that. So our assumption, until such point in time that we have a
resolution, is that we'll continue to make the ongoing investment in our defense.

Operator

Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I was hoping you might be able to give me an answer to a question that would settle some debate in the
investor community, which is, I guess, could you talk about your appetite for maybe adding another leg
to the operational stool through M&A and kind of how we should think about the company's appetite for
deals that could be dilutive or value transference, if that's the right word, in the short term for -- to enter
segments that could relate to your core customers and might have a better long-term growth profile? So
that's kind of the really broad M&A question, but just interested in how you're thinking about the -- kind of
the risk appetite versus valuation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Well, look, first, we're always looking at the landscape. And if you look at the landscape in health care this
year, obviously, with the pandemic, we saw a lot of the telehealth assets really catch a lot of momentum.
We've gone back. We've checked our strategies based on how we've seen the landscape change over the
past year.

And I'll just say this, we have a lot of conviction that our strategy, which is built around continuing to get
growth out of the core, continuing to focus on oncology and continuing to focus on biopharma services,
where we think we have unique and distinguished capabilities, we have the opportunity to do internal
innovation to drive growth, and we have appetite to do external growth if we can find the right asset, align
to the strategy in the right way that meets our return thresholds.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jailendra Singh with Credit Suisse.

Jailendra P. Singh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I actually want to talk -- ask about your International segment. Maybe if you can provide some little bit
more details on the key drivers behind 4% to 8% core growth you expect in that business in fiscal '22.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Sure. I'll start. I mean let's -- first, we should recognize that in the International segment, the pandemic
recovery is lagging what we're seeing in the U.S. a little bit. But we're very pleased with the performance
that this business has had. We have worked diligently over the last few years to really think about how we
organize and streamline and make that business more efficient, capturing some of the scale across all of
the countries. We've been rigorous in looking at our retail footprint, and we've done some rationalization
of our physical estate there. And we've made some investments, frankly, in some digital technologies that
really were -- turned out to be quite timely and important this year as patients decided they wanted to use
digital health services more.

So we're very pleased with the performance of the European business. We run it in a very disciplined, very
tight way. It is not inherently high-growth markets. So to get the growth that we see, we're very pleased
with the team.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

And I guess I would just add. Similar to the U.S. market, our international markets have also faced COVID
headwinds. And we would expect that those markets will begin to recover along the same type of time
lines we laid out in our broader comments.

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Operator, we have time for one more question.

Operator

Certainly, that question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Brian, just in your prepared remarks, you talked about expanding U.S. Oncology. So just curious how you
see that. Philosophically, is that -- how will that play out? Is that expansion in terms of footprint, number

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

of practices, capabilities? And how are you thinking about the shift of that business or evolution of that to
value base as the oncology world changes?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. Great question. So look, we think we have a terrific value proposition for independent community-
based oncologists. And we look to grow our practices and our -- the number of oncologists in those
practices. That is part of the growth, I mean, and we like that growth.

But we also think we have the opportunity to grow our research efforts to grow our data and analytics
and insight business. We've got opportunity to put more value into our EMR so that we stay contemporary
with patient care and that we're innovating ahead of the marketplace. And we view all of these things as
kind of reinforcing each other, right? More scale in the network gives you a bigger distribution channel for
the products and services that you develop, more impact back upstream to the biopharmas. And that's
why we've actually been referring to it as an ecosystem because these are not really disconnected growth
strategies. They're actually quite connected under the umbrella of oncology.

Okay. Well, thank you, everybody. I want to end the call today by, again, just reiterating the confidence
that I have as McKesson enters our fiscal 2022. I'm excited about the businesses and the markets that we
operate in today. I'm very pleased with our performance and the momentum that gives us, and I really do
believe we are positioned for long-term success. I'm again so proud of how resilient our employees have
been throughout the pandemic. And in fiscal 2022, we look forward to supporting our customers, partners
and communities as we hopefully resolve these uncertain times.

We wish you and your families good health and wellness. Get vaccinated. And I want to wish everybody
a Happy Nurses Day. Thanks to all those amazing nurses out there on the front line. Thanks, everybody.
Have a great evening.

Operator
Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

