Medtronic plc NYSE:MDT
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 23, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.15

1.29

Revenue  (mm)

7769.17

7775.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-23-2021 12:42 PM GMT

12.17

0.08

1.43

4.23

5.83

8102.62

30080.00

32560.95

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.75

0.18

0.80

1.15

0.58

0.62

1.02

1.29

SURPRISE

(22.67 %)

244.44 %

27.50 %

12.17 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brett A. Wall
Executive VP & President of
Neuroscience Portfolio

Francesca DeMartino

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Sean M. Salmon
EVP, President of Diabetes
Operating Unit & EVP & President
of Cardiovascular Portfolio

ANALYSTS

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Matthew Oliver O'Brien
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Presentation

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning and welcome to Medtronic's Fiscal Year 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Video Webcast. I'm
Ryan Weispfenning, Vice President and Head of Medtronic Investor Relations.

Before we start the prepared remarks, I'm going to share with you a few details to keep in mind about
today's webcast. Joining me today are Geoff Martha, Medtronic Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and
Karen Parkhill, Medtronic Chief Financial Officer. Geoff and Karen will provide comments on the results of
our third quarter, which ended on January 29, 2021. After our prepared remarks, we'll take questions from
the sell-side analysts that cover the company. Today's event should last about an hour.

Earlier this morning, we issued a press release containing our financial statements and divisional and
geographic revenue summary. We also posted an earnings presentation that provides additional details
on our performance as well as changes to our future reporting structure, given our new operating model,
which will go into effect next quarter. This presentation can be accessed from our earnings press release or
on our website at investorrelations.medtronic.com.

During today's webcast, many of the statements we make may be considered forward-looking statements,
and actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. Additional
information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ is contained in our periodic reports
and other filings that we make with the SEC, and we do not undertake to update any forward-looking
statement.

Unless we say otherwise, all comparisons are on a year-over-year basis and are given on an organic
basis, which adjusts for foreign currency. There were no acquisitions made in the last year that had
a significant impact on total company or individual segment quarterly revenue growth. References to
sequential improvement compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2021 are made on an as-reported basis.
All references to share gains or losses are on a revenue and calendar quarter basis unless otherwise
stated. Finally, reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the attachment to our
earnings press release or on our website at investorrelations.medtronic.com.

With that, let's get started.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

[Presentation]

Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining today.

The Q3 results that we reported this morning reflect that our business is well on its way to returning to
growth with a sequential improvement in both revenue and earnings. This happened despite the impact of
the COVID resurgence on procedure volumes in late December and January. We're also outperforming our
markets as our new products are driving share gains in an increasing number of our businesses. In fact,
we outperformed the market even if you exclude our strong ventilator sales. And when you consider that
we're going up against a number of our competitors' year-end pushes and our results include the month of
January when COVID was having a increased impact on procedure volumes, our performance is even more
impressive.

We're also seeing signs that our hospital customers are preparing for a robust recovery. For example,
purchases of our capital equipment this past quarter have been notably strong. The use of our capital
equipment, such as energy consoles, robotics and navigation systems, is tied directly to procedures. So
it's telling that hospitals are prioritizing spending on this type of equipment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Now as we head into our fourth quarter, we're bullish on the recovery and our ability to return to growth
and outpace our competitors. We feel that the momentum we have is going to build over the coming
quarters driven not just by the COVID recovery, but by the strong new product flow that we expect to
bring to the market. And we're supplementing this pipeline with an increasing cadence of tuck-in M&A.
We've also implemented our new operating model, and we're enhancing our culture with a sharpened
competitive focus. Through the actions we've taken over the past year, we're emerging from this pandemic
as a stronger Medtronic, and I'm confident that we're well positioned for both the short and the long term.

Now as we've done on the past couple of earning calls, I'm going to lead off with the discussion of market
share, which has become an important focus across the company. I acknowledge that the COVID impact
on procedures, along with the timing of our quarter, does mask some of the underlying market dynamics.
But I hope that you're now seeing a strong trend of share gains for Medtronic.

And there are multiple drivers for our improved market performance. Our prolific pipeline is key, but also
the transformation of our operating model and culture is beginning to drive results. And the changes we've
made during the pandemic, moving from simply serving as a supplier to our customers to becoming a true
partner, has driven stronger customer relationships and improved business performance.

Our consistent and sustained flow of new products is our engine for growth. In the past quarter alone,
we've received an additional 46 product approvals, bringing our total to over 220 regulatory approvals in
the U.S., Europe, Japan and China since January of 2020.

Let's start with the businesses where we are gaining share in our Cardiac and Vascular Group. We continue
to outperform our competitors in cardiac rhythm. We gained another point of share this past quarter on
the strength of our micro family of leadless pacemakers and our Cobalt and Crome high-power devices.
Micro continues to perform extremely well with 64% growth globally, including 76% growth in the U.S.

In coronary, while we we're dealing with the financial impact of the China drug-eluting stent national
tender, we're still winning share globally. We estimate that our DES unit share is up 3 points year-over-
year and 2 points sequentially led by strong share gains in the U.S. on our 1-month dual anti-platelet
therapy labeling and expanded indication for high-bleeding risk patients. And in China, we believe that
being one of the winners of the DES national tender strategically positions us to maintain our leadership in
the China cardiovascular market. Not only do we expect to pull through other products, but we expect to
leverage our scale and reach to drive the successful future rollouts of our TAVR and Ardian products.

In drug-coated balloons, we're growing well above the market despite increased competition. We gained
a couple of points of share on the strength of our market-leading IN.PACT family. In fact, we're seeing
continued strong adoption of our DCB for AV fistula maintenance for dialysis patients driven by the
publication of our data in the New England Journal of Medicine.

Next, turning to our Minimally Invasive Therapies Group.

Our Surgical Innovations business had a good quarter against our primary competitor, J&J. We gained
nearly 1 point of share year-over-year driven by our energy and endo stapling product lines.

Our Respiratory Interventions business had a great quarter, growing over 75%. And this was driven by
the importance of our airway and ventilator products in treated-COVID patients. And as expected, our
ventilator sales were down sequentially, but nearly tripled year-over-year. And our PB980 gained share in
the high-acuity ventilator market. We also gained share in airways driven by our impressive growth of over
60% in video laryngoscopes. Looking ahead, our ventilator revenue should normalize as pandemic-related
demand decreases, and we anticipate year-over-year headwinds starting next quarter.

Our Patient Monitoring business also had a strong double-digit growth quarter. Our Nellcor pulse oximetry
product lines grew double digits as we won share sequentially for Masimo.

In Gastrointestinal, we had some modest share gains driven in part by our partnership with the NHS
in England. The NHS is using our PillCam COLON to help reduce large patient backlogs for colorectal
screenings.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

And our Renal Care business grew in the high single digits with share gains in renal access.

In our Restorative Therapies group, we're seeing share gains across several businesses. In Cranial &
Spinal Technologies, while share was stable year-over-year, we do believe we're up sequentially.

We had a strong quarter in large capital equipment sales with a record number of Mazor robotic system
unit sales and near records for our O-arm imaging and StealthStation navigation systems. And with Mazor,
we estimate that we continue to meaningfully outsell our nearest competitor, Globus, in the spine robotics
space.

In Neuromodulation, our recent product rollouts are leading the share gains in both Brain Modulation
and Pain Stim. In Brain Modulation, our Percept PC launch has led to nearly 1 point of share gain year-
over-year and several points of share gains sequentially from Boston Scientific and Abbot. Now given our
technology differentiation, we expect DBS share gains to be a multiyear trend.

In Pain Stim, we're gaining strong momentum from our DTM launch with nearly 1 point of share gain year-
over-year, which is even more impressive when you consider that this business is facing a replacement
headwind. Our DTM trial surged this quarter after the release of our 12-month data in late October. And
overall, our trials are up 10% year-over-year, which is a really good leading indicator for the health of our
Pain Stim business.

In Pelvic Health, not only is the market growth accelerated over the past couple of quarters, but we
continue to win share back from Axonics based on the differentiation of our InterStim Micro device. Since
last quarter, we gained another point of share in Europe and 3 points of share in the U.S. We've now taken
back 9 points of share from Axonics over the past 2 quarters. And when you look specifically at the U.S.
rechargeable market, we gained back 14 points of share sequentially this quarter.

So there are a number of businesses where we are gaining or holding share, but there are still some
businesses where we've got some work to do. In our Cardiac Ablation Solutions business, we believe
we lost about 1 point of share year-over-year and sequentially, primarily to J&J's broad EP product
portfolio. Now we expect this share performance to turn around in the quarters ahead due in part to our
DiamondTemp cardiac ablation system, which just received FDA approval. In cardiac diagnostics, customer
response to our LINQ II system has been outstanding given our remote programming capabilities,
enhanced feature set and a 4.5-year longevity.

That said, we estimate we lost a few points of share sequentially to Boston Scientific as they enter this
market. We continue now to ramp our unique wafer scale manufacturing for LINQ II, but expect to be
supply-constrained for the next few quarters. However, we are confident in the competitive differentiation
of our LINQ II device, and we expect to maintain our strong leadership position in this market that we
created and have innovated for the last 20 years.

In Neurovascular, while we held share year-over-year with strong growth in aspirations and coils, we lost a
bit of share sequentially. And this was primarily in flow diverters as new entrants, specifically Terumo and
Stryker, pick up some share. We have a series of new product launches coming in neuro later this calendar
year, so I'm confident that after the initial impact of competition in flow diverters that we'll get back to
taking share.

In Diabetes, we're making considerable progress in our turnaround efforts, and we actually returned to
growth this quarter. While we're still not growing with the market, we're gaining momentum with the
successful launches of our 770G system in the U.S. and the 780G, which is now available in 26 countries
across 4 continents. Now as a result of all this, we estimate we picked up several points of durable insulin
pump share sequentially.

Next, let's turn to our product pipeline. We're at the front end of a number of large opportunities to win
share and create and disrupt big markets, all aimed squarely at accelerating our growth. A number of
these catalysts are on deck this calendar year, and the long-term pipeline also remains full.

Starting with CVG, we're expecting to present our ON-MED renal denervation pivotal trial results later this
calendar year likely at the TCT Conference in October. This could be one of the most important events in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

medtech this year given the multibillion-dollar addressable market in hypertension. Now depending on the
results of our On-MED trial, we're planning to submit for FDA approval later this calendar year, and we've
already been granted breakthrough device designation.

In our Cardiac Ablation Solutions business, we are expecting a first-line therapy indication for Arctic Front
cryoballoon in the first half of this calendar year. We also continue to make good progress on bringing our
disruptive pulse field ablation system to market.

In Structural Heart, we expect to roll out our next-generation Evolut FX TAVR valve later this calendar
year with its enhanced deliverability and ease of use. We continue to enroll the pivotal trial for our
Intrepid transcatheter mitral valve as well. And we're pleased to see that Half Moon Medical, which is our
partnership with the foundry, completed the first-in-human procedure of its differentiated transcatheter
mitral repair technology. This unique device has the potential to be very disruptive to current mitral clip
technology.

In MITG, we're really excited as we're nearing some very important milestones for our Hugo soft tissue
robot system. We remain on track to submit for CE Mark and to file for U.S. IDE approval next month.

In RTG, we're investing heavily in growth opportunities. In Neurosurgery, we're expanding the capabilities
of our Mazor spine robotic system. In Pain Stim, we're expecting to launch our recharge-free device
later this calendar year. This is a big opportunity for Medtronic to dramatically increase our share in the
recharge-free category of Pain Stim. We also expect to submit our ECAPs device to the FDA later this
calendar year. ECAPs could be a very disruptive technology in Pain Stim, and we intend to bring it to
market combined with all the advantages of our DTM therapy and our Intellis device platform.

In Brain Modulation, we expect to launch our SenSight directional lead later this calendar year, which will
close a key competitive gap. In fact, when you combine SenSight with our Percept PC device, our deep
brain stimulation system will be far ahead of the competition. And we're not stopping there. We're now
enrolling our ADAPT-PD pivotal trial, which is studying our closed-loop adaptive technology that will further
extend our leadership position in DBS.

In Neurovascular, in addition to the flow diverter launch, as I mentioned earlier, we have 5 additional
products that we plan to launch this calendar year. Now we haven't disclosed the details of these launches
for competitive reasons, but we're excited about the innovation that we're bringing into the stroke market.

In Diabetes, we have now submitted the adult and the pediatric 780G insulin pump and Zeus sensor to the
FDA to provide them with an efficient means to simultaneously review our multiple submissions. Approval
timing, well, that's going to be dependent on the FDA's bandwidth as the branch of the FDA responsible for
diabetes product reviews has focused their resources on COVID-diagnostic submissions.

Regarding our Synergy sensor, which is disposable, easier to apply and half the size of our current sensor,
we've completed our pivotal trial and intend to submit it to the FDA once we complete our manufacturing
module this summer.

I'll now have Karen take you through a discussion of our third quarter financials and our outlook. And then
I'm going to come back with some concluding remarks before we go to Q&A.

Karen, over to you.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you.

Our third quarter revenue declined 1% organic and adjusted EPS declined 10%. As Geoff mentioned, we're
well on our way to returning to growth as sequentially, our revenue increased 2% and adjusted EPS grew
by 26% on the strength of our new products and execution. While the resurgence of COVID did impact our
performance across several businesses, we continue to view this impact as temporary. It's worth noting
that our average daily sales in the third quarter were tracking higher than the second quarter through the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

latter part of December. However, we saw a step down driven by the COVID resurgence starting in the
holiday period and continuing through the end of the quarter.

Procedure volumes were light in many geographies and specifically impacted our Surgical Innovations,
Spine and many of our Cardiac and Vascular businesses. As Geoff mentioned, despite the slowdown in
procedures, sales of our capital equipment were strong and point to a turn soon.

While our third quarter revenue was in line with Street expectations, we came in $0.14 ahead of
consensus on EPS with an $0.11 beat on better operating margins and $0.03 on tax. FX, which was a
greater-than-expected tailwind to revenues, was a headwind to EPS, $0.02 more than our November
expectations.

We continue to see strong sequential improvement in our adjusted margins, 180 basis points on our gross
margin and 430 basis points on our operating margin. Our operating margin improvement was faster than
expected driven in part by expense controls in SG&A. Down the P&L, our tax rate came in lower than we
expected as we finalized taxes owed on certain prior year's returns during the quarter.

Turning to our balance sheet. Our cash position is strong, and we remain focused on investing, both
organically and inorganically, through tuck-in acquisitions and minority investments to drive our long-term
growth. We recently announced another acquisition of the radial artery access portfolio from privately held
RIST Neurovascular and now have 8 tuck-ins since the beginning of last calendar year with a combined
total consideration of approximately $1.7 billion.

We expect these investments to fuel revenue growth acceleration and create strong returns for our
shareholders. And we continue to supplement these returns with a strong and growing dividend. We are
an S&P Dividend Aristocrat having increased our dividend for 43 years, and our yield of 2% places us in
the top quintile of all S&P 500 health care companies.

Now turning to our outlook. While we expect the impact from the COVID resurgence to diminish, the effect
from the ongoing pandemic to our business remains challenging to predict. So we will continue to not
provide our typical guidance.

That said, I do want to give you our sense of the trends ahead. We continue to see a lag in our average
daily sales in the first couple of weeks of February. But we expect that to steadily improve not only as we
exit the month, but throughout the quarter as COVID hospitalizations decrease, ICU capacity increases
and hospitals return to more normal procedure volumes. Said a different way, we expect March to be
stronger than February and April to be stronger than March.

As we look at fourth quarter Street expectations and from where we sit today, we are comfortable with
Street consensus on revenues and EPS. Within this, it's reasonable to think about organic revenue growth
in a range between 30% and 34% if the recovery trends follow our expectations. In that case, by group,
RTG organic growth would be around 50%; CVG, around 40%; and MITG, around 15%, reflecting the
continued ramp down in ventilator revenues and a tough year-over-year comparison; and Diabetes
organic growth would be in the high single digits.

On the P&L, while we continue to invest in our product pipeline and launches, we do expect sequential
operating leverage as our revenue improves. Therefore, we would expect around 1 point to 1.5 points
improvement on gross margin and 1.5 points to 2 points improvement on operating margin, both on a
sequential basis. Regarding currency, assuming recent rates hold constant, the tailwind to revenue would
be roughly $250 million. On the bottom line, we expect an approximate $0.04 headwind.

I'd like to end by reminding you that our new operating model became effective earlier this month. And
I'm excited by the impact it will have on our culture and our ability to drive growth acceleration. It will
have minimal impact, however, on our external reporting. And you can refer to the slides in our earnings
presentation for details on the minor changes going forward.

Back to you, Geoff.

Geoffrey Straub Martha

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

CEO & Chairman of the Board

Okay. Thank you, Karen.

Now to wrap up. We're continuing to put points on the board with strong execution across the
organization. We're winning share in an increasing number of our businesses. We're executing on a record
number of product launches. We're accelerating our growth. Our end markets are coming back, and we
have exciting opportunities ahead of us. And importantly, we're positioning the company for long-term
success as we continue to invest in our pipeline, enhance our culture and execute our new operating
model.

We're empowering our 20 operating units. We've delayered and decentralized the organization, giving us
greater visibility into our end markets and increasing our speed, decisiveness and competitiveness while at
the same time, leveraging the strengths of our enterprise in areas like manufacturing and core technology
development. And we're able to accomplish all of this because of our talented organization. I want to
thank all of our employees for another great quarter and their continued hard work and commitment to
the Medtronic mission.
So with that, let's now move to Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Question and Answer

Francesca DeMartino

We'll now turn to the Q&A session with the Medtronic executives answering live questions from the sell-
side analysts that cover the company. I'm Francesca DeMartino from the Medtronic IR team.

[Operator Instructions] Lastly, please be advised that this Q&A session is being recorded.

For today's session, Geoff, Karen and Ryan are joined by Sean Salmon, EVP and President of the
Cardiovascular portfolio and the Diabetes operating unit; Bob White, EVP and President of the Medical-
Surgical portfolio; and Brett Wall, EVP and President of the Neuroscience portfolio.

We'll take the first question from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Can you hear me okay?

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. We can hear you fine, David.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Just two from me. I'll start with financials. So Karen, I appreciate all the detail you gave us. Just
want a couple of clarifications here. One, you talked about March better than February. Some of your
peers have talked about February beginning to bounce a bit or improve relative to January. Have you seen
February begin to turn? And is there anything about fiscal '22? I know we're not going to get full guidance
for the full year, but anything about Street models in the forward year that you call out at this time that
we should be focused on? And then I have a quick follow-up for Sean.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks for the two questions, David. In February, so far, if we look at our average daily sales rate by
week, we have not yet seen a turnaround, but we really do believe that it's due to the tough weather
in the United States. And so we do believe that we will see that turnaround very soon. We think we're
already seeing it in terms of procedures and hospitals. And again, we're focused on March being much
better than February and April much better than March.

If we think about FY '22, it's still early. We are still in our planning period. And while I'd love to give some
guidance on FY '22, it's premature given the fact that the COVID is still uncertain and we're still in our
planning period.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And then just my follow-up here, just looking for Sean. I mean, Sean, the Diabetes business
obviously was the standout versus most Street models here this quarter. I just wonder if you could talk
about what you're seeing in 780G relative to what we had seen historically with 670G. The guidance for
next quarter probably doesn't seem as strong as I would expect given the momentum in diabetes this
quarter.

So is there anything to think about there? And then just any sense of kind of Zeus versus Synergy in
terms of relative time line? Does it make sense to launch those products independently if they're going to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

be sort of right on top of each other from a following strategy. So just a general diabetes update would be
very helpful.

Sean M. Salmon
EVP, President of Diabetes Operating Unit & EVP & President of Cardiovascular Portfolio

Yes. Thanks, David. So I'd say with 780G, what people are really enjoying about that is getting to stay in
auto mode a lot longer. So that leads to better glycemic control. With the early reports, people are in the
kind of the '90s in the post-market realm for glycemic control, but more importantly, they're not getting
interrupted to take blood sugars that's cut down in half. They're able to sleep through the night with really
good blood sugar control. And we measure things like Net Promoter Score on a product level as well, and
it's up about tenfold from what we saw experience of 670G. So a very, very big improvement.

And we're also seeing in the 670G, I think the transmitter, which connects CGM to the pump, seems to
function better than the way we used to connect that on 670G. So it's more reliable. And that, coupled
with being able to see your numbers in the phone, has led to a better experience as well. And of course,
that pipeline is upgradable to not just the 780G, but also the new sensor pipeline you asked about and the
extended wear infusion set.

With regard to Synergy, we've already filed Zeus that was filed in November. Synergy will be filed upon
the completion of the manufacturing validation in the summertime. So they will be separated by probably
enough to make a difference where we're going to want to have both products in the market, but we'll
sort that out. We don't need to launch it -- we don't need to launch yet, but I think we're going to have a
period of time where Zeus will precede Synergy for both pump integration as well as stand-alone use.

Francesca DeMartino

The next question comes from Bob Hopkins at BofA Securities.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. So two quick things. First one, just to follow up on David's question on 2022. If you assume no
third or fourth wave of COVID, and I realize that's an uncertainty. But if you just assume that doesn't
happen, Karen, is there anything about the Street consensus that sticks out to you in that scenario?

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I would say, Bob, it is early to tell from our planning process. But you can expect very strong growth
off of a depressed base next year. And the Street is expecting that. So harder for me to give guidance
beyond that when we're still in our planning process.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. And then for Sean or for Geoff, on CBG, that was the 1 division in the quarter that was a little bit
weaker than you originally thought. And I was wondering if you could just comment on that broadly.
How much of that was simply worse than expected on the COVID side versus other things that surprised
you during the quarter? And I ask the question because I want to understand what sort of turns around
momentum in that division relative to your expectations.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

I'll let Sean. Sean, do you want to go ahead and take that one?

Sean M. Salmon
EVP, President of Diabetes Operating Unit & EVP & President of Cardiovascular Portfolio

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Yes. Sure. Well, so first of all, I'd say that we got affected by a few things in the quarter, mostly coming
out of the holidays into January. We saw the more elective parts of CVG slow down due to COVID and also
where we had more concentrated kind of hospital clusters where so you're in a tertiary care setting for like
TAVR or cardiac surgery procedures. When you had cities shutting down because of COVID, we just had
more of an impact on volume. And it's come back a little bit, but for some weather here in the February
time frame, as Karen described. But I'd say generally, the things that were moving the quarter were Micra,
also TYRX, they were both really good. DCB is coming back. And the CRM portfolio with the exception of
tachy, which still has its replacement headwinds, was moving in the right direction.

As I said, TAVI was a slower than we had hoped quarter-on-quarter, but we think it's going to pick up
momentum as we go forward into the next quarter. And of course, in core Coronary, while we gained
share, we did have a $45 million headwind due to the China DES tender, which is going to recur every
quarter until it annualizes.

Francesca DeMartino

The next question comes from Robbie Marcus at JPMorgan.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on a good quarter. Maybe two questions, I'll just ask them upfront probably both for Karen. One
on margins. You did great OpEx control in the quarter. SG&A was down sequentially, which we typically
don't see. How are you thinking about coming out of COVID going into fiscal '22? How much leverage can
we see? How much is spending that's been held back versus needs to be put into place once procedures
come back?

And then second, if you could touch on free cash flow. Trends continue to look pretty encouraging. How
should we think about free cash flow conversion going forward?

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Robbie, for both questions. We did see good continued expense control this quarter,
particularly in SG&A, and we would expect that to continue. That has helped drive our sequential margin
improvement. It's not the only thing. Obviously, revenue growth helped drive it, too. And we talk about
the fact that we expect sequential margin improvement both in gross and operating margins for Q4. As we
think ahead, I would just keep in mind that our fourth quarter operating margins tend to be our highest
margin. So I wouldn't necessarily extrapolate those onto the full year for next year. But we do, again,
expect to have continued good expense control.

And in terms of free cash flow, yes, we have seen very encouraging things with free cash flow both on
better-than-expected profit from the beginning of the year along with better-than-expected collections on
accounts receivable despite the pandemic. So we've got good momentum particularly in both places. And
you've seen our free cash flow, at least year-to-date, be above that 80% conversion. I would say that free
cash flow is more of an annual metric because cash flows can be lumpy. And while we may be under that
80% conversion rate for the full year just because of COVID and the pandemic, we are clearly committed
to that conversion rate being above the 80% going forward.

Francesca DeMartino

The next question comes from Larry Biegelsen at Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

One for Bob, one for Karen. Can you hear me okay, Ryan?

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

We can. Yes.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. So Bob, on the surgical robot, the filing seems like it's on track. Can you talk about how you're
feeling about the 100 to 150 basis points of contribution to growth in fiscal '22? It seems like a lot at this
point. And any reaction to the J&J system?

And I'll ask my question for Karen. Karen, I apologize. On fiscal 2022, I know we're going to get a lot of
questions on it. So by my math, your guidance implies about 3% to 4% underlying growth in Q4. Should
we be thinking about -- is there any reason why we shouldn't be thinking about fiscal '22 underlying
growth of about 5% or there's ventilator -- you have headwinds like ventilator sales, the Valiant recall and
the extra week in '21. So does that make 5% underlying challenging? And is there any reason why the
margins in '22 won't be in line with 2019? You're exiting this year at about 29%.

Sean M. Salmon
EVP, President of Diabetes Operating Unit & EVP & President of Cardiovascular Portfolio

Great. So I'll go first, Larry. Thanks for the question. We continue to expect to hit those same revenue
contributions, Larry, I gave you in Hartford, right, which was less than 50 bps in '21; 100 to 150 in '22;
and then in FY '23, 200 to 250. Look, the feedback on our system and our approach to building out the
digital ecosystem, which you and I talked about around Touch Surgery Enterprise, has been really positive.
We feel confident our portfolio is competitive, and we'll really expand the marketplace that I've talked
about a lot going forward. So I think we're on track, Larry, with what I told you.

And of course, as Geoff mentioned in his comments a few minutes ago, we've got some really important
milestones coming up, but we're really excited about where we're at. And as you'd anticipate, I wouldn't --
I'm not going to comment on the J&J system, Larry, other than to just say, we feel really great about our
platform, the feedback we've got, the open council, the modularity, the upgradability, the leverage of our
surgical instrumentation. So we feel great about the competitiveness of our system, and we're excited to
get those milestones we talked about here in March.

So with that, I'll hand it back to Karen, I think.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And Larry, I appreciate the questions on FY '22 and recognize that you guys are getting those
questions. And so I would love to be able to give you a lot more color, but I really -- we're really in this
planning phase. And so it's very difficult for me to give you more color than I've given. Expect a strong
growth off of a depressed base. We're very excited about our pipeline and our launches ahead, and we've
talked about revenue growth being strong and accelerating into the future. So just we'll give you color
when we can or official guidance if the pandemic clears on FY '22. But in the meantime, we're just going to
have to wait until our fourth quarter call.

Sean M. Salmon
EVP, President of Diabetes Operating Unit & EVP & President of Cardiovascular Portfolio

Yes. No. Look, just to emphasize, we are bullish about FY '22, but it is -- we're just -- it's too early for us
to give any specific guidance.

Francesca DeMartino

The next question comes from Vijay Kumar at Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on your solid performance here for 3Q. I have two product questions. Maybe the first one on
diabetes. I guess you look at the time lines here on 780 plus Zeus, that's subject to the FDA. But based

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

on I guess how the 780 launch has done in Europe, but do you now feel more confident of getting back to
market growth just with 780 plus Zeus. And I'm curious on Synergy, you said the trial is complete. Have
you seen the data? Do you think you have -- the product can get an ICM label?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Vijay, so 780, yes, the device it's very competitive, and I think we'll do well with it when we get into the
marketplace. Now the sensor experience has continued to be what we need to improve. And of course,
we have the pipeline working to that. With regard to the Synergy data, we will be filing an abstract with
that as well as the Zeus data, hopefully, for the -- for an ADA presentation. So you'll see the data when it
becomes available if that abstract gets accepted.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got you. And then one I guess on RDN. I'm curious, the device has a breakthrough designation, the new
MCIT ruling. How does that curve adoption here? I'm curious on how we should be thinking about the
revenue ramp now that you have a flat rate for reimbursement.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Yes. So Vijay, that would give us 4 years of reimbursement if it survives the administration change, of
course, within the Medicare population. And that's -- if I look at the trial population that we studied so far,
that's about 1/3 of the population that was in the study.

So that means that the rest of the work needs to be done for commercial payers. And that's going to be
a street fight, state by state, payer by payer. We're already beginning that work, but that would be the
bigger work to do within reimbursement. And of course, that has to be repeated at the country level all
around the world where we have regulatory approvals.

So the availability of reimbursement is a critical part of that adoption curve. And just to remind you, we
think that we can get that to a $3 billion market with just a 1% penetration. So it's a huge opportunity for
us, and reimbursement will be important for that -- the speed of that ramp.

Francesca DeMartino

The next question the next question is from Pito Chickering at Deutsche Bank.

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Karen, a follow-up question for you on Robbie's question on operating margins. You talked about a very
strong SG&A. Can you give us a color on how gross margins were able to grow sequentially by 180 basis
points despite negative organic revenue growth? And as revenues begin to normalize, why are there going
to be more tailwinds in the fourth quarter versus with the guidance you gave us?

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So on gross margins, those are clearly impacted by price and mix and other things like tariffs that can
come into play. So we do expect -- we've had sequential improvement. We expect continued sequential
improvement, as we talked about. And where you see it mostly showing up so far is in the operating
margin and because we are driving greater expense efficiencies on the SG&A line in particular, and you
can expect that to continue.

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Okay. Then looking to the script, I think you did talk about the strength of capital markets and in your
press release, you highlighted Mazor and the O-arm. I mean hospitals spend whatever the capital they
have budgeted by the end of the year, otherwise they lose it. Can you sort of talk -- walk us through what
you're seeing in the capital markets sort of in January and through February? And what you're seeing or
hearing from the field for calendar 2021?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Pito, we're just saying -- look, there's -- the capital equipment that, obviously, that we sell is directly tied
to procedures, right? Elective procedures that are -- tend to be in the United States, in particular, high
profit margin for the hospitals. And we're tying this to, one, the value proposition in this equipment, right,
which we've invested in over the years and how it enhances the procedure and the outpatient outcomes.
But it is I think, in our mind, a signal to a snapback in patient volumes coming -- that we expect over the
coming months. And that's consistent with the conversations we've had with hospital CEOs over the last 2
weeks.

I don't know, Brett, if you want to add to that.

Brett A. Wall
Executive VP & President of Neuroscience Portfolio

Yes. Really the same, Geoff. We're seeing -- we haven't seen the turn yet in procedures after the January
resurgence, but the capital markets remain strong. And the hospital CEOs and others are really preparing
for that and then upgrading their existing fleets of navigation and imaging, and then we've seen the strong
robotics quarter. So we think that portends well for the future here as we get through this time period and
resurgence of cases commences.

Francesca DeMartino

The next question is from Matt O'Brien at Piper Jaffray.

Matthew Oliver O'Brien
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess, Sean, just for starters, again, on the product side of things, Micra had another great quarter,
getting tougher on the comp side of things. I'm just curious between VR and AV, where you're at in terms
of penetrating those 2 indications. And especially on the AV side, what are you seeing in terms of adoption
in that indication? And how much room do we have to go there?

Sean M. Salmon
EVP, President of Diabetes Operating Unit & EVP & President of Cardiovascular Portfolio

Yes. I'll have to get back to you with the specifics. But just in general, the VR is penetrating within that
single-chamber market a little bit more. And that's a phenomena we see deeper in the U.S than we see
outside the U.S. And the AV is driving growth for the most part, except for China where we can introduce
the VR, and that's starting to tick up. It's only there as well as in Japan, we only have the VR version.

So we have the AV coming in the third quarter of next year for Japan. So we think that that's going to be
a big growth driver for us to continue the Micra penetration. But there's headroom to grow. And of course,
we haven't touched the other market, which is the AV block market. We have a future product for left
atrial appendage of Micra atrial.

Matthew Oliver O'Brien
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Got it. And sorry to put you on the spot there just given how short you've been in that seat. I guess,
Geoff, question for you. Just on the new product side, there's just been just -- there's a long list of new
products that you're introducing, which is great to see. I'm just curious how potentially you could be
impacted negatively because of COVID, because of hospitals' inability to adopt new technology in this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

environment. And how you kind of -- how that could potentially slow down some of these new products as
we get in into fiscal '22 and how you kind of guard against that.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Actually, what we've seen is despite -- obviously, the COVID overhang has impacted all elective
procedures and it's been a headwind for us in total. But where we're launching new products, even in this
-- the backdrop of these market conditions, we're seeing adoption.

Would it be better without COVID? Absolutely, but we are still seeing adoption. I mean Sean was just
talking about Micra. I mean it's -- it grew again, another great quarter at 75% in the U.S. and like 64% or
something like that globally. In our neuroscience or in RTG, in the Neuromodulation space, whether it be
our new technology in pelvic health or our deep brain stimulation, our Percept PC deep neurostimulator, or
in pain, our new pain products, the DTM product, all of those are getting disproportionate share versus the
competition.

And yes, I mean it would be better in a non-COVID environment, but we are seeing products get adopted.
We are seeing some price improvement where we have differentiated technology that warrants it. So yes,
I'm looking forward for COVID to be behind us here, but it really hasn't stopped hospitals from adopting --
maybe not at the scale they otherwise would have, but adopting new technology.

Francesca DeMartino

The next question is from Joanne Wuensch at Citi.

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Two pieces. One, if there are a couple of headwinds and reliefs, we'll call it, next year, is there a way to
quantify the ventilator headwind and the Valiant headwind? And then can you remind us when the China
tenders annualizes?

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Joanne. Thanks for the question. In terms of the -- I think you meant the Navion headwind,
we do expect our Q4 revenue to be impacted by roughly $40 million from that headwind. And then if we
look going forward into next year, we're going to be focused on introducing our prior product, the Captivia
product, and ramping that up throughout the year. So we expect that to help offset the headwind from
Navion. So we expect about $25 million to $30 million per quarter in fiscal '22, a little bit higher at the
beginning of the year as we're rolling out the product and a little bit less toward the end of the year.

And then you had a second question, and I need to remember what that was.

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

It was part of quantifying the ventilator headwind and when the China tenders annualize.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thank you. So on ventilators, obviously, sequentially, we're seeing ventilator growth come down as
we expected. And we expect that to continue into next year. But keep in mind, ventilator is a small part of
Medtronic. And so we recognize we've got certain headwinds, and we're going to be focused on offsetting
where we can.

And in terms of the China tender, we expect the China tender along -- the DES national tender along with
the balloon multi-provincial tenders to impact us about $45 million a quarter. That will start to anniversary
in the second quarter of next year and then fully anniversary in the third quarter of next year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Operator

Next question is from Josh Jennings at Cowen.

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to just focus on Structural Heart franchise and the pipeline. With Mike Coyle's departure, we've
been surprised that Medtronic hasn't pursued an edge-to-edge repair solution. I know the Half Moon
investment is in place. But post the COAPT data, it's a proven therapy for degenerative and functional
mitral regurgitation and the only game in town right now. Are there any internal plans outside of Half
Moon to pursue -- Half Moon being a different technology, but are there any internal plans to pursue edge-
to-edge repair internally?

And then also, I wanted to ask about the Intrepid enrollment pace? And any updates there you can share,
the expectations of when enrollment could be completed. And then lastly, LAAO, any new thoughts or
strategy to pursue that market, which is building nicely?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Josh, I guess I'll start with the edge-to-edge repair. That's based on a surgical procedure that isn't done as
a stand-alone surgery anymore. And the reason for that is because you kind of leave -- you sort of trade
1 disease for another, right? You bring those edges together and you leave -- you fix the leak of the valve,
but you leave behind basically a stenotic valve, which continues to partially leak.

And the idea of replacing that valve were in the case of like a Half Moon where you're basically replacing
the back leaflet, you can eliminate MR completely and also leave open future options to fix that valve,
which you're cut off from in a clip technology. So it doesn't really make sense to us to pursue something
that has a couple of players in it already and has some residual limitations. It makes more sense to go for
a repair solution that creates more options and does a better job of eliminating MR.

With regard to the Intrepid trial, we did change the end point in that trial. And it's picked up a lot. It's a
Bayesian design, so the enrollment won't be dependent on some interim looks down the road. Enrollment
did pick up. We continue to have some challenges where there are COVID hotspots at the individual center
level, but it's continuing along.

And then your last question on left atrial appendage. I guess kind of like the first one, unless you have
a really differentiated technology that brings more to the party, it's not something that we're going
to pursue just me-too products in. We have obviously some interest in that space, but it has to be a
technology that really matters and brings a difference to the patients and the clinicians.

Francesca DeMartino

The next question is from Matt Taylor at UBS.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I wanted to go back to this commentary that you made about investment in productive capital and
hospitals gearing up for the snapback in procedures. Could you offer any thoughts on whether you think
there's pent-up demand in the system? And do you think that that's going to lead to elevated levels of
utilization as we go through calendar '21? Is that what you think the hospitals are gearing up for? Or any
more color on those investor plans would be helpful.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Sure. Well, Matt, I'll take that one. Look, I can go back to what we experienced in 2020, right? After the
initial wave of COVID hit back in the spring time frame, there was a fairly -- especially in the U.S., but all
over the world, a quick -- fairly quick recovery, I think, much faster than people anticipated.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

And we feel that prior to this latest wave, this latest spike of COVID that really hit us in late December,
we had worked through the majority of that backlog, right? So call that over a 6-, 7-month time frame.
And so we would expect something similar here, right? So a new backlog has built up, and we expect to be
able to work through that over the next 6 months or so.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. So and then as a follow-up, I was hoping -- you gave a nice slide in the presentation on the
performance by a number of different geographies, and there was pretty good recovery across most of
them. Could you offer any thoughts on how you see the trends by developed versus emerging over the
next couple of periods here? Is it going to be similar in terms of recovery in your mind?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Well, first of all, I'll start with China. China is pretty much back to normal, right? And for us, if you back
out the impact of the China tender, we had a really strong quarter in China and don't expect that to
change. So China is back to normal.

Then I'll come over to the United States, and we talked about that. I think the worst is behind us with this
second wave. And as Karen indicated earlier, we expect to see the recovery. It was a little delayed I think
by the -- some of the weather we had here over the last week, but they start to see a procedural recovery.
And we do think that's going to go fairly robust recovery, fairly quick, like we saw the first spike.

And then Europe I think will be -- will trail the United States by a couple of months. It's just not going to
move. I don't think it's going to move quite as fast in terms of recovery.

And then if you look at other parts of Asia Pacific and Latin America, they are back to growth. And I think
they'll kind of continue to steadily improve.

So that's the way I'd sum it up, and we're really watching the U.S. recovery and the Europe one.

And like I said, we think Europe will trail the U.S. by a couple of months.

Francesca DeMartino

The next question is from Matt Miksic at Crédit Suisse.

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So I had one follow-up on some of the questions you've had on 2022. And as we think about sort of the
major drivers, very strong pipeline, obviously, as you've talked about. But if you could call out maybe
some of the key business lines or where you're going to have continued momentum into 2022 and maybe
some of the larger launches or product lines where we should expect those to be kind of the big poles of
the tent to get to that whatever it is that you'd land on, mid-single-digit growth for '22. And I've got one
follow-up.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Well, look, I expect -- I know the comps get a little harder with Micra, but a strong continued cardiac
rhythm growth into the year in neuroscience -- in RTG, all the neuromodulation-related therapies there
with DBS. I think we're going to see a multiyear share gain and growth in DBS because we're following up
our Percept DBS launch with our new SenSight leads, which enhance the sensing and provide us durability.
And we're launching a new clinical trial for closed-loop adaptive DBS.

In pain, we've got the new DTM product from the Stimgenics acquisition that sits on top of our Intellis
platform, and that's got a lot of momentum. And I think the physician community is excited about the idea
of us bringing ECAPs to market. So that's -- so we've got a little momentum there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

And of course, in our overactive or pelvic health business, neuromodulation for overactive bladder, you
heard in the commentary, we've got a lot of momentum there as well. And then, of course, you've got the
soft tissue robot launching, Bob already articulated the impact there at the MITG level of 100 basis points
or so.

So those are some big ones. And in cardiology, we've got a lot going on as well. Our atrial fibrillation
business with Diamond -- the DiamondTemp launch is another one in our first-line indication for our cryo
product line are also exciting I think growth drivers for us.

I don't know, Sean, did I leave anything out there? You've got quite a bit going on in cardiology.

Sean M. Salmon
EVP, President of Diabetes Operating Unit & EVP & President of Cardiovascular Portfolio

Yes. We've got a lot of, Geoff. And we also have the [ official ] market, renal stenting. So little ones that
are there. The replacement headwinds within tachy that I mentioned go away in the coming year, which
is good. And of course, PFA is a disruptive ablation technology for -- we've got coming. The LINQ device,
LINQ II, as it expands its availability and moves into heart failure is a growth driver. TAVR will continue to
be a great growth driver for us. And then, of course, we've got the mitral and [indiscernible] franchises in
the longer-term horizon.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

I think the message, Matt -- I think the message here is whether it's FY '22 or beyond, we are really
focused on not just launching the products in the pipeline, but keeping the pipeline full and really
managing this business, balancing the short and the long term here.

And I know that morale within Medtronic is high despite all the things going on in the world, despite some
of the changes we made, and it is because of the investment we're making in our pipeline. And so that is
something we're going to keep going across the company that we're hyper-focused on that.

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. and the follow-up I had, just one of the stories around the pandemic. Obviously, we've all talked
about over the last year has been digital and sort of the leveraging of digital technology, sales and support
and patient interaction, et cetera.

So wondering if you could talk a little bit about both the way that -- if there's any additional initiatives
that worth noting like what you've done with Viz.ai and stroke, but also how we should think about the
productivity of the P&L of operations in a world where you'll be leaning more, I suppose, on digital in '22
and '23 than you were in '19 and early '20?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Yes. I mean there are 2 categories, right? How digital is impacting our -- I'll call it our offerings to our
customers and patients. And you mentioned Viz.ai, which is helping expand the stroke market and the
way we -- and our partnership with them has helped differentiate Medtronic and drive share. That's a good
example.

But I think another one that's a big one that we've talked about is remote capabilities in our implantable
business, and I'll highlight our cardiac rhythm business. Correct me if I'm wrong, Sean, even there's
remote programming, there's remote device management, there's remote patient management. And it
is really picking up. Some of this technology was there before COVID, but the uptake was slow. And then
during COVID, the timing worked out with our pipeline.

We launched some additional remote capabilities. But we're seeing things like, for example, MRI. When
patients have to go back to get -- go into the hospital and they haven't implanted cardiac device, they

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

needed an MRI, that used to be more of a manual intervention. A Medtronic field representative actually
going to the hospital to meet with the patient and make some programming changes. That now is up to
25% or more of those are done now remotely. And it was pretty -- it was low single digits prior to COVID.

So the uptake on -- that's just one example of how digital is changing workflows and providing, I think,
in this case, better patient outcomes, but in more -- a lot of efficiencies. So we're seeing the digital piece
take off, and it will provide also productivity for our company. We believe we can provide -- we've learned
how to do like medical education remotely.

Now you can't do all med ed remotely. I mean there's exchange of scientific data, and there's some ability
to train remotely. And obviously, at some point, these physicians want to get in the cadaver lab or and
things like that. And we haven't figured out how to do that remotely. But we're amazed at -- when our
backs were against the wall and you couldn't meet with physicians, how digital came to the rescue and
provided a high-quality experience. Now physicians, they are now onboard with this.

So I think that will, one, speed up adoption of new technology, which is a good thing; but two, provide
efficiencies for us.

Francesca DeMartino

Our final question comes from Danielle Antalffy at SVB Leerink.

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

I just have one question, and that's around capital deployment and how you're thinking about M&A. I
appreciate you've talked about more tuck-in type of deals. You've been pretty successful there, very
active . But I guess just digging a little bit deeper, sort of where are the areas that you see white spaces
from a technology perspective and/or where you feel like you need this scale from a technology or
geographic distribution perspective that we should be thinking about Medtronic potentially being most
active over the next, call it, 1 to 2 years?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Well, thanks for the question, Danielle. Look, the M&A, these -- I'd call them -- I won't call them bite size,
but smaller tuck-in deals where we're getting at these companies at relatively early stage, most cases,
before commercialization seems to be something that's working for us.

So we can do more of these. We add more value. And we're getting them at values that makes sense. So
we're getting good returns on these. And we're spreading our risk across a number of these deals. And
I would expect that to continue. And I think the most of the work of these tuck-ins, most of the volume
rather, will come around our existing therapies in existing markets to augment them.

And really, I look at it as an extension of our organic growth strategy because we're not buying growth
here. We're buying technology and then kind of adding to that, whether it be additional technology or
clinical science, and then making these standard of care around the world. So that's going to be the lion's
share of it.

In terms of white space, this is something we haven't signaled where we're always looking at new markets
to better position the company to optimize our portfolio for growth. When you start looking at white space
truly outside of the -- then you kind of move outside of the tuck in, and these tend to be a little larger.
And this really is something we're always looking at, if we think it's the right move to help our portfolio.
But the focus is the tuck ins.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Danielle. Geoff, please go ahead with your closing remarks.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

CEO & Chairman of the Board

Okay. All right. Well, look, thanks, everybody, for the great questions and really appreciate your support
and the continued interest in Medtronic. We hope that you'll join us again on our Q4 earnings webcast,
which we anticipate holding on May 27 where we'll update you on our quarterly progress and look ahead
to fiscal '22. I know there's a lot of questions on '22 today. So we'll get at that in our Q4 call.
So thanks for tuning in today, and please stay healthy and safe. The vaccine is on the way, and have a
great day. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

