Medtronic plc NYSE:MDT
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.80

1.02

Revenue  (mm)

7097.65

7647.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-23-2020 11:05 AM GMT

27.50

7.74

1.15

4.05

5.77

7643.48

29202.99

32282.26

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.38

0.75

0.18

0.80

1.44

0.58

0.62

1.02

SURPRISE

4.35 %

(22.67 %)

244.44 %

27.50 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Michael J. Coyle
Executive VP and Group President
of Cardiac & Vascular Group

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Sean Lennon
Chief Information Officer

ANALYSTS

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Christopher Thomas Pasquale
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kaila Paige Krum
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Presentation

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Medtronic's Fiscal Year 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Video Webcast. I'm
Ryan Weispfenning, Vice President and Head of Medtronic Investor Relations.

Before we start the prepared remarks, I'm going to share with you a few details to keep in mind about
today's webcast. Joining me are Geoff Martha, Medtronic Chief Executive Officer; and Karen Parkhill,
Medtronic Chief Financial Officer. Geoff and Karen will provide comments on the results of our second
quarter which ended on October 30, 2020. After our prepared remarks, we'll take questions from the sell-
side analysts that cover the company. Today's event should last about an hour.

Earlier this morning, we issued a press release containing our financial statements and a divisional
and geographic revenue summary. We also posted an earnings presentation that provides additional
details on our performance, which can be accessed from our earnings press release or on our website at
investorrelations.medtronic.com.

During today's webcast, many of the statements we make may be considered forward-looking statements,
and actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. Additional
information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ is contained in our periodic reports
and other filings that we make with the SEC, and we do not undertake to update any forward-looking
statement.

Unless we say otherwise, all comparisons are on a year-over-year basis and are given on an organic basis
which adjusts for foreign currency. There were no acquisitions made in the last year that had a significant
impact on our quarterly revenue growth. All references to share gains or losses are on a calendar quarter
basis unless otherwise stated. Finally, reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures can be found on
the attachment to our earnings press release or on our website at investorrelations.medtronic.com.

And with that, let's get started.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

[Presentation]

Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.

Our Q2 results were significantly stronger than Q1 and came in well ahead of our expectations. Our
recovery from the depths of the pandemic has been faster than expected, and we're now approaching
year-over-year growth. Now while we continue to monitor COVID resurgence around the globe, health
care systems are by and large better prepared and patients are more willing to seek the care they need.
Obviously, there's some near term uncertainty, but I am encouraged by the steps we've taken over the
past year to position Medtronic not only for continued recovery, but to maximize our performance over the
medium and long term.

Now building on the strength of our pipeline, we're going on the offensive and winning share in several
of our businesses. We're investing in opportunities to create and disrupt big markets, and we're seeing
the results. We're supplementing our pipeline with an increasing cadence of tuck-in M&A. And we're in
the process of implementing our new operating model and reenergizing our businesses with a competitive
focus on market share and being bold. All of this is aimed at accelerating our growth and creating value
for society and for our shareholders.

Now like last quarter, I'm going to lead off with a discussion on market share. And I'm pleased to note
that we're winning share in an increasing number of our businesses, our pipeline is coming to fruition and
we're benefiting from recent product approvals across the company. Since last quarter, we've received

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

50 product approvals, bringing our total to over 180 regulatory approvals in the U.S., Europe, Japan and
China since the start of the calendar year.

We're also benefiting from the actions we took earlier this year to partner with our customers through
the pandemic. We've helped our customers in areas such as environmental safety, hospital productivity,
patient engagement and remote monitoring and support. And these partnerships are leading to increased
market share in a number of accounts.

In Cardiac Rhythm, we're notably outperforming the competition. We estimate we've gained nearly
2 points of share year-over-year. Our pacemaker product line grew 6% globally as our Micro leadless
pacemaker family continued to perform extremely well, growing 75% globally and 84% in the U.S. Micro
is now annualizing at approximately $350 million. We also continue to see the benefit of our recently
launched Cobalt and Crome high-power devices with BlueSync distance programming and a patient app for
remote monitoring. These are both important features in the current environment.

Our CareLink remote monitoring adoption is up 10% globally. And transmissions on our unique CareLink
Express system, which enables unattended in-clinic follow-ups, increased 40% quarter-over-quarter. Our
CRT-D product line grew 4%, driven by the Cobalt and Crome launch and our improving replacement
cycle.

In addition, we're continuing to see strong adoption of our TYRX antibacterial envelopes, especially
important during a pandemic, where there's a renewed emphasis on avoiding infections of any kind. TYRX
revenue more than doubled, and it is utilized in over half of our U.S. CRM implants.

In cardiac diagnostics, we estimate we gained modest share year-over-year as the launch of our LINQ II is
offsetting Boston Scientific's entry into the market.

In drug coated balloons, we grew in the high single digits and gained share both year-over-year and
sequentially. We're seeing strong adoption of our IN PACT AV DCB, driven in part by its pivotal data that
was published earlier this fall in the New England Journal of Medicine.

In Surgical innovations, we held share year-over-year, and our share is up nearly 1 point versus the prior
quarter, driven by strong gains in Advanced Energy. We're earning share with superior products like our
LigaSure exact dissector and our Sonicision curved jaw ultrasonic dissector. We're also winning back share
from reprocessors.

In Advanced Stapling, our share was down year-over-year with difficult comps given J&J's recall in the
prior year. However, we did gain share sequentially on the strength of our Tri-Staple technology.

In our Restorative therapies Group, we're beginning to see important share gain from recent product
launches. Starting with Pelvic Health, we estimate we regained 8 points of share in the U.S. and 2 points
in Europe sequentially from Axonics. This is the result of our very successful launches of our InterStim
Micro rechargeable device and our SureScan MRI leads.

We're quickly recapturing share in the rechargeable space with Micro as we get on contract in more and
more accounts. From our FDA approval in August to the end of October, we believe our share of the U.S.
rechargeable market has gone from 0 to over 50% in just three months. And we continue to see high
trialing rates at 125% of pre-COVID levels, driven in part by our basic evaluation lead, which is a strong
leading indicator of future growth.

In Pain Stim, we continue to see strong momentum as the markets adopt our DTM therapy on our Intellis
platform. While we're facing headwinds in replacements, given where we are in our cycle, we estimate
that we gained new implant share in the U.S. Also, our new SCS implants in the U.S. grew in the high
single digits in the quarter, and we saw strong trialing increases year-over-year, a leading indicator of
future growth in this business. Importantly, we're seeing the majority of our new implant and trialing
growth coming from competitive accounts as we win share from competitors. This is all being driven by
the strength of our DTM data, which showed superiority over conventional stim at 3 months, but we've
strengthened this evidence last month when we showed DTM superiority that is sustained at 12 months.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

In Brain Modulation, we're building momentum with our Percept PC device, the first and only DBS system
that can sense brain signals. Now we launched Percept in the U.S. This past quarter. While our U.S. share
was down year-over-year, Percept drove increasing new implant share gains each month as we went
through the quarter, returning Brain Modulation to growth.

In ENT, we gained share both sequentially and year-over-year. We launched several new products in the
quarter, including our next-gen nerve monitoring program, NIM VITAL; our PTI system for parathyroid
detection; and StealthStation FlexENT, our new nav system to support outpatient ENT procedures. And
going forward, we expect these launches to continue to drive share gains and market growth.

In Neurovascular, we had a good quarter in aspiration, coils and access, resulting in overall growth for our
Neurovascular business. While we had share loss in flow diversion due to new entrants in the U.S. market,
we estimate that our share in neurovascular increased overall as we won share from both Penumbra and
Terumo.

Now turning to the businesses where we are holding share, we estimate that our procedure share was
steady in both drug-eluting stents and TAVR on a sequential basis.

In DES, we were one of the winners in the Chinese national tender, and we'll receive volume that is being
reallocated from our multinational and local competitors whose tender bids were not accepted. While our
volume will increase significantly, this will be more than offset by significant price declines as dictated by
the tender. This will impact our business over the coming quarters. That said, we believe participating in
the Chinese stent market is a long-term strategic opportunity as our increased access to more Chinese
hospitals will provide opportunities to pull through our full product line today as well as in the future with
products like TAVR and renal denervation.

Speaking of TAVR, we held procedure share in the U.S., Europe and Japan sequentially. We expect to
be back to gaining share year-over-year in the U.S. next quarter as we anniversary our share loss from
our fiscal third quarter last year. The market is responding to our competitive messaging on our valve
hemodynamics, which is a key determinant of valve selection in low-risk patients. We're also getting
favorable customer response to our data in bicuspid patients, which make up a large portion of the low-
risk population. And we're continuing to increase our field personnel and open new accounts in the U.S.,
which we expect to lead to share gains going forward, both from Edwards as well as winning share in
Boston Scientific accounts, given their recent decision to remove their LOTUS valve from the market.

In MITG, we estimate we held share in both GI and respiratory. In respiratory, we saw strong acceleration
in ventilator sales, with our revenue increasing nearly fourfold year-over-year and growing nearly 50%
over Q1. This is driven by our ability to increase production and shift our mix to our high-acuity PB 980
ventilator to fulfill back orders and meet customer demand, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. We do
expect ventilator revenue to decline sequentially in the back half of our fiscal year, returning to more
normal levels in FY '22.

In spine, we estimate that we held share year-over-year with a slight gain in the U.S. We're seeing strong
double-digit growth in our Surface enhanced titanium interbodies that came from our acquisition of Titan
Spine last year, which is now in our organic results. In spinal robotics, while large capital equipment
purchases continue to be pressured as a result of COVID, we estimate that we sold over 1.5x the number
of robots that Globus did. We continue to grow our share in the spine robot market, which is a good
leading indicator of our future spine implant sales.

In addition, we're expanding the capabilities of our Mazor X robot. We received approval earlier this month
for our navigated interbodies as well as our Midas Rex high-speed power drills.

While we're growing and holding share in many important businesses, there are also areas in which we are
losing share and we're working to improve.

In Diabetes, we've discussed with you our plans to return this business to market growth, and we're
seeing positive early signs as we lay the groundwork to create a business that can compete and win. We
performed better-than-expected in Q2, but there is much more to do, and we're laser-focused on doing
what it takes to return to market growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

The MiniMed 780G launch is off to a great start in Europe, and we just started the limited release of the
770G in the U.S. last week. As a reminder, we plan to enable 770G users to upgrade their pump to a 780G
through a software download once we get 780G approval.

We're also pleased by the recent CMS proposal to cover all CGM devices. If finalized, it would ensure
patients transitioning into Medicare have continued coverage for their integrated CGM and will open up the
U.S. Medicare market to our closed-loop insulin pump systems as early as April.

Regarding Companion Medical, the acquisition closed in September, and we're excited to have the team
on board. Companion revenue was minimal in Q2, but we expect it to become more meaningful going
forward. We announced the integration of our CGM data into the Companion InPen app 2 weeks ago.
This will allow InPen users to have their Medtronic CGM readings in real time alongside insulin dose
information, all in one view. We were able to deliver this solution ahead of schedule in just 2 months
instead of 2 quarters, and this speaks to the strong integration work that is happening between our
Diabetes team and Companion Medical. It's also a great example of how Medtronic is operating with speed
and a sense of urgency across the company.

Now let's turn to our pipeline, which has a number of future opportunities for us to win share as well as
create and disrupt big markets. We covered this in detail with you last month at our Investor Day, so I'm
going to give the abridged version today.

Starting with CVG. We continue to make good progress on several opportunities highlighted at Investor
Day. It appears to have been missed by The Street last week, but last Monday was a huge day for the
treatment of AF. Our Arctic Front cryoballoon was the subject of a simultaneous AHA data presentation
and New England Journal of Medicine Publication that promises to redefine the role of our cryoballoon
technology, making it first-line therapy in the treatment of paroxysmal AF. We currently have CE Mark for
this indication and anticipate FDA approval in the first half of next calendar year.

Regarding our DiamondTemp cardiac ablation system, it continues to roll out in Europe, and we're
targeting a U.S. launch in the first half of next calendar year.

Also in CVG, we're enrolling pivotal trials for our Extravascular ICD, our Intrepid transcatheter mitral valve,
our PulseSelect pulsed field ablation system and our Symplicity Spyral renal denervation system.

Now Ardian represents one of our biggest opportunities to become an important therapy to treat the
millions of patients around the world who struggle with hypertension. We're aiming to complete the on-
med trial and present the data next calendar year.

In MITG, we're excited about bringing our soft-tissue robotics system to the market. We continue to
expect to file for CE Mark and U.S. IDE approval in the first calendar quarter of 2021. Although these
filings are likely to occur later in the calendar quarter as COVID is slowing some of our on-site activities.

In RTG, we're making large investments in new products for neurovascular and ENT and in enhancements
to our Mazor X spinal robotic system. We're also focused on expanding indications in spinal cord
stimulation and bringing to market our steerable lead and closed-loop system in DBS.

In Diabetes, we continue to work with the FDA on the most efficient filing strategy for the 780G. While
on the sensor front, we submitted our Zeus sensor to the FDA in October. And we've completed our
Synergy pivotal trial and will file it when we complete the manufacturing module. We continue to get great
feedback on Synergy, which is disposable, it's much easier to use and half the size of our current sensor.

These are just a few of the many innovative products in our pipeline. We expect them to be the foundation
for material future revenue growth. And we're excited to keep you updated on our progress.

I'll now have Karen take you through a discussion of our second quarter financials and our outlook. And
then I'm going to come back with some concluding remarks before we go to Q&A. Karen, over to you.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Thank you, Geoff. Our second quarter organic revenue of $7.6 billion declined 1.5% and adjusted EPS
of $1.02 declined 22% from last year. However, compared to the prior quarter, our revenue increased
18%, and adjusted EPS grew by 65% as our end markets continue to recover. In fact, we continue to see
sequential revenue improvement each month. And despite the number of COVID cases rising in many of
our markets, October was better than September in all of our groups and regions, with the exception of
China, given the impact of the national tender in drug-eluting stents.

MITG led the way with its growth rate increasing by over 20 points in both Surgical Innovations and
Respiratory, GI & Renal. SI benefited from increased elective procedure volumes in Europe and the United
States, driven in part by elective procedures that were delayed from the spring and early summer. RGR's
improvement came from strong ventilator sales as well as from GI, patient monitoring and Renal care
products. Across MITG, we had growth in a number of our businesses in the second quarter, including
Advanced Energy, lung health, airways, ventilators and patient monitoring.

CVG and RTG also delivered double-digit improvements from the first quarter with increased procedure
volumes and share capture. And several businesses returned to growth from the prior year. In CVG,
we grew in pacing, CRT-Ds, TYRX, aortic and drug-coated balloons. And in RTG, we grew in DBS,
neurovascular, Pelvic Health and China orthopedics.

On the P&L, while we continue to see the expected deleveraging year-over-year, the recovery in our
business is evident in the sequential improvement in our adjusted margins, over 300 basis points in our
gross margin and nearly 600 basis points in our operating margin. Our better-than-expected revenue
flowed through to the bottom line, resulting in EPS well ahead of expectations.

Turning to our balance sheet. Our financial position remained strong. In the quarter, we completed another
euro debt offering, EUR 6.25 billion, and used the proceeds to reduce our U.S. dollar debt and prefund our
March euro debt maturities, driving roughly $80 million of additional annualized savings. This is our third
euro transaction in the past 1.5 years. Combined, we have issued over $18 billion, and our portfolio now
sits with a weighted average maturity of over 12 years and a weighted average coupon of less than 2%,
among the lowest of the large-cap issuers and the lowest among our competitors in med tech.

As I shared with you at our Investor Day last month, we remain focused on investing, both organically
and inorganically through tuck-in acquisitions and minority investments to drive our long-term growth
strategies. Last month, we announced the acquisition of AI Biomed to expand our ENT portfolio. In
addition, we closed our acquisition of Avenu Medical in peripheral vascular earlier this month. And we
announced the completion of our Medicrea acquisition in spine last week.

We expect both our organic and inorganic investments to fuel a longer-term revenue growth acceleration,
ultimately creating strong returns for our shareholders, supplemented by our strong and growing dividend.
We are an S&P Dividend Aristocrat, having increased our dividend for 43 years. And our current yield of
2.1% places us in the upper quintile of S&P 500 health care companies.

Now turning to our outlook. Particularly with the rising cases of COVID around the world, the impact to our
business remains difficult to predict, so we will continue to not provide our typical guidance. That said, I
do want to give you a sense of the recovery ahead. While it is still early in our third quarter, we've seen
our average weekly sales track ahead of the same weeks in the second quarter. So while there are pockets
of more restrictions and delayed procedures around the globe, the impact to us has thus far been limited.

As we've said before, hospitals are better equipped now to handle COVID patients and remain open to
serve non-COVID patients. And over time and with education, patient fear is not as heightened as it was
last spring and early summer. While there is still uncertainty ahead, if the recovery trend continues as it
has to date, our third quarter revenue could be flat to slightly up year-over-year on an organic basis. And
we would continue to expect to return to normal organic revenue growth on a 2-year stacked basis by our
fiscal fourth quarter.

By group next quarter, MITG growth could be in the low single digits, a little lower than the second quarter
given the benefit we had from strong ventilator sales. RTG and Diabetes should deliver improvements from

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

the second quarter with a decline in the low single digits. And CVG should be roughly flat as we continue
to recover and take share.

On the P&L, while we are continuing to invest in our product pipeline and launches during the pandemic,
we still expect sequential operating leverage as we recover. For both our gross and operating margins, we
would expect a couple of points of improvement in the third quarter versus the second. And we continue
to expect to return to more normal operating margins in the fourth quarter.

Regarding currency, assuming rates hold constant, the tailwind on revenue in the third quarter should be
similar to the second, and the full year benefit could be roughly $150 million. On the bottom line, we'd
expect a $0.04 headwind per quarter for the remainder of the year.

As I wrap up, while the pandemic could impact our outlook, our ability to continue to invest in our pipeline,
develop our markets and execute on product launches will allow us to outpace our markets. I'm proud of
the hard work from our employees this year, and I'm excited about the impact we are having on millions
of patients' lives around the world. With our competitive spirit and focus on being bold, we will be at the
forefront of the recovery.

Back to you, Geoff.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you, Karen. Now to wrap up. I hope you're seeing the strong execution that our
organization's delivering. I want to take a moment to thank our employees across the globe for the great
performance they have collectively produced this quarter.

To sum up the second quarter, we're improving our growth, advancing our pipeline and winning share.
And we're doing all of this while operating in the midst of a global pandemic and while we make bold and
comprehensive changes to our operating model.

And one last note regarding our operating model. We're making solid progress on decentralizing and
delayering our businesses. We're empowering our 20 operating units, gaining greater visibility into our
end markets, upping our competitive game and holding our business leaders more accountable. We're
leveraging the strengths of our enterprise by centralizing manufacturing and certain core technology
development. We've increased our focus on allocating capital to our best opportunities, and we're
supplementing this with an increased cadence of tuck-in acquisitions. And we're enhancing the culture
of this company by increasing our competitiveness and being bold, adding these on top of all the great
attributes of our mission-driven culture. We expect this to lead to more innovation, accelerate our growth
and unlock a lot of value for our shareholders.
So with that, let's now move to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Please also be advised that this Q&A session is being recorded. For today's
session, Geoff Martha and Karen Parkhill are joined by Mike Coyle, EVP and President of the Cardiovascular
portfolio; Bob White, EVP and President of the Medical-Surgical portfolio; Brett Wall, EVP and President of
the Neuroscience portfolio; and Sean Salmon, EVP and President of the Diabetes operating unit.

I'll now turn it over to the moderator, Ryan Weispfenning. Please go ahead.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you. Let's first go to the line of Bob Hopkins from BofA Securities. Bob?

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. So the first question I'd love you guys to comment on is some of the geographic results you showed
in the quarter because I found the breakdown really interesting. Specifically, I'd love to hear your thoughts
on -- it looks like Europe was up in the quarter, China was down in the quarter. Maybe comment on some
of the trends that are driving those results in Europe and China.

And specifically, on the China tender, was that worse than you thought in terms of the final outcome
there? And was that tender contemplated when you gave the long-term guidance that you provided at the
Analyst Day?

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thank you, Bob, for that question. We were pleased with the geographic results that we saw. You're
right, Europe was up and certain parts of Asia were up. China was down, but that was really due to
the national tender. Absent the impact of the national tender, China would have been in strong growth
territory.

And on the tender, it was really close to what we expected. We -- it was hard to predict, but we were
pleased to be one of the 5 finalists in the tender. So we expect to be gaining share -- or gaining share in
volume as a result of that.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Yes just, Bob, on the tender. I'd say, I think it is -- in the -- over the next couple of quarters, it's going
to be a headwind because we're going to have a lot of volume increase here, a matter of fact that -- but
it's going to be offset by the price decrease. And so -- but we view it as strategic over time because this
is going to be the tip of the spear, if you will, for more aggressively taking our commercial organization
into the lower-tier cities, the rural cities in China, Tier 2, Tier 3. And it will also help us pull through other
products around coronary today, plus in the future, with TAVR and renal denervation.

So not happy about the short-term impact. I think long term, this is, like I said, is strategic. And we'll see
the volume. The Chinese government has been reaching out to us and working with us to make sure we're
prepared because they're expecting us to have a pretty dramatic increase in volume here. So we'll see
how this plays out, but we do think that over the next couple of quarters, it's more of a headwind than a
tailwind.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Okay. And then just really quickly for Karen. Your comments on current trends, I appreciated those. I just
wanted to be clear. So are you saying that what you're seeing so far this quarter is not worse than what
you saw in October in terms of year-over-year growth?

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

That's correct, Bob. What we've seen in the first couple of weeks in November is higher than what we saw
in the similar weeks in the second quarter. That said, the first few weeks of a quarter don't necessarily
make a trend. So we'll be closely watching any impact from the COVID surge. I would say that if these
trends continue and there's only limited impact from the COVID surge, we do expect our revenue could be
flat to slightly up in the third quarter.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Let's next go to the line of David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just 2 quick ones for me. I'll start with Karen. So Karen, the revenue numbers in the quarter and the
forward momentum is very impressive. Did -- the drop-through on margins, Karen, in the second quarter
was actually weaker than the first quarter. So wondering if you could just talk about where are those
investments going? How should we think about drop-through into the back half of the year? And where are
we on the cost plan? And then I have a quick follow-up.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for that question, David. Clearly, we have been focused on investing for the long term through
this pandemic. And as a result, our margins are a little bit more depressed than normal. We have said that
we expect to be back to more normal margins in the fourth quarter all along, and we continue to expect
that.

In terms of the drop-through of the additional revenue, we did have some period expensing on the
manufacturing front as well. Similar to last quarter, we expect that to not be a headwind next quarter.
And we continue to invest below the gross margin line, particularly as we're focused on driving the right
commercial launches of some of our new products. And so we're focused on investing appropriately and
ultimately getting our margins back to normal by the fiscal fourth quarter.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay, very helpful. And then, Geoff, maybe for you. I mean, there's been $1.6 billion of balance sheet
deployment over the relatively near term. Over the next 6 to 12 months, should we expect a similar
cadence of deals? Should we expect sort of higher or lower?

And then if -- Karen, if there's any sort of quantification across that $1.6 billion in terms of what the
revenue impact could be here over the next 6 months or so, that would be super helpful.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Yes, David, on the M&A, it's -- obviously, it's hard to predict, right? I mean -- but I would suspect a similar
cadence of these tuck-in type of deals. Again, it is hard to predict. But it is, like I said, part of our strategy.
It's something that we're looking to do to augment our R&D.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Yes. And David, in terms of the revenue contribution, much of what we bought this year are really early
stage tuck-ins. And it goes along the lines of grow what we buy, don't buy growth. So these acquisitions
are really expected to be larger contributors to revenue in the years ahead. The combined expected
revenue contribution for the rest of this fiscal year is small. And we'll obviously evaluate. Whenever
revenue from an acquisition becomes meaningful to a business, we will certainly adjust it from our organic
results until we anniversary that.

So the one that we may end up adjusting for starting in next quarter is Companion Medical because it
could be impactful to the Diabetes business alone, but certainly not to the total company.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Let's next go to the line of Robbie Marcus at JPMorgan

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on a nice quarter. I was looking at Diabetes, which to me is one of the businesses that could
have the most upside potential if your turnaround plan works out. I was hoping you could walk us through
maybe the next 6 to 12 months in terms of new product cadence, how that should impact numbers.

And also, I know you'd been deferring pump sales for a long time waiting for 780G in the upgrade
program. How do we expect that to play out into numbers over the next 12, 18 months, when 780G hits
the U.S.?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Sure. Robbie, I will turn that one over to Sean with one edit: Not if it happens, but when the turnaround
happens. So Sean will talk to that.

Sean Lennon
Chief Information Officer

Great. Thanks for the question, Robbie. So over the next 6 to 12 months, really, the focus is going to be
on rolling out the new pump platforms. We are off to a really, really good start for the European launch of
the 780G. So we're in, I think, now 12 countries. We'll continue to roll those out as time goes on here.

And the 770G, as Geoff said, just started its initial launch in the U.S. We've had really strong demand for
that as we've got a number of these upgrade pathways in place. So the pathway upgrade from an existing
670G as well as a next-tech pathway to get people to come into the new pumps. We've seen an increase
in the proportion of patients as new starts in the U.S. as compared to just replacements of in-warranty
patients coming out of the warranty.

And of course, Companion Medical is going to be a big focus. We've got now the integration with our CGM
in real time, which is a big deal. As we improve the sensor experience, that's going to get to be even more
of a big deal. But more importantly, we've now trained up and have the entire sales force with this in their
bag now in the U.S. as opposed to just the small sales force that came with the Companion acquisition.

So I think in the near term, those are the priorities. But you roll that forward into what's next? Obviously,
the 780G launch in the U.S. is a big deal. The Zeus sensor globally would be a really important driver for
us.

And then a smaller product, but an important one, we just started a limited launch in Finland. It's for a 7-
day infusion set. So this allows you to wear this infusion set for almost twice as long as what is normally
required. And that product will arrive at the U.S. We've just locked the database on that, so we should
expect that to be part of the mix going forward.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Of course, all of this flows. So you have the hardware out there. It's upgradable by software to 70, 80 and
beyond. You've got the compatibility designed in for the sensor pipeline as well as extended-wear infusion
set. So I think we're setting up for really a nice cadence of products, and that will drive us into growth.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And maybe just a quick follow-up. Karen, there's a lot of nuance as we look out to fiscal '22, which is
where I think a lot of The Street is focused in terms of valuation. So anything you could sit here today? I
know it's impossible to call the recovery trend when vaccines hit. But anything that you see in models that
stand out that you want to point people to as they think about modeling into fiscal '22, whether it's on the
top line or the expense cadence?

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks for that question, Robbie. It's early. Obviously, we're still 5 months away from starting our fiscal
'22. And we're really working on our plans right now. Plus, the pandemic makes it a little more difficult to
forecast. So I would say we'll wait to give more color or guidance on FY '22, likely as we normally do on
our fourth quarter earnings call. But clearly, you can expect that our growth should be higher than normal
next fiscal year off of the depressed base and because we continue to launch our pipeline of products.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Let's next go to the line of Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Can you hear me?

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

We can.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Excellent. So I guess I had 2 quick questions, 1 financial and 1 on, I guess, Diabetes.

On, I guess, the financial part. When we're looking at this year-on-year organic growth, could you perhaps
quantify what the impact from the move to consignment sales, the move -- the shift away from bulk order
was in the quarter? Because it looks like ex those impacts, perhaps organic year-on-year was in the low
singles territory, in positive territory. I just want to make sure my math is correct.

And I think I heard you say, Karen, Q-on-Q, you expect margins to be up a couple of hundred basis points.
I mean, if revenues are almost flat or up in 3Q, perhaps talk about any margin headwinds for 3Q.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Vijay. Let me start with the conversation on bulks. We mentioned last quarter that the vast majority
of the bulking impact was behind us, but there are still pockets in certain businesses where we continue to
look at odd year-over-year comparisons because of bulks. I would say biologics and spine is one of those
areas, TAVR is another. But if you look at the total company, the impact from bulks is largely behind us.

In terms of the quarter-over-quarter margins, we said that we expect both gross and operating margins
to be up a couple of points sequentially from the second quarter. And so if you look at the Street models,
particularly on gross margin, it could be a little higher than what The Street currently has.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Is that answering your question?

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes, it did. And I guess on -- because I guess, I was confused on the TAVR commentary on share, market
share being stable sequentially. And if you look at your closest peer, they were up mid-singles and you
guys were minus 6%. So I just want to make sure how you get to the sequential stable share math.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Yes. Vijay, I know and I understand it's a little difficult to track. But why don't we have Mike Coyle walk us
through that math there?

Michael J. Coyle
Executive VP and Group President of Cardiac & Vascular Group

Thanks for the question, Vijay. So we would estimate that the overall TAVR market for the quarter was,
on a constant currency basis, up around 2%. And as you just noted, our reported numbers on a revenue
basis year-over-year are down about 6%. But when you basically consider the U.S. market dynamic of
the deloading activity that we -- that's been taking place, where essentially we have shifted away from
doing bulk purchasing and have actually moved customers onto consignment who essentially want to hold
inventories.

If you look year-over-year, our hospital-held inventories of TAVR product are probably down around $25
million. So that, basically, when you correct for that in terms of just the year-over-year comparisons,
we're essentially flat in terms of our global sort of TAVR market. So that's the difference between sort of
the year-over-year versus the quarterly comparisons.

As we look in the quarter sequentially from last quarter, we essentially held market share in the United
States. On a year-over-year basis, our case volumes were essentially flat with the prior year, which was
a marked improvement over what we saw during Q1. And so as we look forward, we're very confident
about our ability to take share for a number of reasons. Obviously, the most important of those being the
recent announcements from Boston Scientific here late in the quarter, the decision to essentially remove
LOTUS from the marketplace. And in addition, from the TCT meeting, the Scope 2 data that basically had
the ACURATE neo product failing, it's non-inferiority endpoint on a head-to-head trial versus Evolut R.
So that gives us really, I think, an opportunity to take share that they have had, where we have been
disproportionately hit here over prior quarters.

And of course, just going forward, the hemodynamic benefits of the product really are encouraging in
terms of how the customers are receiving that. We had another great TCT meeting here in terms of new
data flow supporting the benefits of hemodynamics from lower pacemaker rates. The [ SURTAVI ] data
was very encouraging in terms of direct comparisons of balloon-expandable to self-expanding valves. And
we continue to roll out our cusp overlap technique for lower pacemaker rate.

So all of that, we think, is going to be very helpful for us to continue to take sequential share.

Now the third quarter a year ago, we saw a pretty big dip in share that we've been sort of clawing back.
And so you're going to see it in the overall year-over-year numbers once we have anniversaried that
Q3 event. And of course, as we get into Q4, we have normalized prior year comparisons for the hospital
inventory adjustments that I just talked about. So by the time we get to Q4, we think we look very similar,
whether we're looking quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year, in terms of share dynamics.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's helpful, Mike. And Geoff, one quick one for you on Diabetes. I think you spoke about share gains.
Are you seeing anything on, one, you look at the 3Q guidance, down low singles implies an improvement
over 2Q. What's driving that?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

And are you seeing anything on the pump market side? We're hearing some chat about customers
delaying pump upgrades, waiting for the Tidepool algorithm to come -- waiting for the Tidepool
algorithms. So perhaps talk about the diabetes pump market.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Sure. Vijay, I'll have Sean. Why don't you jump in on that one?

Sean Lennon
Chief Information Officer

Yes. So Vijay, I think that there's probably a smaller proportion of the market that is waiting for Tidepool
to become available. Really, I think the capabilities that algorithm are really not anything advantaged over
what -- that we have in the pipeline and certainly what's available currently in the market. So I think the
idea that this would run a base pump and you can kind of pick your components is appealing to some. And
to others, quite frankly, having to chase 2 or 3 companies around in order to kind of get your questions
answered, track down what your challenges may be, is just not the kind of experience that a lot of people
are looking for. And they kind of want a one-stop shop where they can get everything they need and all
their questions answered in a single place. And that's, of course, an advantage that will accrue to us as we
get our pipeline of products out there.

But I'd say it's really much -- it's more of a niche opportunity and really not a big focus. I don't see a lot of
people waiting for it.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Let's next go to the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Can you hear me, Ryan?

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

We can, yes.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. All right, great. One for Karen, one for Geoff. So Karen, you talked about operating margins
returning to normalized levels in Q4. How do you define that? Is that the 30% we saw in fiscal Q3 2019?
Or should we be thinking about 29% for fiscal -- the full year fiscal 2019?

And any comments on consensus EPS for Q3 and Q4 based on the commentary you've given this -- on this
call. And I have one follow-up for Geoff.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thanks, Larry, for the questions. In terms of normal operating margins in Q4, we're thinking about
that pre-COVID for the full year, so roughly around the 29% level.

And then in terms of consensus, we clearly talked about revenue in the third quarter, if trends continue
and there's limited impact to COVID, being around the flat to slightly up, which is higher than where
consensus currently is. And that would flow through down to margins, as we've discussed, approximately
200 bps sequentially higher from the second quarter and so flow through to the bottom line. So that's
what I would say on the Q3 consensus.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

On Q4, because we've said all along that we expect to be back to more normal growth on a 2-year stack
basis and more normal margins. Consensus is roughly right there already.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Perfect. And Geoff, on China, I heard your comments on the drug-eluting stent tender and the pricing
there. China is an important market for you, roughly 5% of revenues, I believe. How concerned are
you that what happened with drug-eluting stents could spill over to other areas of your business? How
contained do you feel that is?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Thanks, Larry, for that one. Yes, China is a strategic market for us, and we are watching this tender
process closely.

Anyway, sorry here. There's a beep on the line here. I'll keep going and hopefully that will stop here.
Hopefully.

Anyway, in terms of China, we do think it's more contained for us, at least for a couple of reasons. One,
the coronary stent business is one of the few businesses at Medtronic that does have less differentiation,
I would say, in the industry. The industry itself, the products aren't as differentiated as we see in some
of our other segments. And the other dynamic that was unique here is that 80% of the drug-eluting
stent market in China was already local. So they had alternatives there. And those 2 dynamics, the
differentiation, the lower differentiation and a robust local market, that doesn't exist in most of our -- the
segments that we compete in, in China. So we do think it is -- we don't have a lot of exposure to that type
of impact from a tender going forward.

And matter of fact, this is where our diversification helps us. We've got a lot of growth levers in China.
And I do believe it is -- still remains a bigger -- a big growth opportunity despite some of these tender
headwinds.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Let's next go to the line of Matt Taylor at UBS.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Can you hear me okay?

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

We can.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Perfect. Okay. So I just wanted to ask a question about the progression of utilization. We've seen some
stronger recovery here than a lot of us might have expected with the current conditions. We've had a lot
of good news around vaccines lately. I'm just wondering conceptually as we go through next year, can you
talk about how you expect that to impact recovery?

And could we see a bolus or elevated demand after the vaccines take hold? Or do you think that we've
kind of lost some of these patients in the shuffle, and that you won't see that kind of a resurgence?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Thanks for the question, Matt. On that one, right now, like the -- we do believe, to the extent that there
is pressure from the second wave, talk or this spike, if you will, it is limited, as Karen said, both in depth
and in time. Like I mentioned, pre the vaccine, hospital CEOs, we talk to them all the time, dozens of
week. And their narrative has remained the same in that they've learned a lot of lessons on how to
safely continue with elective cases despite COVID, and they've been able to treat COVID patients more
efficiently. And they believe that, even in this spike, that they will be able to continue elective cases. We
are seeing some pressure in some areas. But like I said before and Karen mentioned earlier, we do believe
that's limited.

Now in terms of your question of once we get through, once the vaccine is out there, and it's like pretty
much an all-clear signal for patients that are considering -- that may have been holding back. I haven't
heard anybody yet talking about like a bolus of patients. I think we have worked through, by and large
-- there is a little bit of a backlog out there still, but we have worked through a lot -- in our more elective
areas, if you will. But by and large, we've worked through a lot of that. And that backlog is relatively
small. And we're starting to get back to more of a kind of steady-state run rate here.

And so given all that, I wouldn't expect a big bolus. But we could be surprised. This is -- I wish there were
a little more science around some of the numbers that we're -- but we are trying to quantify as much as
the feedback we're getting. But I haven't heard anything about a bolus of patients waiting out there for
the next year.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Let's next go to the line of Rick Wise at Stifel, Nicolaus.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I'll just ask one question. Geoff, you were very clear at the Analyst Day about your focus on accountability,
execution, innovation, the potential for improved growth and margins, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Is
it -- I guess, just 2 aspects of that is my question. Just should we attribute -- how much of the excellent
quarterly performance that we're just looking at is tied to your initiatives, your energy that you're
bringing, your new vision you're bringing to Medtronic?

And second, maybe just at a high level, just talk to us about the progress you've made, where you feel
like you are. And how you -- how we should think about the Martha plan going forward.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Thanks for the question, Rick. And it would be nice to say that the Martha plan had that big of an impact
so quickly. But I think in reality, it is the product launches. That's what's really driving the near-term
results. Like I said, the product portfolio and the pipeline, rather, is the best we've ever had. And we've
got products launching now, which we listed a lot of those. And then we've got products over the next 18
to 24 months. And the disruptive nature of those products in the next 18 to 24 months in and of itself has
created a lot of energy across the company as people can feel the near-term impact of these products.

And things like -- we mentioned in the commentary here, our ablation business, our cryoablation business,
being -- with this New England Journal of Medicine data, being now a frontline therapy for Afib. And taking
that information and that opportunity and making the most of it, that type of approach is getting people
excited. So I think right now, it's really about the product launches.

Over time though, I think the changes that we made, the decentralization, the un-nesting of these
operating units, these 20 operating units, and pushing them to be bold, to think big, be bold and maximize
their opportunity. And you know what? Don't be afraid to fail.

Or hey, I mean, like, we don't want to fail. But if you're -- if we're too conservative, we're not going
to take advantage of these massive opportunities in front of us, like Ardian, like renal denervation,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

like soft tissue robot, like the example I just gave for our ablation business. It's a -- Afib's a massive
underdiagnosed problem here, and we've got all kinds of therapies for this.

So that is creating an energy across the company that I anticipate, over time, will translate into, I'd say,
above-market growth and really expand the number of patients that we're serving.

And I'll end on this. We talk about we touch or impact the lives of 2 patients every second. And that's a
pretty amazing statistic. But when you do the math, that's like 80 million people a year. Well, there's over
7.5 billion people in the world. And so I'd like to kind of reframe that question. It's like, why are we doing
so few given the technology that we have? And really expand that patient base. And that kind of approach
is creating a lot of new thinking and energy that I think, over time, will take hold here because we've got
big plans here. And -- but what you're seeing now is good. But I think we can do better over time.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Let's next go to the line of Matt Miksic at Crédit Suisse.

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Can you hear me all right?

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Sure, we can.

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Perfect. So just a follow-up on some of the current trends commentary that you've given. We're all
watching hospitalizations, and they have increased. And I'd say it sounds like your commentary was
perhaps a little bit more optimistic and constructive despite the surge than some folks were expecting,
which is great. And the numbers were terrific here in the second quarter.

But maybe if you could talk a little bit about how you're thinking about hospitalization trends and these
conversations you're having. And maybe when and if, at what level, they do become a little bit of a
concern. Then I have one follow-up.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

I mean, basically, Matt, what we're hearing is that 2 things. And it's most of our feedback, I'd say 75% of
it, is coming from the U.S. hospitals and then the rest from Europe, I'd say.

But in the United States, in particular, the 2 things that would have to happen, again, given everything
we said about the lessons learned and the commitment to hospitals, the commitment to keep elective
cases going. The 2 things that could derail them is literally they run out of space from so many COVID
patients. And then they -- and it becomes like a real estate issue within the hospital. That would impact
obviously, elective cases. They would be deprioritized there. And in some cases, we're seeing that we're
getting closer to that level of capacity. So that's what we're watching.

And the second would be some sort of statewide mandate that could happen. It's -- in today's political
climate, I think it'd be foolish to try to predict anything. But some sort of statewide mandate could happen
as well.

So those are the 2 things. And I think the hospital CEOs and executives are more worried about the first
thing. And some of the larger systems have the luxury, that are more regional, of moving patients around,
both COVID patients and elective patients. You can move elective procedures from one hospital to the next
in some of these larger systems.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

So that's -- they're really doing their best to manage those 2 things. But that's why we're, I guess,
cautiously optimistic that the impact of this second wave will be limited. That and with the optimism of the
vaccine news is another driver here.

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's helpful. And then just to follow-up on your comment on the New England Journal article and the
presentation at AHA, the first-line therapy for paroxysmal. Can you talk about maybe how you expect that,
how investors should expect that to sort of show up in the numbers? Is it -- is there a penetration pathway
here that we can expect to hear more about over the next year or so?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

I'll maybe let Mike provide a little more details on that data.

Michael J. Coyle
Executive VP and Group President of Cardiac & Vascular Group

Sure, Matt. Currently, because no ablation therapy is approved for first-line therapy, a patient has to fail a
series of antiarrhythmic drugs before they become eligible. And we'd estimate that's about a 2-year period
of time, that physicians will essentially titrate antiarrhythmic medications.

And basically, the data that we've shown in the New England Journal said less than half the patients who
actually go down that path will wind up being symptom-free. So essentially, you're taking a large portion
-- the entire diagnosed portion of patients with symptomatic atrial fibrillation, and you're delaying them 2
years from coming in and losing a lot of them to follow-up therapy. And of course, 45% of them will just
stay on the medications.

By basically showing that cryoablation will have 75% of those patients symptom-free in a year, if we can
push that into first line. We not only accelerate the curve, but obviously, a lot of patients who wound up on
antiarrhythmic will then essentially not require them because they become symptom-free with ablation.

So there's obviously a lot of education that has to take place at the referral channel level. We think these
data will be very compelling. To be able to have that take place, obviously, we need FDA approval of the
labeling indication, which as Geoff mentioned, we would expect to be in our next fiscal year. But we're
very excited about being able to outreach to that referral community with a much better solution for the
patients.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

This is like a trend that we're starting to see where our kind of definition of market development is
expanding to -- not just to the specialist physicians around the world that we're used to dealing with, but
to more -- the general practitioners, and in this case, even in just general cardiologists and to the patients
themselves. And so this is a muscle that, this kind of hybrid B2C, B2B, B2C, this kind of go to market, this
muscle of market development, we need to develop because there's other areas across the company that
we're seeing this. Obviously, Diabetes is more in this camp. And this is something that Medtronic, even --
and a lot of med tech historically, haven't done. But I do think it's a muscle we need to develop here.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Let's next go to the line of Chris Pasquale at Guggenheim.

Christopher Thomas Pasquale
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

One quick one on Diabetes and one on CVG. For Diabetes, Sean, could you just clarify the expected timing
of the 780G U.S. launch? It sounded like there might still be some uncertainty about how you go about the
filing strategy there.

Sean Lennon
Chief Information Officer

Yes, sure. So the situation we have, I think, as you probably already know, is that the FDA's division
that regulates the diabetes sector is also involved in a lot of the COVID diagnostics works. So it's really
been a resource drain on their part for medical reviewers in particular. So at their request, we're pulling
together a lot of parts to that submission, including the pediatric data and not separating that out from
just the adult data. So one submission for all patients as well as the integration of the Zeus sensor into
that package. So that's the summary of the package, how we can consolidate it down to fewer component
parts that need to be reviewed, which will add efficiency for them and time to market for us for the entire
package.

Christopher Thomas Pasquale
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. But in terms of when we should expect to have 780G available for U.S. patients, any sense for when
that could be?

Sean Lennon
Chief Information Officer

That's hard to predict, the review cycle time. We're intending to submit that in this quarter.

Christopher Thomas Pasquale
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just quickly on the Chinese tender. The impact there in the back half of the
year, you characterized the $26 million this quarter as reserve, which, to me, implies a pulling forward of
the headwind. But then you also talked about it continuing to be an issue on a go-forward basis. So how
much of the sort of annual impact of that was recognized this quarter versus still to come?

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for that question, Chris. The reserve impact from the China tender is really because we've
got product in the dealer channel, and we needed to compensate for the price that will be impacted in the
dealer channel as soon as the tender is effective. So that's what's going on there.

In terms of go-forward, obviously, the price go forward is 95% lower. And so that will continue to impact
us. But it was a bit of a larger impact now since we had to do the reserve as well as the shorter impact for
the quarter.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Let's take one more question and go to the line of Kaila Krum at Truist.

Kaila Paige Krum
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Can you guys hear me okay?

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

We can, yes.

Kaila Paige Krum

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Perfect. You guys had mentioned that you're talking to dozens of hospital CEOs every week. So I'm just
curious what you're hearing in terms of their appetite for capital spending, and particularly as they're
budgeting for calendar 2021. Just any additional color there you can add would be helpful.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Yes. So capital, it is -- obviously, the capital budgets in hospitals are pressured. But we're finding 2
things that are helping us out. One is that our capital tends to be -- is tied, for them, profitable elective
procedures like in spine. And so that helps a lot. And the other thing is providing flexible financing
options is a second one. So although there is some pressure on just general capital, when that capital is
supporting an elective procedure that is profitable and critical to the hospital's financial recovery, that's
really helping.

And so they're continuing to have these conversations with us, and we're continuing to buy capital. And
I think talking to our Spine division. The other day, they anticipate the Mazor sales to get back to normal
levels here, so which is evidence of what I just said. And the second thing that's helping is we're working
with a number of financing companies to provide various different financial -- flexible financial solutions for
the hospitals.

So those 2 things have really helped us. And although that it's -- there is some pressure, it's not like
maybe you might see with general imaging or something like that.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

I'll ask Geoff to conclude with his remarks. Geoff?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Director

Okay. And thanks, everybody, for the questions and the great engagement. And we really appreciate your
support and the continued interest in our company.

We will -- we hope that you'll join us for our Q3 earnings broadcast, which we anticipate holding on
February 23, where we'll update you on our continued quarterly progress.
So thanks for tuning in today. Stay healthy and safe. And for those in the U.S., I'd like to wish you and
your families a very happy Thanksgiving. And have a great day, everybody.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

