MetLife, Inc. NYSE:MET
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 04, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.71

2.39

Revenue  (mm)

16281.18

17087.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-04-2021 10:04 AM GMT

39.77

4.95

1.56

8.21

7.23

16678.65

66210.68

66510.88

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.51

1.52

1.66

1.71

2.03

2.20

2.30

2.39

34.44 %

44.74 %

38.55 %

39.77 %

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Eric Sacha Stephane Clurfain
Regional President of Latin
America

John Arthur Hall
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Ramy Tadros
President of U.S. Business

ANALYSTS

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to thank you for standing by, and welcome to the MetLife Third Quarter
2021 Earnings Release Conference Call.

[Operator Instructions]

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Before we get started, I would refer you to the
cautionary note about forward-looking statements in yesterday's earnings release and to risk factors
discussed in MetLife's SEC filings.

With that, I will turn the call over to John Hall, Global Head of Investor Relations. The floor is yours, sir.

John Arthur Hall
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to MetLife's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.

Before we begin, I refer you to the information on non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion
of metlife.com, in our earnings release and in our quarterly financial supplements, which you should
review.

On the call this morning are Michel Khalaf, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John McCallion, Chief
Financial Officer. Also participating in the discussions are other members of senior management.

Last night, we released the set of supplemental slides which addressed third quarter results, they are
available on our website. John McCallion will speak to those supplemental slides in his prepared remarks if
you wish to follow along.

An appendix to these slides features additional disclosures, GAAP reconciliations and other information,
which you should also review. After prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A session that will extend to the
top of the hour.

[Operator Instructions]

With that, over to Michel.

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. As I reflect on the journey MetLife has been on these past
2 years, I am more convinced than ever that we are focused on what matters most. We are a purpose-
driven company at a time when stakeholders will accept nothing less. We have the right strategy to see us
through even the most turbulent environments, and we have a strong culture of execution that gives our
shareholders confidence. All of these attributes were on display in the third quarter of 2021.

Starting with our financial results. Adjusted earnings were $2.1 billion, up 31% year-over-year. Adjusted
earnings per share were $2.39, up 38% year-over-year. Excluding total notable items in both periods,
adjusted earnings were up 24% and adjusted EPS was up 31%.

Looking at the quarterly performance of the enterprise as a whole, variable investment income was
outstanding, underlying PFOs were strong and expense disciplines held firm. The main area where we
have seen headwinds is from elevated COVID claims.

In key respects, the third quarter of 2021 looks very much like the first quarter with exceptionally strong
VII more than offsetting excess mortality.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

On the investment side, our private equity portfolio returned $1.5 billion in Q3, its highest quarterly
contribution in 2021 and the major contributor to VII, which was well above the top end of our implied
quarterly guidance range.

On underwriting in our U.S. business, the Group Life mortality ratio was elevated at 106.2% in Q3 on
higher claim severity and frequency due to a shift younger in the age distribution of COVID deaths.

Our Latin America business incurred COVID losses of $137 million in Q3. Two aspects of our underwriting
results are noteworthy. From a social perspective, paying COVID claims is precisely how life insurance
companies make a positive difference in the world. The human toll of the pandemic on families is
catastrophic but where life insurance is present, the financial burden is eased. This is our purpose to help
prepare the financial damage after life's most destabilizing moments. Pandemic to date, in our U.S. group
business, we've incurred U.S. life claims of around $2.1 billion. Life insurance is not like other businesses
where losses are just losses.

Every underwriting claim represents a beneficiary who is receiving the financial help they were promised.
From a financial perspective, even though our Life businesses have been hit with the most severe
pandemic in more than 100 years, they remain profitable. MetLife has actually paid out more in COVID-
related claims in 2021 than we did in 2020. And yet, our adjusted earnings per share are higher this year
than last year, as is our adjusted return on equity.

What has enhanced MetLife's capacity to pay outsized claims while still generating exceptional earnings
is our strategic decision to allocate a prudent portion of our investment portfolio to private equity. While
not a direct COVID offset, the valuation of our PE and VC funds with significant technology exposure has
benefited from global capital flows to this growth sector. The return on our PE portfolio in the quarter was
an outstanding 12.6% and stands at approximately 36% year-to-date. The gains on our well-seasoned
portfolio are not mere accounting marks. Year-to-date, we have received $1.9 billion in cash distributions
from RPE funds. Since 2016, the figure is $7.6 billion.

While we often reinvest the e-cash proceeds as funds mature and terminate, the cash generated is steady
and significant.

Turning to the underlying performance of MetLife's businesses, we are seeing solid momentum.

In U.S. Group Benefits, adjusted PFOs grew 13% year-over-year, excluding Versant Health, PFO growth
was 6.2% on strong jumbo sales and persistency, and we expect to end the year near the top end of our
guidance range. Involuntary benefits, which for us consists of accident and health, legal plans and pet
insurance, we saw strong double-digit PFO growth in the third quarter. The trend in sales is even stronger.
Year-to-date, sales are up 40% over the prior period, and we remain on track for a record sales year.
While group sales can fluctuate from year-to-year due to jumbo cases, we believe the robust U.S. job
market and the competition for talent are creating a strong tailwind.

In connection with open enrollment season this fall, we conducted consumer research on benefit
preferences among millennials, who are now the largest age group cohort in the U.S. with more than
70 million members. Millennials are expressing strong interest in both traditional benefits such as life
insurance and dental and involuntary benefits such as legal plans and pet insurance. Another top desire is
for help with financial planning.

MetLife entered the space in late September with a digital financial wellness tool called Upwise, which
helps us connect with employees directly. The app is designed to address the emotional barriers to
financial progress and help people tackle death, save more or even create a digital will.

Within our RIS business, after a quiet first 3 quarters, we have already booked 4 cases totaling $3.5
billion of pension risk transfer deals in the first month of the fourth quarter. Next Tuesday marks the
100th anniversary of the first group annuity contract MetLife ever wrote with the William Rodge printing
company. We are pleased to be a leader in the business of helping companies honor the retirement
promises they have made to their workers.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Last month, MetLife released the results of our annual pension risk transfer pull. We only survey
companies that want to derisk.

Of the 253 respondents, nearly 7 in 10 have pension plan assets of $500 million or more and 93% intend
to divest all of the defined benefit pension liabilities at some point in the future, up from 76% in 2019.

Elsewhere in RIS, excluding PRTs from both periods, adjusted PFOs were up 70% year-over-year. There
were 2 main drivers. The first was longevity reinsurance, a market we entered in the U.K. last year. The
second was post-retirement benefits, where we take on blocks of retiree life insurance from employers.
This is an attractive adjacency to our group business that plays to MetLife's competitive advantages.

In Latin America, we delivered exceptional sales growth in the quarter, up 45% year-over-year on a
constant currency basis. In fact, sales were higher in Q3 2021 than they were in Q3 2019 before the
COVID pandemic began.

In most markets across the region, we saw double-digit growth in both sales and PFOs.

Moving to cash and capital, MetLife ended the third quarter with $5.1 billion of cash at its holding
companies. During the quarter, we paid $400 million in common stock dividends and repurchased $1
billion worth of outstanding common shares with another 233 million repurchased so far in Q4. We have
$2.5 billion remaining on the $3 billion share repurchase authorization we announced in August.

We are on track to return more than $5.5 billion of capital to shareholders in 2021, and we continue to
strive for a balanced mix between business investment and capital return.

In 2020, for example, we returned $2.8 billion to shareholders and invested approximately $5 billion
in organic growth and M&A. Our test for capital deployment remains consistent. Does it clear our risk-
adjusted hurdle rate? As John will describe in greater detail, the new business we wrote in 2020, a period
when interest rates were at all-time lows, was the most attractive of the past 5 years. It had the shortest
payback period, the highest internal rate of return and the highest value of new business relative to the
amount of capital deployed. This was the natural outgrowth of our Accelerating Value initiative.

By optimizing our portfolio of businesses, shifting our product mix to be more capital efficient and fully
embracing an efficiency mindset, we have consistently improved VNB over time, and it is now an integral
part of our capital allocation process.

This year, in addition to organic growth, we increased the stake in our India joint venture, PNB MetLife to
47% from 32%. India is 1 of the 5 secular growth markets we identified in our Next Horizon strategy.

Consistent with that strategy, we are increasing our exposure to a market where PNB MetLife has access
to more than 200 million customers across 15,000 sales locations.

In September, we held an in-depth session with our Board of Directors to pressure test every aspect of
our Next Horizon strategy. We've done this each year of my tenure as CEO. As representatives of our
shareholders and shareholders themselves, our Board challenged us to make sure we are positioned and
on track to deliver on our goals. I believe the alignment between the Board and management is as strong
as it's ever been, and our shared commitments remain clear: Focus on deploying capital to its best use,
simplify the company to improve efficiency and the customer experience and truly differentiate ourselves
in the marketplace.

Now I'll turn it over to John for a detailed review of our quarterly performance.

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Michel, and good morning. I'll start with the 3Q '21 supplemental slides, which provide
highlights of our financial performance, details of our annual global actuarial assumption review and
updates on our value of new business metrics and our cash and capital positions.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Starting on Page 3, we provide a comparison of net income to adjusted earnings. Net income in the third
quarter was $1.5 billion or $541 million lower than adjusted earnings. Net derivative losses of $172 million
were primarily driven by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar in the quarter. In addition, our actuarial
assumption review accounted for $76 million of the variance between net income and adjusted earnings.

In total, the assumption review reduced net income by $216 million, including a notable item to adjusted
earnings of $140 million.

The table on Page 4 provides highlights of the actuarial assumption review with the breakdown of the
adjusted earnings and net income impact by business segment. We have kept our U.S. mean reversion
interest rate unchanged at 2.75% and maintain our long-term mortality assumptions despite the near-
term impacts from COVID-19.

Most of the net income impact was in MetLife Holdings and Asia. For MetLife Holdings, the primary driver
was a refinement to the variable annuity lapse rate function to better reflect policyholder behavior based
on withdrawal status.

In Asia, the largest impact was due to the lowering of the earned rate assumption in Japan, where we
assume current earned rates for our long-term rate assumption.

On Page 5, you can see the year-over-year comparison of adjusted earnings by segment, excluding
notable items in both periods. Adjusted earnings, excluding notable items, were $2.2 billion, up 24% and
up 23% on a constant currency basis, primarily driven by strong returns in our private equity portfolio.
Adjusted earnings per share, excluding notable items, was $2.56, up 31% year-over-year on both a
reported and constant currency basis, aided by capital management.

Moving to the businesses, starting with the U.S.

Group Benefits adjusted earnings were down 72% year-over-year, driven by unfavorable underwriting
margins in Group Life, which I'll discuss in more detail shortly. Regarding non-medical health, the interest
adjusted benefit ratio was 70.7% in 3Q of '21 at the low end of its annual target range of 70% to 75%
but higher than the prior year quarter of 67.4%, which benefited from extremely low dental utilization
and favorable disability incidents. Volume growth, the addition of Versant Health and favorable expense
margins were partial offsets to the decline in year-over-year results.

Group Benefits continues to have strong top line growth. Year-to-date sales were up 40%, primarily due
to higher jumbo case activity. Adjusted PFOs in the quarter were up 13% year-over-year, driven by solid
volume growth across most products, including voluntary and the addition of Versant Health.

Retirement and Income Solutions, or RIS, adjusted earnings, were up 60% year-over-year. The primary
driver was higher variable investment income, largely due to strong private equity returns. Favorable
underwriting margins and volume growth also contributed to year-over-year performance. RIS investment
spreads were 256 basis points, up 100 basis points year-over-year due to higher variable investment
income.

Spreads, excluding VII, were 93 basis points, down 5 basis points year-over-year and sequentially,
primarily due to lower paydowns in our portfolios of residential mortgage-backed securities and residential
mortgage loans. RIS liability exposures, including U.K. longevity reinsurance, increased 4% year-over-year
due to solid volume growth across the product portfolio.

With regards to pension risk transfers, as Michel noted, we have already completed $3.5 billion of
transactions in the fourth quarter and continue to see an active market.

Moving to Asia. Adjusted earnings were up 31% on both a reported and constant currency basis, primarily
due to higher variable investment income. Asia's solid volume growth also contributed to the strong
performance, driven by higher general account assets under management on an amortized cost basis,
which were up 7% on a constant currency basis. Lower accident and health utilization in the prior period
was a partial offset.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Asia sales were down 12% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, reflecting pressure from COVID-
related lockdowns in the region. Asia year-to-date sales were up 10% on a constant currency basis and
remain on target to achieve double-digit growth in 2021.

Latin America adjusted earnings were down 35% and down 38% on a constant currency basis, primarily
driven by unfavorable underwriting margins due to elevated COVID-19-related claims, mainly in Mexico.
The impact to Latin America's third quarter adjusted earnings was approximately $137 million.

While the situation remains fluid, we have seen COVID-related hospitalizations and deaths in Latin
America significantly declined in October. Favorable investment in expense margins as well as lower taxes
versus the prior year quarter were partial offsets.

While Latin America's adjusted earnings have been pressured by elevated COVID-19-related claims, sales
and persistency throughout the region remains strong. Latin America adjusted PFOs were up 22% year-
over-year on a constant currency basis, and sales were up 45% on a constant currency basis, driven by
solid growth across most markets. EMEA adjusted earnings were up 20% on both a reported and constant
currency basis primarily driven by volume growth across the region and favorable underwriting margins,
primarily in the Gulf.

We expect EMEA adjusted earnings to decline in the fourth quarter due to the timing of certain technology
investments across the region. EMEA adjusted PFOs were down 2% on a constant currency basis and sales
were down 5% on a constant currency basis, reflecting divested businesses, partially offset by growth in
Turkey and Europe.

MetLife Holdings adjusted earnings, excluding notable items in both periods, were up $271 million year-
over-year. The increase was primarily driven by strong private equity returns. Underwriting margins did
reflect higher life claims severity than expected during the third quarter of 2021. However, the Life interest
adjusted benefit ratio of 53.3% was within our annual target range of 50% to 55%.

In addition, LTC new claims returned to more normal levels in the quarter versus very low new claims
submissions in the prior year quarter.

Corporate & Other adjusted loss was $131 million in both periods. Lower tax benefits were mostly offset
by higher net investment income year-over-year. The company's effective tax rate on adjusted earnings in
the quarter was 20.6% and within our 2021 guidance range of 20% to 22%.

Now I'll provide more detail on Group Benefits mortality results on Page 6. This chart reflects our Group
Life mortality ratio for the first 3 quarters of 2021, including the COVID-19 impact on the ratio and on
Group Benefits adjusted earnings. Group Life mortality ratio is 106.2% in the third quarter of 2021, which
is well above our annual target range of 85% to 90%. COVID reported claims in 3Q of '21 were roughly
18 percentage points which reduced Group Benefits adjusted earnings by approximately $290 million.
The primary drivers were higher claim frequency and severity. Approximately 40% of U.S. COVID deaths
in the quarter were under age 65, about double the rate of the first quarter of this year and the highest
percentage in any quarter since the pandemic began and therefore, having a greater proportional impact
on the working age population.

In addition, we estimate that the quarter included roughly 1 to 2 incremental percentage points impact
on the mortality ratio from claims that appear to be COVID-related but were not specifically identified as
COVID on the death certificate.

Despite the impacts from COVID, Group Benefits remains a profitable and growing business for MetLife.
Group Benefits reported adjusted earnings of roughly $450 million year-to-date and adjusted PFO growth
of 13%.

Now let's turn to Page 7. This chart reflects our pretax variable investment income over the last 5
quarters, including approximately $1.8 billion in the third quarter. This very strong result was mostly
attributable to the private equity portfolio which had a 12.6% return in the quarter. As we have previously
discussed, the private equities are generally accounted for on a 1-quarter lag. While all private equity
asset classes performed well in the quarter, our venture capital funds, which account for roughly 23% of

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

our PE account balance of $12.8 billion. We're the strongest performer across subsectors with a roughly
18% quarterly return.

Page 8 highlights VII by segment for the first 3 quarters of 2021 including $1.4 billion post tax in the third
quarter. The attribution of VII by business is based on the quarterly returns for each segment's individual
portfolio.

As we have previously noted, RIS, MetLife Holdings and Asia generally account for 90% or more of the
total VII and are split roughly 1/3 each, although can vary from quarter-to-quarter. The VII results in the
quarter were more heavily weighted towards RIS and MetLife Holdings as Asia's private equity portfolio is
less mature and has a smaller proportion of venture capital funds I referenced earlier.

Turning to Page 9. This chart shows our direct expense ratio over the prior 5 quarters and full year 2020,
including 11.1% in the third quarter of '21. As we have highlighted previously, we believe our full year
direct expense ratio is the best way to measure performance due to fluctuations in quarterly results. Our
third quarter direct expense ratio benefited from solid top line growth and ongoing expense discipline. This
did include approximately 20 basis points from premiums that relate to participating cases and 20 basis
points from a single premium Group Life sale in RIS.

In addition, the impact from seasonal enrollment costs and timing of certain technology investments are
expected to be more heavily weighted to the fourth quarter. Therefore, we do expect the direct expense
ratio to be elevated in 4Q.

Now let's turn to Page 10. This chart reflects new business value metrics from MetLife's major segments
for the past 5 years, including an update for 2020.

Consistent with our Next Horizon strategy, we continue to have a relentless focus on deploying capital
and resources to the highest value opportunities. As evidence of that commitment, MetLife invested $3.2
billion of capital in 2020 to support new business, which was deployed at an average unlevered IRR of
approximately 17% with a payback period of 6 years.

New business written in 2020 reflects our disciplined approach to building profitable growth while creating
value, generating cash and mitigating risk.

Despite the sales challenges in 2020 associated with lockdowns related to the pandemic, we were able to
increase our value of new business and IRR while lowering our cash payback period versus 2019.

Now I'll discuss our cash and capital position on Page 11. Cash and liquid assets at the holding companies
were $5.1 billion as of September 30, which is down from $6.5 billion at June 30 but still well above our
target cash buffer of $3 billion to $4 billion. The sequential decrease in cash of the holding companies
include the net effects of share repurchases of $1 billion, payment of our common stock dividend of
roughly $400 million, subsidiary dividends as well as holding company expenses and other cash flows. In
addition, we had a long-term debt repayment of $500 million in the third quarter. Our next long-term debt
maturity is not until September 2023.

Next, I would like to provide you with an update on our capital position. For our U.S. companies,
preliminary third quarter year-to-date 2021 statutory operating earnings were approximately $4 billion,
while net income was approximately $3 billion. Statutory operating earnings increased by approximately
$1 billion year-over-year, primarily driven by higher variable investment income and lower variable annuity
right of reserves. Year-to-date 2021 net income increased by roughly $400 million as compared to the first
9 months of 2020. The primary drivers were higher operating earnings and net investment gains which
was partially offset by derivative losses.

We estimate that our total U.S. statutory adjusted capital was approximately $19.7 billion as of September
30, 2021, up 16% compared to December 31, 2020. Favorable operating earnings and net investment
gains were partially offset by derivative losses and dividends paid to the holding company. Finally, the
Japan solvency margin ratio was 960% as of June 30, which is the latest public data.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

In summary, MetLife delivered another very strong quarter, driven by exceptional private equity returns,
solid top line growth, ongoing expense discipline and the benefits of our diverse set of market-leading
businesses and capabilities. While earnings power of our group benefits in Latin America businesses has
been dampened by COVID-19 excess mortality. We are pleased with the momentum behind these market-
leading franchises. In addition, our capital, liquidity and investment portfolio remains strong and position
us for further success.
Finally, we are confident that the actions we are taking to be a simpler and more focused company will
continue to create long-term sustainable value for our customers and our shareholders. And with that, I
will turn the call back to the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question will come from the line of Ryan Krueger of KBW.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping you could provide a little bit more detail on your group nonmedical health claim trends in the
quarter. I guess, in particular, and I know disability is a bit smaller for you, but some companies have had
weaker disability results and it sounds like yours held up pretty well. So I appreciate any detail you could
provide here.

Ramy Tadros
President of U.S. Business

It's Ramy here. So on the disability front, as you noted, it's -- relative to our premium, it's about 12%
of our overall PFOs in group. And I can give you some color based on both the LTD and the STD portions
of the book. So for the LTD side, what we saw is an incidence rate this quarter that's much more in
line with our historical norms. It was higher than last year but last year was a favorable incidence here
from a disability perspective. So we're seeing it tick back to where it was historically from a frequency
perspective. And then the recoveries continue to be pretty strong. The other thing I would add there on
the LTD side is so far, we have not seen any significant impact on the business from kind of COVID or long
COVID effect, neither have we seen any material impacts from the overall economy. So it's been pretty
much a return to, call it, a pre-pandemic levels as far as the LTD book.

For the STD side, it's a bit different. So think about that 12% of disability premium, 2/3 of it is sitting in
the LTD only, 1/3 of it sits in the STD. And then for that 1/3 that's in STD, about 1/2 of those employees
are comprised of ASO-only business. So we are administering the disability claims but not on the hook for
the actual claims themselves.

So while for the STD portion, we have seen and continue to see elevated STD COVID claims. The actual
impact on the nonmedical health ratio is pretty de minimis given the composition of our book and the ASO
exposure.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Great. That was helpful. And then you've had some benefit from RMBS paydowns in RIS. How should we
think about the ongoing impact of that? Or what's left of it from here?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Ryan, it's John. Yes, obviously, RIS spreads, I think, overall, have been just a beneficiary of just the
excellent performance here in private equity portfolio. So we saw that continue in this quarter. You're
referencing, after excluding VII, that spreads have remained resilient at 93 basis points, although a 5
basis point decline from second quarter. But pretty much in line with what we set back 90 days ago. So
you're referencing that continued elevated levels of paydown activity on the residential mortgage book,
and that accelerates the income from those securities or loans that we purchased at a discount.

But as we said, we believe we've seen the peak of that. And so that 5 basis point runoff was generally
expected. We would expect that to continue into 4Q and kind of start to make its way down. And -- but I
think kind of a similar trajectory seems reasonable at this point.

Operator

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Our next question will come from the line of Erik Bass of Autonomous Research.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

So we've seen more in-force block transactions over the past quarter with sellers getting pretty attractive
multiples. And it seems like there's plenty of buyer interest in the types of liabilities you have, and now
there are some potential counterparties that have New York entities. So I'm curious if you're getting
more optimistic about finding a transaction that could potentially unlock value in portions of your MetLife
Holdings blocks?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Eric, it's John. I'd say the short answer is yes. If the question is, are we getting more optimistic? Yes. We
are seeing what you're referencing as well. I think the supplier and buyer base is continuing to remain,
I'd say, robust. And I think our team continues to work and take a third-party view and do the analytics
around our portfolio. And as we've -- I've talked about before, quite a bit of it is thinking about what are of
interest of different buyers. It differs. Not everyone is thinking the same way or have they -- buyers have
different tools for creating value. And so we have to think through that and think about our situation as
well and how we would optimize from our end. And I think there is a puzzle to put together there to think
through how to best optimize a situation like that.

As we've talked about before, we're not going to do something at any cost, but we are continuing to look
at things to optimize and accelerate the release of reserves and capital appropriately. And I think that's --
we're still on track with that.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Great. And then second, I was hoping you could give some perspective on what's going on in Chile and
the potential implications for your business. I guess, specifically, what are the different proposals that are
out there for the AFP system from the leading presidential candidates? And do you see risk of significant
change to that business following the election. And also hoping you could talk about the early annuity
payouts issues that's been covered in the press and whether that's material for you at all?

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Erik, it's Michel here. So let me give you some comments and then we'll see if Eric would want to add
anything. The pension is usually subject to public debate for a number of years now, I would say, and that
debate tends to heat up around elections. One thing I would say is that despite the general perception
to the contrary, if you think about the pension system, I mean it's functioned quite well, and the returns
have been quite good as well for the industry as a whole. The problem with the system is that due to
inconsistent contributions, the fact that you have widespread informal labor in Chile. And the contribution
rates are low. That's led to sort of low projected replacement rates at retirement.

The debate is continuing now with presidential elections, round 1 is in late November, and then you'll
have the second round in December and different candidates are taking very different views. Some are
supportive of the system, others are in favor of radical reform. So we'll have to see how that plays out.

The other thing that's happening in Chile is that there's the redrafting of the constitution that's taking
place that's going to play out next year as well. So we'll see what comes out of that. We are very much
engaged with the local authorities. We have great relationships in Chile. We're a leading player there. As
you know, we're also in collaboration with the industry, making sure that our point of view is being heard
and hopefully addressed as well. And look, we're not -- we're in favor of reform that makes sense for the
participants in the system that protects them -- their retirement. But we are also cautioning against any
measures that ultimately would do -- would damage Chile's capital markets as well as investor perceptions
of the Chilean -- Chile as an investment destination.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

So we continue to be engaged. As you know, there's been 3 rounds of withdrawals already. There's
another proposal for a fourth round of pension with roles. We see whether that gets surpassed or not.
Clearly, if it does, whereas these withdrawals don't have a material impact on earnings, the damage sort
of the viability of the system, if you like, which is something that we advocate against. And then on the
annuities front that you referenced, this -- there's been 1 withdrawal there.

Again, we don't know if there'll be another one. I think probably our view is that the likelihood of that is
not very high, but we'll have to wait and see.

All in all, our pension business is 2% of MetLife's overall earnings. But our view is that we continue to
engage, we continue to keep a close eye on the situation, and we'll have to see how this plays out over
the coming weeks and months. Anything to add, Eric?

Eric Sacha Stephane Clurfain
Regional President of Latin America

No. I think you covered it.

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

So I hope that gives you sort of -- that answers the question, Erik.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just had a question on the group business. If you can talk about what you're seeing in terms of claims
utilization, both frequency and severity in your dental book?

Ramy Tadros
President of U.S. Business

Sure, Jimmy. It's Ramy here. I would say the dental story is very much a return to pre-pandemic
utilization. So if you look at the quarter-over-quarter results, 2020 was exceptionally low in terms of
dental utilization. We've seen that come back to normal levels. Q3 tends to be seasonally lower. So Q4
tends to kind of slightly tick up typically in terms of the dental business. So very much kind of a return to
normal. And I would say if you look at the overall ratio, our nonmedical health ratio. And our expectation
right now is that for the full year, we're going to get a ratio that's very close to the midpoint of our range.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then on the accounting changes, can you talk about where you are internally on sort of the
process of figuring out what the impact will be on MetLife? And then relatedly, when do you think you'll
start quantifying the impact and sharing it with the investment community?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Jimmy, it's John. We are well underway on our implementation work, progress continues. And I'd say,
continue to be on target for implementation come 11/23. We're going to -- we're in the process of
evaluating transition amounts and ongoing impacts of the new guidance. And I'd say our plan is still intact,
which would be kind of a mid-2022 time frame, give or take, for disclosing and kind of sharing how to
think about the transition and the insights you should draw upon this.

Again, I'd remind everyone that ultimately economics, cash flow, pricing of product does not change. And
I think we're working well with the industry to think through how we collectively transition ourselves and

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

kind of explain the results. And I think that's going well. So at this point, I'd say nothing has caused us to
feel the need to change the time line.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And have you had conversations with the rating agencies on how they would view, obviously, they focus
on cash flows and stat as well but they do look at cap also. But do you think there will be changes because
a lot of your GAAP ratios would obviously end up changing once the rules are implemented.

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We've had periodic discussions with them over time. I think the rating agencies get it, and not
everything is changing. So when you say ratios, not all ratios are changing. I mean our group business
ratios won't change. So I think it's not all businesses. It's not all products. And I think it's -- there will
be certain unique circumstances that will arise in certain books. But in general, I think my assessment is
that -- they have a very balanced methodical way of thinking about it, and they recognize the fact that
economics, cash flow and pricing of products is not changing.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a follow-up on Erik's question on risk transfer. Would you say is -- are variable annuities the priority
or you're looking broader that might include life insurance and fixed annuities? And just a related question,
does your New York domicile limit the types of counterparties that you might transact with? Or would you
say it's still a pretty robust list as you're thinking about things that would be in a potential auction bidding
situation?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Tom. I would say the answer to the first question would be we're open to all blocks of business that create
value for us. So I think a lot of different aspects go into value creation when it comes to that question. So
I don't think it's 1 focus there or another. I'd say probably the only 1 that I could probably scope out or
say, is less likely as LTC just given where our spreads are at these days. But I'd say markets are evolving
on all the other ones. And then you have to look at your own kind of situation to think about the benefits
we get from having them in our New York domiciled entity. And so that's how we would kind of frame it.

I wouldn't exclude anything outside of, let's say, LTC just given where I think pricing is, there's a pretty big
divergence in what people think at this point. On the other aspect of counterparty, I would say we come
at it probably the same way that our New York domiciles -- partners would come at it as well. So I don't
know if it changes who or how we would do a transaction, I think we probably take somewhat of a similar
construct because at the end of the day, our situation would be a reinsurance transaction from the New
York domiciled entity and so credit risk would matter. And so structure can help with that as well. But I
don't think it excludes anything per se, but that would be a strong consideration.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then just 1 quick one. Long-term care claims, you said, returned to more normal levels
this quarter. Was that on both claim frequency and severity? And the reason I ask is, there's clearly, from
what we've heard from others has been a shift away from facility care to home -- health care, which has
lowered severity. I'm just curious if you have that level of detail for how that's trending right now?

John Dennis McCallion

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. Good question, Tom, because you're right. It had shifted. I mean, quite honestly, every metric
has shifted back to prepandemic levels. I mean maybe we're off slightly on the relationship of in-home
versus kind of external care, but it's very close. It's much -- it's very close to being prepandemic.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Humphrey Lee of Dowling Partners.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Related to EMEA, you talked about there are some favorable items in the quarter and expect fourth
quarter to trend down along with some of the high expenses. Is there any way to help us think about what
would be the kind of the run rate earnings for EMEA?

Ramy Tadros
President of U.S. Business

Yes, Humphrey. So yes, we had a very strong Q3, I'd say, a number of items went in 1 direction that
caused us to have a very strong result in Q3. As we think about quantification of that, you could put it in
the area of, call it, $20 million, $25 million, give or take. And then as I said on -- in my prepared remarks,
we'd expect some elevated technology investments in the fourth quarter. So I'll give you some data points
from this unless I give you anything outside of that, but that probably should help you kind of frame for
your modeling.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Got it.

And then in terms of the overall kind of expenses for the company, is the 12.3% for the full year still an
appropriate way to think about the expenses for 2021?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I would say we continue to focus on the full year. That's our target. To be under 12.3% full year.
Obviously, we've been running well below that. I mentioned that we would expect to have elevated
expenses in the fourth quarter. Quite honestly, it's not much different than the trend you saw a year ago
in terms of how things transpired for most of the year and then we saw an uptick. And so if we're above
12.3% in the fourth quarter by a bit, that would not be a surprise per se, but that's not our focus. So I'm
just using that as an example when you talk about the 12.3%. What's important to us is the 12.3% for
the full year. And so that's kind of our mindset when we think about our expense ratio, and we continue to
anticipate to be under that on a full year basis.

Operator

And our next question will come from the line of John Barnidge of Piper Sandler.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Increased COVID impact on the Group Life business, is there a need to increase administrative expenses
to deal within during nature of the pandemic at all?

Ramy Tadros
President of U.S. Business

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

John, it's Ramy here. The expense ratio on the Life business is pretty small. So the real issue is not
operations or expenses, the real issue and the challenge you're seeing is just the claims front. So it's not
really an expense issue at all at this point.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then would it be fair to say if the seasonal increase in the direct expense ratio overall,
obviously, above 12.3% seems fair to come in well below 12% for the year. Would there be a reevaluation
of it longer term?

Ramy Tadros
President of U.S. Business

John, it's Ramy again here. I just want to maybe also further clarify. I wasn't sure with the intent of your
question. With respect to what's going to change and what is changing on the Life side is pricing. So we
did talk about this in the last quarter we have, and we continue to make rate adjustments in the Group
Life business in line with our prospective view of the pandemic. So it's not operations related, it's related
to the underwriting and the mortality. And as you look at the upcoming renewal season, we have been
able to achieve rate adjustments and rate increases in line with our prospective view of mortality while
maintaining pretty strong persistency in our book.

So -- and that's going to be an ongoing process that we're undertaking. So that's kind of what's changing,
if you will, with respect to the Group Life piece.

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And then I can take the second question you had, John. This is John as well. Yes, look, our target is
12.3%. You said is it possible? Sure, anything is possible, I guess. But ultimately, we are kind of steadfast
on being at or below 12.3%. Again, what we also are trying to do is shift the mix of expenses that are
within our expense base and continue to drive savings and capacity for reinvestment. So we want to
maintain being at or below 12.3% on a persistent basis every year. But at the same time, we want to
continue to drive efficiencies that free up the allocation of resources to invest in the customer, invest in
our processes and to continue to drive growth for the firm.

And so -- and at the same time, if we see headwinds in an economy, we can use that capacity as a
protection for profit margins. So that's kind of our philosophy when it comes to our efficiency mindset, and
I'd say nothing would kind of take us off that track at this point.

Operator

There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to
our CEO, Michel Khalaf for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Great. Thank you, operator. While the third quarter had outsized PE returns and COVID claims, we believe
the underlying performance of our business demonstrates the enduring strength and growth potential of
the MetLife Global Insurance franchise.

Although the pandemic continues to create uncertainty, I am confident in our ability to continue to execute
and create long-term value for shareholders. Have a great day.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today.
On behalf of today's panel, we'd like to thank you for your participation in today's earnings call, and thank
you for using our service. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Copyright © 2022 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

