MetLife, Inc. NYSE:MET
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.58

1.73

Revenue  (mm)

16000.92

16508.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-05-2020 10:52 AM GMT

9.49

3.17

1.51

5.53

6.06

15806.00

61724.71

67886.48

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.38

1.44

0.91

1.58

1.98

1.58

0.83

1.73

43.48 %

9.72 %

(8.79 %)

9.49 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John Arthur Hall
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Kishore Ponnavolu
Executive VP & Regional President
of Asia Region

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Oscar A. Schmidt
Board Chairman

Nigel Phillip Dally
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S.
Business

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Jeffrey Goulart
Executive VP & Chief Investment
Officer

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

ANALYSTS

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the MetLife Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

Before we get started, I refer you to the cautionary note about forward-looking statements in yesterday's
earnings release and to risk factors discussed in MetLife's SEC filings.

With that, I will turn the call over to John Hall, Global Head of Investor Relations.

John Arthur Hall
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for MetLife's Third Quarter
2020 Earnings call.

Before we begin, I refer you to the information on non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion
of metlife.com, in our earnings release and in our quarterly financial supplements, which you should
review.

On the call this morning are Michel Khalaf, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John McCallion, Chief
Financial Officer. Also participating in the discussions are other members of senior management.

Last night, we released a set of supplemental slides. They are available on our website. John McCallion will
speak to those supplemental slides in his prepared remarks, if you wish to follow along. An appendix to
these slides features disclosures and GAAP reconciliations, which you should also review.

After prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A session that will extend to the top of the hour. In fairness to
all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.

Before I turn the call over to Michel, I have a quick scheduling note. When we report MetLife's full year
results in February, we will consolidate our annual outlook call with our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call,
making for an impactful 60 minute call. Stay tuned.

With that, over to Michel.

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our earnings release last night, MetLife
delivered strong financial results in the third quarter of 2020. These results are a testament to the kind
of company that MetLife has become. We are simpler and more predictable. For example, the impact of
our annual actuarial assumption review was modest and consistent with the sensitivities we provided last
quarter.

We have a well-diversified mix of market leading businesses. That diversity was on display in the largely
offsetting impacts of COVID-19. And we have an ongoing commitment to consistent execution. A good
quarter at MetLife is just another installment in what investors have come to expect of us and what we
expect of ourselves.

Turning to the numbers. We reported third quarter 2020 adjusted earnings of $1.6 billion or $1.73 per
share compared to $1.27 per share a year ago. Net income of $633 million was below adjusted earnings,
mostly due to losses on derivatives helped to protect our balance sheet against movements in equity
markets and interest rates. For year-to-date 2020, MetLife has generated $5.1 billion of net income.
Excluding all notable items, we reported quarterly adjusted earnings of $1.8 billion or $1.95 per share
compared to $1.4 billion or $1.54 per share a year ago.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

The only notable item in the quarter was our annual actuarial assumption review, which had a negative
$203 million impact on adjusted earnings and an incremental negative $98 million impact on net income.
This is largely a function of lowering our long-term interest rate assumption from 3.75% to 2.75%.

As expected, we experienced a significant recovery in our private equity portfolio, which we report on a
1-quarter lag. The rebound that occurred with 6.7% return tracked with the mid-single-digit forecast we
provided in Q2. Other contributors, including hedge funds and prepayments, added meaningfully to our
$652 million of pretax variable investment income.

Turning to some third quarter business highlights. Our U.S. business segment produced very strong
adjusted earnings driven by Group Benefits and Retirement and Income Solutions. In Group Benefits,
Group Life mortality experience improved from the second quarter and dental utilization and disability
remains favorable. RIS benefited from the rebound in VII as well as temporarily wider recurring
investment spreads. Offsetting this, Property & Casualty saw heavier than normal catastrophe losses that
overwhelmed favorable auto claims frequency.

Outside the U.S., Asia's adjusted earnings, ex notables, were up 34% from a year ago on higher VII,
favorable underwriting, lower expenses and volume growth. Adjusted earnings, ex notables, in Latin
America were down 67% year-over-year as COVID claims rose sharply, as expected. In EMEA, adjusted
earnings, ex notables, increased 26% due to lower expenses, favorable underwriting and volume growth.
And finally, for MetLife Holdings, adjusted earnings, ex notables, rose 35% on higher VII and better long-
term care underwriting results.

Our cash position strengthened during the quarter, ending at $7.8 billion, well above our target cash buffer
of $3 billion to $4 billion. The increase in cash is mostly due to our issuance of $1 billion of fixed preferred
stock during the quarter, which was used in October to retire $1 billion of floating preferred stock. As we
committed in September, we have resumed repurchases of our common stock, roughly $80 million in the
third quarter and about another $240 million since then.

Despite the extreme disruption 2020 has presented, we are on track this year to deploy $4.3 billion
of capital towards strategic M&A, common stock dividends and share repurchases. We believe this
underscores the durability of our all-weather Next Horizon strategy and MetLife's consistent execution
across a range of economic scenarios.

We rolled out our Next Horizon strategy almost 1 year ago with 3 main pillars: focus on deploying scarce
capital and resources to their highest use, simplify MetLife by driving operational efficiency and improving
the customer experience and differentiate to drive competitive advantage in the marketplace. We believe
we have made clear progress on all 3 fronts.

At Investor Day last December, I noted that our capital management philosophy at MetLife has not
changed. Capital is precious, and we are disciplined in deploying it to the highest-value opportunities. Our
purchase of Versant Health, which we expect to close before year-end, demonstrates our commitment to
this approach. Vision Care is a capital-light business with strong risk-adjusted returns and high free cash
flow generation. Like our U.S. Group Benefits franchise more broadly, it is precisely the kind of business
we want to grow.

Knowing where not to play is just as important as knowing where to place our strategic bets. During the
quarter, we booked the sale of our annuity business in Argentina, which was no longer the right fit for
MetLife. While not material to MetLife, this divestment helps illustrate our ongoing process of planting and
pruning in an effort to achieve the optimal business mix.

When we talk about simplifying MetLife, we have 2 goals in mind: continuously improving our operational
efficiency and becoming an easier company for our customers to do business with. On efficiency, given the
headwinds we have faced this year, we knew it was going to be a challenge to meet our target of a 12.3%
direct expense ratio, but this is a firm commitment, and we will keep it.

Despite higher anticipated seasonal expenses in Q4, we are increasingly confident that we will beat this
target for the full year. By embracing an efficiency mindset, we are also freeing up resources that can
be reinvested in critical areas to improve the customer experience. A case in point is the investment we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

are making in group disability in the U.S. The shared goal of all stakeholders in the disability system,
whether employees, employers or insurance carriers, is to achieve the best possible health outcomes
and get people back to their lives and livelihoods as quickly as possible. We are implementing an end-
to-end disability and absence management solution to meet changing customer expectations and extend
our leadership in this space. By investing in the customer experience here and across our businesses, we
deepen MetLife's competitive advantage into the future.

The third pillar of our strategy is differentiation, those competitive advantages that set us apart from our
peers. One of the most important is our talent. A major strength of being a truly global company is that
we can redeploy talent to match it against our most promising opportunities. This is precisely what we
have done in the latest round of leadership changes that MetLife announced last month. I want to begin by
thanking Oscar Schmidt for his exemplary service to MetLife over the past 26 years. Under his leadership,
MetLife has grown to become the largest life insurer in Latin America, with a well-diversified set of leading
businesses across the region. When Oscar steps away from his executive position at the end of the year,
we will rotate a number of executives into new roles.

Eric Clurfain will move from CEO of Japan to Head of Latin America, Dirk Ostijn will move from Head of
EMEA to CEO of Japan, and Nuria Garcia will move from Deputy Head of EMEA to running the region.
Taken together, these appointments demonstrate not only our commitment to talent development but
our deep bunch of leaders who are ready to step up immediately and deliver value to our customers and
shareholders.

Another area of differentiation I want to highlight is sustainability, which is core to our purpose at
MetLife. The best talent want to work for sustainable companies. Corporate customers want sustainability
embedded in their supply chain. And investors are increasingly interested in owning companies that
incorporate environmental, social and governance principles into how they operate.

To highlight one example at MetLife, in September, we set ambitious new targets for our environmental
performance. We committed to reduce our location-based greenhouse gas emissions by 30%, originate
$20 billion in new green investments and direct $5 million to develop products and partnerships that will
drive climate solutions, all by the year 2030.

We believe sustainability can be a competitive differentiator for us. At a daylong session with our Board
of Directors in late September, we pressure tested every aspect of our Next Horizon strategy. We came
away more confident than ever that our strategy will not only continue to guide us through the current
environment but position us to emerge from the crisis in even stronger shape. From capital deployment
and digital acceleration to expense rigor and a culture of experimentation, we are accelerating the pace of
change to win with customers and create shareholder value.

Before I close, I would like to say a few words about one of the towering figures in the history of MetLife.
John Creedon, MetLife's President and CEO from 1983 to '89, passed away on October 11 at the age
of 96. John's path at MetLife literally took him from the mail room to the board room. Among his many
notable achievements was hiring Snoopy and the Peanuts gang and furthering the company's expansion
into global markets. But perhaps what best captures John's career was his passion for the customer. The
overarching goal he had in every job was to exceed customer expectations.

John's passing reminds us that we are stewards of a great institution. MetLife was around long before we
got here, and it will be around long after we are gone. Our task is to create long-term value for MetLife's
many stakeholders, including our shareholders, to ensure, in the words of our purpose statement, that we
will be always with you building a more confident future.

With that, I will turn the call over to John McCallion.

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Michel, and good morning. I will start with the 3Q '20 supplemental slides that we released
last evening, which highlight information in our earnings release and quarterly financial supplement. In

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

addition, the slide provides more detail on our annual global actuarial assumption review as well as an
update on our cash and capital positions.

Starting on Page 3, the schedule provides a comparison of net income and adjusted earnings in the third
quarter. Net income in the third quarter were $633 million or $945 million lower than adjusted earnings.
This variance is primarily due to net derivative losses resulting from higher long-term interest rates as well
as the stronger equity markets in the quarter.

The investment portfolio and hedging program continue to perform as expected. In addition, the actuarial
assumption review accounted for $98 million of the variance between net income and adjusted earnings,
which I will now discuss in more detail on Page 4. During the quarter, the actuarial assumption review
reduced net income by $301 million, of which $203 million impacted adjusted earnings. The most
significant driver was the reduction of our long-term U.S. 10-year treasury interest rate assumption from
3.75% to 2.75%. In addition to this 100 basis point reduction, we have extended our mean reversion
rate to 12 years. These changes reflect expectations of lower interest rates for a longer period of time.
The overall impact to earnings is consistent with the sensitivities provided on our second quarter 2020
earnings call.

Page 5 provides a breakdown of the actuarial assumption viewed by business segment. The vast majority
of the earnings impact was in MetLife Holdings primarily due to the change in our long-term U.S. interest
rate assumption. We also had a few adjustments in Asia, Latin America and EMEA primarily due to lower
interest rates and various changes in policyholder behavior.

On Page 6, you can see the year-over-year comparison of adjusted earnings by segment, excluding
notable items in both periods. Both quarters exclude the impact of their respective actuarial assumption
reviews. In addition, the prior year quarter had $88 million associated with our completed unit cost
initiative, which was accounted for in corporate and other. Excluding these notable items, adjusted
earnings were up 24% and 25% on a constant currency basis. On a per share basis, adjusted earnings
were up 27% and 28% on a constant currency basis.

Overall, variable investment income was higher than third quarter of '19 by $257 million after tax. This
year-over-year increase in VII accounted for nearly 75% of the total adjusted earnings growth. Favorable
expense margins and solid volume growth were other key year-over-year drivers.

Turning to the performance of our businesses. Group benefits adjusted earnings were up 7% year-over-
year. The Group Life mortality ratio was 89.6%, and which improved sequentially and included roughly 3
percentage points related to COVID-19 claims. This is at the top end of our annual target range of 85%
to 90%. We expect the Group Life mortality ratio in the fourth quarter to be modestly above the annual
target range as fourth quarter tends to have higher seasonal Life claims, and we expect COVID-19 related
claims will remain elevated.

The interest-adjusted benefit ratio for group nonmedical health was 67.4%, which is below our annual
target range of 72% to 77% driven by favorable dental and disability results. As the quarter progressed,
dental utilization came in above expectations, which was offset by the partial release of the unearned
premium reserve we established in the second quarter. We expect this dental utilization trend to continue
and would expect the group nonmedical health ratio in the fourth quarter to be at the low end of its annual
target range of 72% to 77%.

In regards to the top line, Group Benefits adjusted PFOs were up 7% year-over-year due to growth
across most products and markets as well as the partial release of the unearned dental premium reserve.
Excluding the unearned dental premium reserve release, which totaled approximately $110 million, Group
Benefits PFO growth would have been within the annual target range of 4% to 6%.

Retirement and Income Solutions, or RIS, adjusted earnings were up 73% year-over-year. The drivers
were strong investment margins, primarily higher variable investment income; favorable underwriting
margins of roughly $50 million in the quarter, of which we estimate approximately half is related to
elevated COVID-19 mortality; and volume growth. RIS investment spreads for the quarter were 156 basis
points, up 54 basis points year-over-year. Spreads, excluding VII, were 98 basis points in the quarter, up

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

19 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to the decline in LIBOR rates and an increase in prepayments
of RMBS held on our books at a discount.

Looking ahead, we expect RIS investment spreads in 4Q to decline sequentially, primarily due to lower VII,
but still come in at the top end of the annual guidance range of 90 to 115 basis points.

RIS liability exposures grew 12.5% year-over-year driven by strong volume across the product portfolio
as well as separate account investment performance. While liability exposures grew, RIS adjusted PFOs,
excluding pension risk transfers, were down 8% year-over-year due to lower structured settlements and
institutional income annuity sales.

Regarding pension risk transfers, we had approximately $500 million of PRT sales in the quarter and are
seeing a good pipeline building once again.

Property & Casualty, or P&C, adjusted earnings were down 68% versus the prior year period driven by
unfavorable underwriting margins due to higher catastrophe losses. The overall combined ratio was
104.2%, which was above our annual target range of 92% to 97% and the prior year quarter of 98.4%.
Catastrophe losses were $115 million after tax in the quarter, $60 million higher than 3Q of '19. This
quarter's cats primarily related to a tropical storm that impacted the Northeast and severe windstorms in
the Midwest. It was the highest quarterly cat loss for our P&C business in nearly a decade.

Moving to Asia. Adjusted earnings were up 34% and 32% on a constant currency basis primarily due to
higher variable investment income as well as favorable underwriting and expense margins. In addition,
Asia continues to benefit from solid volume growth driven by higher general account assets under
management, which were up 6% on an amortized cost basis. Looking ahead, we expect Asia's strong VII
and favorable underwriting in 3Q to return to more normal levels in the fourth quarter.

Latin America adjusted earnings were down 67% and 62% on a constant currency basis primarily driven
by unfavorable underwriting and lower Chilean encaje returns, which were essentially flat in the quarter.
Elevated COVID-19-related Life claims, primarily in Mexico, impacted Latin America's adjusted earnings
by approximately $70 million after tax in the quarter. We expect COVID-19-related claims in the fourth
quarter to remain elevated.

EMEA adjusted earnings were up 26% and 30% on a constant currency basis primarily driven by favorable
underwriting margins as a result of lower claims and group policies in the region as well as better expense
margins and volume growth.

MetLife Holdings adjusted earnings were up 35% year-over-year. This increase was primarily driven by
higher private equity returns as well as favorable underwriting margins, as lower claim incidents and long-
term care more than offset marginally higher Life claims due to COVID-19. The Life interest-adjusted
benefit ratio was 60.2%, which included 7.3 percentage points related to the actuarial assumption review.
Adjusting for this impact, the Life interest-adjusted benefit ratio was 52.9%, within our annual target
range of 50% to 55%. Looking ahead to 4Q, we expect MetLife Holdings' adjusted earnings to return to
more normal levels due to lower VII and more normal underwriting results in long-term care.

Corporate & Other adjusted loss was $131 million. This result was modestly more favorable than the prior
year quarter, which had an adjusted loss of $135 million, excluding notable items. This quarter's results
reflect lower expenses partially offset by less favorable investment margins as well as higher preferred
stock dividends. As we outlined in our 2Q earnings call, we expect an adjusted loss range of $325 million
to $375 million in the second half of 2020, which implies Corporate & Other adjusted losses to be between
$200 million to $250 million in 4Q.

The company's effective tax rate on adjusted earnings in the quarter was 20%, at the bottom of our 2020
guidance range of 20% to 22%.

Now let's turn to VII in the quarter on Page 7. This chart reflects our pretax variable investment income
over the prior 5 quarters, including $652 million in the third quarter of 2020. This strong result was mostly
attributable to the private equity portfolio, which had a 6.7% return in the quarter. As we have previously
discussed, private equities are generally accounted for on a 1-quarter lag, and the positive marks included

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

in our third quarter results are in line with the outlook offered in our last earnings call. There was also a
positive contribution to VII from hedge funds, which had a 13% return in the quarter, as well as higher
prepayment fees. In the fourth quarter, we expect VII to remain strong, but closer to the pre 2Q '20 trend
levels.

Now let's take a look at VII by segment on Page 8. This table breaks out the third quarter VII of $515
million after tax by segment. The 3 largest recipients of VII in the quarter were MetLife Holdings, RIS
and Asia. The allocation of VII by business segment is based on the quarterly returns of their individual
portfolios. That said, as a general rule, MetLife Holdings, RIS and Asia will account for approximately 90%
of the total VII and roughly split 1/3 each.

Our new money rate was 2.76% versus a roll-off rate of 3.81% in the quarter. This compares to a new
money rate of 3.41% and a roll-off rate of 3.72% in 2Q of '20. The 65 basis point sequential decline in
the new money rate was primarily due to tighter credit spreads in the quarter, purchases of short-term
investments to match short-term issuances in our capital markets business as well as higher liquidity at
the holding company. We also purchased close to $1 billion in low-yielding foreign government bonds,
primarily JGBs, to invest cash flows associated with recurring premium income from our Japanese yen
in-force block. Looking ahead, we expect new money yields in 4Q to remain at comparable 3Q levels as
we maintain our disciplined approach to investing in high-quality assets despite persistently tight credit
spreads.

Turning to Page 9. This chart shows our direct expense ratio from 2015 through 2019 and the first 3
quarters of 2020. In 3Q, our direct expense ratio was 11.4%. This low ratio was driven by a reduction in
direct expenses, increased availability of our dental services driving higher premium and a reserve release
in Corporate & Other.

Year-to-date, our direct expense ratio was 11.9%. We expect the direct expense ratio to be higher than
trend in 4Q primarily due to seasonality. In our Group Benefits business, we incur higher enrollment and
other costs prior to receiving premiums. Also, certain corporate initiative costs are expected to be higher
in 4Q.

Overall, as Michel noted, we are increasingly confident that we will beat our full year target of
approximately 12.3% as we continue to deploy an efficiency mindset to increase capacity for reinvestment
and to protect the margins of the firm.

I will now discuss our cash and capital on Page 10. Cash and liquid assets at the holding companies were
approximately $7.8 billion at September 30, which is up from $6.6 billion at June 30 and well above our
target cash buffer of $3 billion to $4 billion. The $1.2 billion increase in cash at the holding companies was
primarily the result of a $1 billion preferred stock issuance in the quarter. The proceeds from this issuance
were used in October to redeem $1 billion of preferred stock outstanding.

In addition, cash at the holding companies reflect the net effects of subsidiary dividends, payments of
our common stock dividend, share repurchases of $80 million in the quarter as well as holding company
expenses and other cash flows.

Next, I would like to provide you with an update on our capital position. For our U.S. company's
preliminary third quarter year-to-date 2020 statutory operating earnings were approximately $3.2 billion,
while net income was approximately $2.8 billion. Statutory operating earnings decreased by $200 million
from the prior year period primarily due to higher VA rider reserves and the impact of a prior year dividend
from an investment subsidiary. This was partially offset by the favorable underwriting, higher separate
account returns and lower operating expenses.

Year-to-date, net income was lower due to the decrease in operating earnings and other realized losses.
These were partially offset by derivative gains in the current year.

We estimate that our total U.S. statutory adjusted capital was approximately $21 billion at September
30, up 12% compared to December 31, 2019. Operating income and derivative gains more than offset
dividends paid.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Finally, the Japan solvency margin ratio was 892% as of June 30, which is the latest public data.

Overall, MetLife delivered a strong quarter, bolstered by an increase in variable investment income and
supported by the solid fundamentals from our diverse set of market-leading businesses. In addition, we
believe our capital, liquidity and investment portfolio are strong, resilient and well-positioned to manage
through and come out stronger in this challenging environment.

Finally, we are confident the actions we are taking to be a simpler and more focused company will
continue to create long-term, sustainable value for our customers, and our shareholders.
And with that, I will turn the call back to the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first question is on the capital discussion. You guys mentioned you have a good amount of excess
capital above the buffer you'd like to hold at the holding companies, even if we adjust for the preferred
stock that you paid back subsequent to the end of the quarter. So just trying to get a sense of how you're
thinking about kind of working your way back down to kind of the target buffer and as we think about the
environment normalizing, combined with potentially holding on to some excess capital for potential M&A
as we hear about some kind of new properties that could potentially be out there in the Life space.

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Elyse, it's Michel. So let me begin by saying that at a high level, we have a well-diversified mix of
market-leading businesses and I think that diversity was on display in the largely offsetting impact from
COVID-19. In addition, we believe that our capital, liquidity and investment portfolio are strong, resilient
and well-positioned to manage through and come out stronger in this challenging environment. And
ultimately, I think this, we believe, underscores the durability of our all-weather Next Horizon strategy and
our consistent execution across a range of economic scenarios.

What I will say around sort of our capital management philosophy is that it has not changed. So
we believe excess capital above and beyond what's required to fund organic growth belongs to our
shareholders and should be used for share repurchases, common dividends or strategic acquisitions that
clear a minimum risk-adjusted hurdle rate.

As you mentioned, as you referenced, after we complete our buyback authorization by year-end and the
Versant acquisition, we expect to have a cash buffer well in excess of our $3 billion to $4 billion target, but
no change in terms of our philosophy and how we would deploy excess capital.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question, I wanted to get a little bit more color on the group
side. The nonmedical results have been pretty strong this year. And you kind of alluded to favorable dental
results, and it sounds like that should continue into the fourth quarter at the kind of low-end of your
range. How should we think about that business kind of performing into 2021? You just have some initial
thoughts, obviously, given that the business has been a little kind of volatile this year just with the impact
of COVID.

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S. Business

Elyse, it's Ramy here. So with respect to the nonmedical health ratio, first, you've got the disability part
of that business. Historically, you've seen a linkage, although be it delayed linkage, between recessions
and increases in frequency and lower recoveries on the LTD book. We have not seen that yet. The results
continue to track pretty favorably on the LTD side. But there is a lag, and we're continuing to monitor this
pretty carefully.

On the STD side, the COVID impact has been a push for us as we look forward. So higher COVID-related
claims have been offset by lower claims due to delays of elective surgeries, et cetera. So we continue
to monitor the LTD book into next year. But I would remind you, we can reprice just shy of 50% of that
business every year. So our block is about 13% of our PFOs and about 1/2 of that can be repriced every

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

year. So this is a short-term business, and we have a track record of being able to appropriately react to
changes in the environment and get the rate changes that we need.

On the dental side, this year has been an exceptional year in the sense that we've had all the shutdowns
that are COVID related in the second quarter, and hence, the rationale and the reason why we've set up
the unearned premium reserves.

As we look forward, in terms of the dental business, as John mentioned, as the quarter progressed, dental
offices are more fully opened. And we started seeing utilization levels, primarily in September, that came
in above our typical levels as the patients made up for those services, and this was offset by the partial
release of the dental premium that we set up in the second quarter.

Sitting here today, we expect to continue to see above typical utilization levels in the fourth quarter for
dental. And you will also see us release the balance of the unearned premium reserve in the fourth quarter
for the dental business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

First question is on MetLife Holdings. Just following the equitable risk transfer deal, a New York company
with pretty attractive pricing on that deal, would you say it makes you more likely to consider risk transfer
for that business?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Tom, it's John. So let me just start with -- I don't think our commentary would change here. So one, as I
said before, our focus is on optimizing MetLife Holdings. It's large and stable, well-seasoned, in force, it's
diversified, it's got a number of natural offsets, it's a good source of sustainable free cash flow. That said,
we've continued to take an external perspective and a third-party view of the business. And one, I think
it makes us better at managing the business; two, we need to do this work because there is -- it has got
some complexity to it, so you need to do the work upfront. And I think it can give us an opportunity to
accelerate, albeit appropriately, the release of capital and reserves.

So I think it was an interesting data point. I think that data spreads are still wide. But certainly, as I said
before, I think some increases in supply here can narrow that. And I don't think it's changed the sense of
urgency we have on how we optimize the business.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. And just my follow-up is top line in Group Benefits is holding up pretty well and better than most
peers. Do you see that trend continuing as you think about 2021?

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S. Business

It's Ramy here. We're clearly pleased with the performance this quarter, and we're exceptionally pleased
with the performance, especially in the context of a difficult environment. I mean think about the rise in
unemployment rates, think about that we're in the middle of a pandemic, as the largest group life insurer
in the country and we're there paying claims and fulfilling promises to our customers and beneficiaries.
So just to give you a sense on top line, for the full year, we would expect to be, from a year-over-year
perspective, close to the bottom end of our PFO guidance range of 4% to 6%, and that's even if you factor
in the premium discounts that we've given in Dental. And I would remind you that you should expect
to also see top line PFO growth be in double digits next year with the addition of Versant. So if you're
thinking about the top line growth, we still have a pretty robust view of next year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger from KBW.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

First, I had one follow-up to Tom's question. One piece of MetLife Holdings is participating in Life, which I
assume would be a pretty attractive liability to reinsurers. But my question is because it's participating in
some pretty neutralization, is there any impediment to you looking for risk transfer for that specific block?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Ryan, it's John. I would just say to start that -- I would say nothing is necessarily off the table, but
there is a closed block, and then there's an open block that have participating policies associated with
it. And I think, certainly, the closed block has different complexity associated with it. Both are very well-
performing blocks of business. And as I said before, we have a number of businesses that are actually
complementary, have a number of natural offsets, which -- some of which you actually saw come through
this quarter.

But yes, I think just to answer your question directly, certain blocks would have different complexities than
others.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then on retirement spread, so they did pick up quite a bit on an underlying basis, ex VII, in the
quarter. And I heard your comment on the full year, but as we look a little bit longer into 2021, can you
give us any sense of kind of the rough range to think about here?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

So you may have heard John's opening remarks. We'll give -- we're going to have an outlook call in
February, and we'll give more color there. But look, I would just give maybe some qualitative commentary
to start.

One is we've seen this -- we've seen some resiliency here in our spreads. And it goes back to just
a diverse set of businesses we have, not just in terms of source of earnings but even across spread
businesses. We have diverse set of spread businesses, some of which do well in a lower-rate, steeper-
curve environment. And then we have longer-tail legacy blocks that obviously would have some spread
pressure over a long period of time.

And so all things considered, I think we've seen pretty resilient spread levels this year. Nonetheless, I
think over time, there would be longer-term pressure on some of those other long-term blocks, but that
ignores new business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.

Nigel Phillip Dally
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So with optimizing your businesses, can you discuss the importance of the Property & Casualty business?
There was an article back in September highlighting potentially the division could be put up to sale. Now
you probably don't want to speak to that specific article, but hoping you can discuss just where it fits
strategically into your overall mix?

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Yes. Nigel, sure. So first of all, I will say this is a well-run, good business, our P&C business. It's been
consistently profitable. It generates mid-teen ROEs, and it does have an important strategic connection
to our group business. It also produces a steady source of noncorrelated free cash flow. So I think those
are the comments that I would make about the business. And as you said, we're not going to speculate or
we're not going to respond to any potential rumors here.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Going back to RIS, volumes have also been pretty strong year-to-date despite a lower level of PRT
activities. So just can you talk about what's been driving this and how you see the outlook for liability
growth?

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S. Business

Erik, it's Ramy here. So as we've talked about, there are a number of different parts or businesses within
RIS. We have seen a significant pickup in sales and stable value deposits this year. A lot of that was driven
by individuals seeking the safety, that stable value offers them inside their DC plans.

Offsetting that, if you think about the other parts of RIS, we've seen more pressure in the Structured
Settlements business, the institutional annuity business. And a lot of those businesses are rate sensitive,
so the value proposition to the customer, if you will, is diminished in lower-rate environment. And so think
about the volumes there as being -- continuing to be driven by the rate environment.

PRT, we're seeing it starting to pick up. As John mentioned, we're looking at a pretty healthy pipeline
in Q4. but as we've talked about before, we're not chasing top line here. We're continuing to be highly
disciplined in terms of our pricing of every single deal that we look at in the PRT space.

And then finally, as you probably have seen, we are now well into our entry into the U.K. longevity market.
So far this year, we're close to $1 billion in sales in terms of longevity swaps, and we continue to see a
robust pipeline there into Q4 and into next year.

I would just come back and reiterate for RIS, it's -- we've seen a very healthy top line. We've seen very
healthy growth in liability balances. But discipline is the name of the game here in terms of looking for the
returns as opposed to chasing growth.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

And then maybe if I could ask one for Steve Goulart. Just hoping you could discuss your outlook for
the commercial real estate sector and how you see the current stresses affecting both your commercial
mortgage loan portfolio as well as CMBS more broadly?

Steven Jeffrey Goulart
Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer

Sure. Thanks, Ryan. I think we've talked about this on a couple of prior calls. Obviously, it's an important
topic. It's an important investment for us in commercial mortgage loans. We continue to be optimistic
about the sector. We like it. We continue to invest in the sector. I think back actually to some of the
comments I made, I think it was actually in perhaps response to one of your questions, but we did see
deferral requests as we entered into the COVID pandemic. I think I mentioned on our last earnings call
that those got to about 9% of our principal balance outstanding, but that appears to be sort of where we
topped out. And what's most important now is as those are rolling off the deferral requests, we've seen
60% of them roll off, and they've all gone back to resuming payment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

So I think that supports our underlying view of strength in this sector, Erik, and it continues to be
important for us.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath from Citi.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I wanted to ask about Asia sales. They're down year-over-year but up pretty sharply on a sequential
quarter basis. Just curious what's going on there. We had heard from another company that there was a
pull-forward of sales because of some rate changes that helped their sales growth. Just wondering if there
was any kind of similar dynamic at Met, or more specifically what you're seeing in terms of driving that
growth.

Kishore Ponnavolu
Executive VP & Regional President of Asia Region

Suneet, this is Kishore. Let me say that the premise of your question is correct in the first part. So let me
-- based on your question, let me start by putting a little bit of context to our sales performance in Q2.

In the second quarter, lockdowns and social distancing restrictions had a significant impact on our sales.
And Q2 sales for Asia overall dropped 44%, 55% in Japan compared to prior year. To overcome this
challenge, we took several distribution and product actions.

As you're well aware of all the past investments we've been making in sales platforms. And on top of that,
we implemented several digital solutions to augment our face-to-face interactions. And we also stepped up
our sales management activities as well. And because of these actions, we've seen a very strong recovery
in Q3 sales, as you rightly pointed out. Q3 sales increased sequentially 63% for overall Asia, 85% in
Japan. And our year-over-year drop is now reduced to 16%. So you asked about the repricing that was
-- we did reprice our level premium FX product, it was a contributing but not a major factor in driving our
sequential growth.

So another way to look at this is to how we're seeing how this is going to play out for the rest of the
year. We expect the impact of our actions that we've taken so far to sustain our Q3 momentum. While
the environment is still challenging for face-to-face sales environment, we're seeing a pickup in our sales
pipeline, and you should expect a positive year-on-year growth for Asia as a whole. Hope that helps.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then I guess -- yes, no, it does. Another quick one for John on the VA block. Just curious as
you had mentioned something about reserves on a statutory basis. But is this block sort of past the peak
reserve funding period? Or are you still sort of building reserves as the block matures? And at what point
do you think you'd be at sort of peak reserves?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Suneet, just as a reminder, we have roughly $50 billion of VA account balances. Half of it is a living benefit
guarantee, as we showed you back at Investor Day, and that has been rolling off consistently over time.
Having said that, there are certain components of that block that are building reserves, and others that
are, I'd say, kind of kind of have kind of settled down in terms of the reserve build. So it depends on which
vintage you're talking about.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Is there any way to give us a percentage of the block that's at peak reserves versus the block that's still
building?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

I'd probably have to get back to you on that. I don't have it handy.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I had a couple of questions. First, on your Latin America business, sales were down a decent amount year-
over-year. I'm assuming that's mostly because of COVID. And to the extent it is, can you give us any color
on whether things got better as the quarter went on? And how do you see things working out through the
next quarter or 2? And then I have another one.

Oscar A. Schmidt
Board Chairman

Yes. Jimmy, this is Oscar. So let me talk about the quality of our top line overall. So as you said, sales
are down because of social distancing because of COVID, that affects the entire region. But if you think
about it, the sales that we're performing are all done remotely is really good performance considering
the potential after social distancing goes away. But if you think about our premiums and fees and you
exclude PF, and let me say that's PF in Chile, sales are really down because most of Chileans are deferring
their decision to retire, so PF sales are really down. If you exclude PF impacts in our premiums and fees,
year-over-year, we're growing above mid-single digits, which is pretty healthy considering the COVID
environment. And that speaks about the quality of our persistency, not just the resilience.

So we are very confident about our top line health, particularly if you strip out this PF, which, as I said,
are, obviously, related to a few number of Chileans deciding to retire.

So we're very confident as well that as our agents, our core channels learn to remotely -- as they can start
dealing face-to-face with these customers, sales are going to go back to normal and it's happening. So
we're very happy about the potential.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then maybe a bigger-picture question. You've done a few sort of niche acquisitions in Group Benefits.
But -- and obviously, you're deploying capital towards buybacks as well. Given your -- where your stock
price is, can you comment on your interest in sort of larger acquisitions and how you think about those
because there are -- there is a decent amount of activity in the business lines that you're in? Are you
interested in large acquisitions as well, or not as much, given sort of the potential accretion from buybacks
at this price?

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Jimmy, look, I mean, I go back to our strategy and what we shared with you at Investor Day last
December. If I look at our portfolio, especially factoring in some of the recent acquisitions, Versant Health,
[indiscernible] PetFirst and Digital Willing. I don't -- we don't see gaps in terms of the portfolio that -- of
businesses that we have. We see plenty of organic growth opportunities. And we're focused on getting
the synergies and -- whether cost or revenue synergies from those acquisitions that I referenced. So
hopefully, that gives you a bit of sort of insight into our thinking here.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners.

Humphrey Lee

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

My first question is when we -- looking at the annual assumption review, should we think about where
there's going to be some ongoing run rate earnings impact into some of your segments?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Humphrey, it's John. No, we don't expect any material changes in ongoing run rate earnings as a result of
the assumption review.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Got it. My second question is, I think, in Michel's prepared remarks, he talked about entering into absence
management business. How should we think about the corresponding expense impact from the investment
into the business, especially since some of your peers have incurred quite a meaningful labor expenses for
this business as they ramp up?

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S. Business

Humphrey, it's Ramy here. So in terms of our actual expenses relating to our disability business this
quarter, we're running right in line with expectations. So we're not really seeing any impact here
whatsoever.

What Michel was talking about is some of our broader investments in technology and platform around
disability and absence management. All of those numbers on all of those investments have been baked
into our run rate that you've seen over the past many quarters. And our investments here are in areas like
pricing sophistication, contract competitiveness, clinical model in terms of the return-to-health initiatives,
which are critical for the LTD business, and we're already seeing positive business outcomes.

And that end-to-end disability and absence management solution, which Michel is talking about, is
already resonating in the market with the larger employers. It includes things like the digital interface for
claimants, AI-driven automated claim processing, sophisticated data analytics for employers so that they
can understand their workforce. And we're expecting to see growth here although growth with discipline,
in this area going forward.

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

And Humphrey, it's John. I would just add just to Ramy's -- add to Ramy's point there and little bit to the
way you asked the question. This is all part of the, as we refer to as, the efficiency mindset concept where
we continue to drive efficiencies every quarter in the firm and look for opportunities then to redeploy that
into strategic reinvestments to support our market-leading businesses, and doing all of that within our run
rate costs.

So I would just go back to that point. We made that point at Investor Day, and I think it's a key
component for us as we move forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Another licensure that reported last night talked about elevated non-COVID mortality from delaying care,
heart attacks and deaths of despair in their book. As it relates to the Group Life business and Benefits, are
you seeing any signs of this?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S. Business

No, we're not.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then are you seeing any signs of permanent change of behavior coming out of COVID that may
impact claims utilization trends on a more secular basis?

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S. Business

Not yet.

Operator

And at this time, there are no further questions. I'd now like to turn the call back to Michel Khalaf.

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Thank you. In closing, I believe our performance in Q3 and so far in 2020 underscores the sense of
urgency and laser focus and how this leadership team is executing on our Next Horizon strategy to create
long-term shareholder value. I am thankful and proud of the effort and commitment of our employees
around the world who are going above and beyond to deliver for our customers.

Please be safe and talk soon.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

