MetLife, Inc. NYSE:MET
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 07, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.44

1.58

9.72

1.08

5.56

6.07

Revenue  (mm)

16378.02

15537.00

(5.14 %)

16127.52

64995.02

67112.53

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-07-2020 12:13 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.34

1.40

1.38

1.44

1.38

1.27

1.98

1.58

2.99 %

(9.29 %)

43.48 %

9.72 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John Arthur Hall
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S.
Business

Steven Jeffrey Goulart
Executive VP & Chief Investment
Officer

ANALYSTS

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Nigel Phillip Dally
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the MetLife First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

Before we get started, I refer you to the cautionary note about forward-looking statements in yesterday's
earnings release and to risk factors discussed in MetLife's 8-K filed last night and its other SEC filings.

With that, I will turn the call over to John Hall, Head of Investor Relations.

John Arthur Hall
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Now more than ever, we appreciate you joining us for
MetLife's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.

Before we begin, I refer you to the information on non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion
of metlife.com, in our earnings release and in our quarterly financial supplements, which you should
review.

On the call this morning are Michel Khalaf, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John McCallion, Chief
Financial Officer. Also participating in the discussion are other members of senior management.

Last night, we released a set of supplemental slides. They are available on our website. John McCallion
will speak to those supplemental slides in his prepared remarks if you wish to follow along. An appendix to
these slides features disclosures and GAAP reconciliations, which you should also review. After prepared
remarks, we will have a Q&A session that will extend to the top of the hour. [Operator Instructions]

Before I turn the call over to Michel, I have a quick scheduling update. As you might have concluded,
given the environment, we will not be hosting an Investor Day in Tokyo this September.

Now over to Michel.

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, John. And good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by acknowledging the difficulties and
challenges that so many people have endured as a result of the pandemic. What the world has been living
through its tragic, yet it is also demonstrating the best of humanity. We see this every day as thousands of
first responders, health care workers and other frontline employees risk their lives to care for others and
provide essential services. And we see it at MetLife as our employees go above and beyond to deliver on
our promises to customers. While we feel the effects of the crisis deeply, both the personal loss and the
economic disruption, these are the moments that MetLife is built for.

At our Investor Day last December, I led with the importance we place on being a purpose-driven
company. Our purpose statement, Always with you, building a more confident future, has taken on greater
meaning in the current environment. People are counting on us like never before to provide the value,
support and financial security they need.

Our Next Horizon strategy is a road map for how the company will create value for all of its stakeholders:
our people, our customers, our shareholders and our communities. As I have said before, it is our people
who will deliver for our customers, and that in turn is how we will create value for our shareholders and
communities.

It starts with our people, which means making their health and well-being our top priority. We've done
that in a variety of ways. We rapidly moved employees to a work-from-home environment, expanded
benefit to help cover COVID-19 testing and treatment, enhanced mental health support to help employees

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

cope with stress and deployed tools and resources to keep people connected. I am proud of the level of
engagement and motivation our people are showing. They know they are making a difference.

Since we do business in many markets, MetLife got an early look at how the pandemic could affect
societies and our own operations. Our experience in Asia gave us a running start on the activation of our
business continuity plan globally. Across our enterprise, 92% of our 38,000 non-agent employees are now
working from home, including 98% in the United States.

Of course, the true test of our business continuity plan was not merely whether employees could log on
from home but whether they had full functionality to be able to deliver for our customers. On this front,
we are very pleased that we've been able to maintain service levels with 95% of all customer calls, claims
and other transactions successfully handled by employees working remotely. This includes our group
insurance business, where even in this highly disrupted environment, MetLife still expects to meet or
exceed its performance guarantees.

For our customers, this moment is crucial. The way we show up now will resonate with them for years
to come. Across the enterprise, we are acting to provide them with comprehensive and compassionate
care. We are extending premium grace period, fast-tracking claims, crediting or adjusting auto and dental
premiums and providing our digital financial wellness portal to small businesses and their employees at no
cost.

The shutdown of face-to-face distribution has also spurred us to innovate and accelerate the digital
transformation of our business. In China, for example, sales of our medical reimbursement product rose
sharply after we created a WeChat store for agents.

In times of crisis, we must do more for the communities where we work and live. MetLife Foundation has
committed $25 million and MetLife has donated millions of dollars and thousands of masks, disinfectant
wipes and hand sanitizers to the COVID-19 fight. We also had a unique opportunity to help. As a
large commercial real estate investor, we were pleased to work with the state of New York to offer the
InterContinental Times Square as free housing for medical workers.

Most impactful is the social and economic benefit MetLife creates as a life insurance company. The heart
of our business is a promise to pay when people need us most. Through the power of risk pooling, the
premiums of the many become payment to those who need them. MetLife paid more than $24 billion in
policyholder claims, benefits and dividends in the U.S. alone last year, an average of more than $65 million
a day. At a time when peoples' jobs and incomes are at risk, life insurers form a vital part of the social
safety net that sustains people financially.

MetLife entered the current period of uncertainty from the position of strength. As you know, we've made
substantial changes to our strategy and product portfolio. The biggest change is to the profile of our
liabilities. We are now a less market-sensitive and capital-intensive company. At our Investor Day, we
showed that approximately 2/3 of our adjusted earnings came from protection and fee-based products and
only 1/3 from spread-related businesses.

Within our investment portfolio, we took early action in anticipation of a recession. Beginning in 2018,
we became concerned about certain lower-rated areas of the credit markets. We reduced our holdings in
sectors and names that we thought would carry heightened risk in a downturn. Overall, our investment
portfolio is marked by broad diversification, high quality and ample liquidity. Notably, at our operating
insurance companies, we have nearly $100 billion of U.S. government and agency securities, Japan
government bonds and other cash and short-term investments.

MetLife has also further strengthened its already strong capital and liquidity position. As part of our
planned capital actions, in late March, we accessed the bond market when few others could to raise
$1 billion. For the quarter, this helped bring the company's total cash and liquid assets at our holding
companies to $5.3 billion. Our combined U.S. NAIC risk-based capital ratio as of year-end 2019 was
395%, and we enjoy higher ratings from all major credit-rating agencies.

Another proactive step we've taken is to increase our focus on expenses. MetLife remains committed to
meeting the expense target we set as part of our unit cost initiative program. In the current environment,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

perhaps no area gives us greater opportunity to demonstrate our commitment to consistent execution
than expense discipline.

As we announced last week, our financial strength enabled us to increase our quarterly common stock
dividend, which provides a steady and growing source of income to millions of people during this
economically challenging time. We raised our second quarter 2020 common stock dividend by 4.5%, which
illustrates our confidence in MetLife's future.

Given our strong starting position, we expect the impact of the pandemic to be an earnings event, not
a balance sheet event. MetLife has a great set of globally diversified businesses, some of which may be
pressured by today's unprecedented events while others act as offsets.

Take our Retirement and Income Solutions or RIS, business. While we are seeing a slowdown in new
pension risk transfer deals, we are also seeing a surge in demand for our Stable Value offerings as 401(k)
sponsors and participants seek the safety of these book value products backed by MetLife. And although
rollover reinvestment rates continue to be pressured for our long-tailed businesses in RIS, the current
configuration of the yield curve, very low at the short end and a positive slope, is favorable for our capital
markets investment products and securities lending activities.

Similar balance exists across our global protection businesses, where mortality, morbidity, longevity and
property and casualty risks serve as natural offsets. At the core, our scale, strong balance sheet and broad
diversification are key strengths of our franchise. These strengths enabled us to generate first quarter
adjusted earnings of $1.4 billion or $1.58 per share, up 7% from a year ago.

The direct impacts on our adjusted earnings from the pandemic and economic slowdown were limited.
Adjusted earnings reflected strong underwriting margins in Group Benefits and favorable underwriting
margins in Property & Casualty. Variable investment income was very strong mostly due to private equity,
which is registered on a one quarter lag. These positives were offset in part by unfavorable market factors
across interest rates, equities and foreign currency.

Net income was $4.4 billion or $4.75 per share, up from $1.40 per year prior. Falling interest rates drove
substantial gains in the derivatives we hold to protect our balance sheet. Book value per share, excluding
AOCI, other than FCTA, was $52.36, up 7% sequentially from year-end, while adjusted return on equity on
the same basis totaled 12.6%.

Looking ahead to the second quarter, we anticipate the greatest earnings impact will be felt within variable
investment income, where we expect less favorable private equity returns for a time. The strong historical
returns associated with our private equity portfolio and its role as a good match for our long-dated
liabilities justify this asset class as an important ongoing component of the general account. In fact, the
current economic turmoil is precisely the environment where the seeds of tomorrow's private equity
returns are being planted.

We believe our Next Horizon strategy was the right approach before the pandemic struck, and we are
even more confident that the pillars of focus, simplify and differentiate are the right approach today.
By focusing even more intently on where we deploy capital and by further simplifying the company, we
will enable MetLife to emerge from the current environment in the best shape possible. If anything, we
must accelerate our Next Horizon work. This is how we will truly differentiate MetLife and capture the
opportunities that periods of disruptions always bring.

MetLife has seen many such periods during its history: the 1918 flu pandemic, the Great Depression,
World War II, 9/11, the financial crisis. Through all of them, we never faltered. We maintained our
financial strength, kept our promises and provided people with the security and confidence they need.
That's what we mean when we say, Always with you, and it will be true throughout this pandemic and
beyond.

I will now turn the call over to John McCallion.

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with the first quarter 2020 supplemental slides
that we released last evening, which highlight information on our earnings release and quarterly financial
supplement. In addition, the slides provide more detail on our investments, outlook for the second quarter
as well as an update of our cash and capital positions.

Starting on Page 3. This schedule provides a comparison of net income and adjusted earnings in the first
quarter. Net income in the first quarter was $4.4 billion or approximately $3 billion higher than adjusted
earnings of $1.4 billion. This variance is primarily due to net derivative gains resulting from the significant
decline in interest rates during the quarter. The results in the investment portfolio and hedging program
continue to perform as expected.

Turning to Page 4, you can see the year-over-year comparison of adjusted earnings by segment, excluding
notable items. This quarter's results did not include any notable items, while the prior year quarter had
$55 million associated with our unit cost initiative, which was accounted for in Corporate & Other.

Excluding the unit cost in the first quarter of 2019, adjusted earnings were down 2% and essentially
flat on a constant currency basis. On a per share basis, adjusted earnings were up 3% and up 5% on
a constant currency basis. The better results on an EPS basis reflect the cumulative impact from share
repurchases.

Overall, positive year-over-year drivers include strong variable investment income, solid volume growth,
favorable expense margins and lower taxes. This was offset by equity market weakness, lower recurring
interest margins and less favorable underwriting compared to first quarter of '19.

Turning to the performance of our businesses. Group Benefits adjusted earnings were down 9% year-over-
year. The group life mortality ratio was 87.9%, which is slightly above the midpoint of our annual target
range of 85% to 90%, but less favorable to the exceptionally strong prior year quarter of 85.3%, which
was the best first quarter mortality ratio in over 15 years.

The interest adjusted benefit ratio for nonmedical health was 71.7%, which is below our annual target
range of 72% to 77% and also favorable to the prior year quarter of 72.9%. The primary driver was
strong disability results, which benefited from higher claim recoveries, lower incidents and lower severity.

With regards to the top line, Group Benefit adjusted PFOs were up 7% due to solid growth across all
markets. Retirement and Income Solutions, or RIS, adjusted earnings were up 26% year-over-year. RIS
investment spreads for the quarter were 114 basis points, up 18 basis points year-over-year and up 8
basis points sequentially. Spreads in the quarter benefited from higher private equity returns and a decline
in LIBOR rates. RIS liability exposures grew 9%, driven by very strong growth in the second half of 2019
and exceptionally strong Stable Value sales in the quarter, which benefited from a flight to safety amid the
turbulent equity markets as well as opportunistic issuances in our capital markets investment products.
While liability exposures grew, RIS PFOs were down 32% due to the mix of sales in the quarter, driven by
lower structured settlement and income annuity sales.

Property & Casualty, or P&C, adjusted earnings were up 12% versus the prior year. The overall combined
ratio was 91%, which was below our annual target range of 92% to 97% and the prior year quarter of
92.2%. P&C results benefited from favorable non-catastrophe weather in homeowners and auto. P&C
auto also benefited from lower auto frequency over the last 2 weeks of the quarter due to the COVID-19
shelter-in-place orders.

Moving to Asia. Adjusted earnings were down 2% and flat on a constant currency basis. Solid volume
growth was driven by higher general account assets under management on an amortized cost basis, which
were up 7% and 9% on a constant currency basis. This was offset by less favorable underwriting margins,
unfavorable equity markets in Japan and Korea, and lower investment margins.

Latin America adjusted earnings were down 29% and down 19% on a constant currency basis. The
primary year-over-year driver was lower equity markets impacting our Chilean encaje returns, which was
a negative 11% in the quarter versus a plus 5% return in 1Q of '19. Excluding the impact from encaje,
Latin America adjusted earnings were up 23% on a constant currency basis due to higher investment
margins, solid volume growth and favorable underwriting.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

EMEA adjusted earnings were down 9% and down 6% on a constant currency basis as lower equity
markets and less favorable underwriting margins were partially offset by better expense margins and solid
volume growth across the region.

Metlife Holdings adjusted earnings were down 13% year-over-year, primarily driven by adverse equity
markets. The separate account return in the quarter was a negative 14.4%, which was better than
the 20% decline in the S&P as roughly 30% of funds are allocated to fixed accounts. This resulted in a
negative $20 million initial impact, which compares to an approximately $15 million positive initial impact
in first quarter of '19.

With regards to underwriting, the life interest adjusted benefit ratio was 51%, which is near the bottom
end of our annual target range of 50% to 55%. Corporate & Other adjusted loss was $131 million. This
result compared favorably to the prior year quarter, which had an adjusted loss of $138 million, excluding
$55 million of UCI costs. The company's effective tax rate on adjusted earnings in the quarter was 17.5%
and 20.2% on a run rate basis when adjusting for a favorable $45 million tax benefit in the quarter.

Now let's turn to Page 5 to discuss variable investment income in more detail. This chart reflects our
pretax variable investment income in 2019, including $351 million earned in the first quarter of 2020.
Our private equity portfolio, which is generally accounted for on a one quarter lag, had another solid
quarter. With regards to recurring investment income, our new money rate was 3.56% versus a roll-off
rate of 3.92% in the quarter. This compares to a new money rate of 4.04% and a roll-off rate of 4.15% in
first quarter of '19. Lower interest rates have pressured this relationship, but wider credit spreads in the
quarter have provided an offset.

Now on Page 6. The chart on Page 6 highlights our strong historical private equity returns. Steve Goulart
presented a version of this slide at Investor Day showing private equity returns going back to 2016. Given
the focus on our private equity in the current environment, we've decided to expand this view showing
returns going back to the financial crisis in 2008. Our private equity portfolio was $7.6 billion as of March
31, which represents less than 2% of the general account assets under management. It is well diversified
across strategy, geography and portfolio managers and provides a good fit against long-term liabilities.
As you can see from the chart, our private equity investments have generated an average return of 12%
since 2008. And only in 2009, the trough of the financial crisis, that this portfolio failed to generate a
positive return.

These next 2 slides are shown -- were shown at our Investor Day, but they are helpful reminders. On
Page 7, you can see our portfolio loss history since 2008. The chart highlights a strong track record of
performance as our cumulative impairment rate of 1.2% is roughly half that of the industry peer group.
It also speaks to MetLife Investment Management's culture of disciplined underwriting, deep fundamental
analysis and strong risk management, with a particular focus on private asset origination.

Turning to Page 8. As we've discussed previously, we have been proactive in improving the quality of
our portfolio, with a focus on significantly reducing our exposure to below-investment-grade credit and
syndicated bank loans. We're also highly focused on our low BBB exposure, given fallen angel risk. Our
BBB- credit exposure is roughly 4% of the general account AUM and 46% of this is private placements,
which benefit from better financial covenants in place.

I would also call to your attention Page 14 in the appendix, which displays that we have relatively modest
fixed maturity exposures to stressed sectors. You can see our largest exposure on the chart is our energy
portfolio of approximately $8.7 billion, of which 85% is investment grade. The energy portfolio is well
diversified across subsectors and issuers. And we believe it is defensively positioned given the changes
that we have made since the last downturn for the energy sector back in 2016.

Turning to Page 9. This chart shows our direct expense ratio from 2015 through 2019 and first quarter
of 2020. Through year-end 2019, we have achieved 170 basis points improvement in our direct expense
ratio. And while we expect top line pressure in 2020, we remain committed to achieving our 12.3% full
year target as we continue to deploy an efficiency mindset, to increase capacity for reinvestment and to
protect the margins of the firm.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Now I'd like to spend some time reviewing several key considerations for the second quarter given the
uncertainty of the current environment. These considerations are summarized on Page 10 with further
detail offered by segment on Page 13 in the appendix.

Starting with investments. As Michel indicated, we anticipate the largest impact of the current
environment to manifest in variable investment income with the return on our private equity portfolio.
While we received a limited number of PE reports to date, our best estimate for the second quarter is a
negative high-single to low double-digit return. In thinking about our recurring investment income, we
continue to experience downward pressure but reinvestment rates held reasonably steady during the first
quarter as credit spreads widened to offset falling treasury rates and also provided good reinvestment
opportunities.

During the last week of March, we were able to invest roughly $2 billion in high-quality investments that
yielded on average 5.4%. Additionally, while interest rates remained low, the curve has steepened, which
improves margins in our capital market products and RIS in our securities lending program.

Moving on to underwriting margins. Broadly speaking, we anticipate modest underwriting impacts on a
combined basis in the second quarter from COVID-19, but there are many moving parts. To date, while
we've seen limited impact from COVID-19 on life claims in the U.S., we do expect this to increase during
the second quarter. However, claims activity in dental has declined and auto claims frequency is down with
fewer miles driven. Additionally, we would expect some level of offsets from businesses with longevity
risks. So currently, we expect a limited overall impact to underwriting margins on a combined basis in 2Q.

Turning to top line metrics. We would expect 2Q sales to be challenged in most of our markets with risk of
further pressure in future quarters. Additionally, as Michel mentioned, for April and May, we've provided
a 15% premium credit for MetLife personal auto customers and a 25% premium adjustment for our fully
insured dental business within Group Benefits for the 2 months. As far as variable product sensitivities to
equity markets, our Investor Day guidance offered back in December still holds.

While we expect to encounter volume and top line growth pressures, efficiency mindset continues to be
a core tenet of our strategy in managing margin pressures across our business. And as I noted earlier,
our plans include meeting our direct expense ratio full year target of 12.3% despite the challenges of the
current environment.

I will now discuss cash and capital position on Page 11. Cash and liquid assets at the holding companies
were approximately $5.3 billion at March 31, which is up from $4.2 billion at December 31 and well above
our target cash buffer of $3 billion to $4 billion. The $1.1 billion increase in cash in the quarter reflects the
net effects of subsidiary dividends, share repurchases, payment of our common dividend, preferred stock
and debt issuances as well as holding company expenses.

During the quarter, we repurchased $500 million of net common shares with $485 million remaining on
our current authorization. We have not been in the market since early March, which we believe to be
prudent at this time. Our cash balances are high. Our next debt maturity is December 2022, and we like
the optionality and financial flexibility those balances provide us at this time.

Next, I would like to provide you with an update on our capital position. Using market inputs at the end
of the first quarter, interest rates following the observable forward yield curves as of March 31 and equity
markets down 20% in 2020, we estimate that our average free cash flow ratio for the 2-year period, 2019
and 2020, will hold within our target range of 65% to 75%.

Looking forward to the 2-year period of 2020 to 2021 and assuming the same March 31, 2020, forward
yield curves and a return to normal 5% equity market growth in 2021, we estimate our free cash flow
would be within a range of 40% to 60%. This range occurs as we estimate some level of credit losses due
to the pandemic over the next 12 to 24 months and some level of additional reserves would be established
under current New York cash flow testing requirements, which would impact dividend capacity at our New
York-domiciled statutory company, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, or MLIC. We would not expect
such reserves to be required under NAIC standards and, therefore, would not impact our combined NAIC
RBC levels.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

For our U.S. companies, our combined NAIC RBC ratio was 395% at year-end 2019 and comfortably above
our 360% target. For our U.S. companies, preliminary first quarter 2020 statutory operating losses were
approximately $650 million and net income was approximately $260 million. Statutory operating earnings
decreased by $1.9 billion from the prior year, primarily due to higher VA reserves. Net income was mostly
driven by derivative gains in the quarter.

We estimate that our total U.S. statutory adjusted capital was approximately $21.4 billion as of March
31, 2020, up $2.8 billion from $18.6 billion at December 31, 2019. Derivative gains more than offset
operating losses in the first quarter of 2020. Finally, the Japan solvency margin ratio was 931% as of
December 31, which is the latest public data.

Overall, MetLife delivered another solid quarter despite the significant volatility in the capital markets
due to COVID-19. Looking ahead, we expect our second quarter adjusted earnings to be dampened by
negative private equity returns, but our underlying business fundamentals from our diverse market-
leading businesses to remain intact. In addition, we believe our capital, liquidity and investment portfolio
are resilient and well positioned to manage through this challenging environment. Finally, we are confident
that the actions we are taking to be a simpler and more focused company will continue to create long-
term sustainable value for our customers and our shareholders.
And with that, I will turn the call back to the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

John, just to follow up on the updated free cash flow guidance. The -- can you provide a little more color
on how this works? How much of the impact would be related to interest rates and credit, because I know
you mentioned both? And is it as simple as just thinking there would be AAT reserves of around $1 billion
a year for 2020 and 2021 as the right way to think about this? And then just my follow-up would be, you
had a competitor announce a big long-term care reserve charge recently after a regulatory review. Just
want to see whether there's anything similar going on with New York regulators in MetLife?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

So on the first question, let me start by saying, I wouldn't call it guidance, right? This is -- let's just be
clear what our objective here is: To provide a scenario, we anchored it on some data or market data
as of March 31. So it was really to provide a scenario of free cash flow. And one, we're considering
a level of credit losses and downgrades based on our bottom-up analysis that our investment team
has been working through and monitoring and thinking it will play out over a 12- to 24-month period.
And two, looking at the potential impact of New York cash flow testing requirements using last year's
requirements. And remember, we get a special consideration letter every year and then considering any
new requirements that we're aware of. And so there, we applied those factors to estimate some level of
cash flow testing reserves, again, based on March 31 macro factors. And as I said, Steve and team put
forth a bottoms-up review to evaluate a range of credit losses.

And for cash flow testing, we picked a point more stressful than where we are today, that being March
31, where interest rates -- while interest rates are similar, credit spreads were wider back then, equity
markets were lower then. I would also point you to just directionally the shape of the curve is more
favorable. Actually, it's more favorable than, I'd say, our year-end base case we used at the outlook call,
just given the shape of the curve, given the significant drop in the short end. And then also, as I said,
credit spreads, they're important as well in this, and they have narrowed since March 31.

So I think it's important that -- to also know that we get this letter every year. The letter we -- the
requirements were used from last year's letter was based on a different macroeconomic environment. So
we're -- every year, we work through with New York in a constructive way, and we're cautiously optimistic
we'll come to a reasonable place, but we wanted to give some sensitivity. And I think the other thing I
would just add -- this is, I would say, consistent with the direction that we've given in the past, right?
We've said that our free cash flow range of 65% to 75% holds with a 10-year treasury of 1.5% to 4.5%.
And then as rates go below that, we would expect that to decline for a year or 2-year average, I should
say. And I think that's kind of what we're trying to share here.

And then LTC. So yes, look, I don't -- I'm not going to comment on someone else's situation. For us, we
work with New York every year. So we -- I wouldn't say there's anything in particular for us. And we're
always looking at our reserves, and there's nothing to point out different than what we've seen in every
year.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

All right. Just one quick follow-up, if I could. Is the plan to stay paused with buyback? Or any color you
can give on what you're thinking about the buyback?

Michel Abbas Khalaf

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

CEO, President & Director

Tom, it's Michel. So as John mentioned, we completed $500 million in Q1, buybacks in Q1. We have
$485 million left on our current authorization. Since early March, just given the stressed environment,
we've been prudent to preserve and maintain capital and maintain optionality. There's no change in our
philosophy, I would say, in terms of -- excess capital belongs to shareholders. We'd expect to distribute
all free cash flow in the form of dividends and share buybacks while maintaining sufficient liquidity for
stress events. Also, if you think about our liquidity buffer, $3 billion to $4 billion, we're maintaining cash in
excess of that, given the uncertain economic environment. And again, we believe that that's the prudent
thing to do. So we're going to continue to evaluate the situation. We'll assess our liquidity position based
on business and macro conditions. And we'll sort of -- we're in a -- I would say, we've hit the pause button
for the time being, but we'll continue to monitor things and decide when would be an appropriate time to
resume buybacks.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger from KBW.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Back to the free cash flow generation. I just want to maybe just clarify one thing. If rates remain low as
in the scenario that you expressed, would that basically create 1 year of additional asset adequacy testing
reserves to account for that? And then after you made that reserve addition, you'd go back more towards
normal cash flow afterwards?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Ryan, it's John. Yes, I think that's fair. As I said, again, those were off of March 31 rates. Rates are
different today. It's an estimate. We haven't -- that we apply. We go through a much more longer process
to get to the final reserve number. So again, that's why there's a wide range there of outcomes. But I
think directionally, the way to think of it is, it has an impact on 1 year's free cash flow.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then on your commercial mortgage loan portfolio, can you give us any statistics on kind of
forbearance requests? And how much has been granted so far?

Steven Jeffrey Goulart
Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer

Ryan, it's Steve Goulart. Sure. I mean, obviously, we've been expecting to see elevated activity in this. I'll
start by reminding you and everyone else, about the portfolio itself, $50 billion of commercial mortgages
with a loan-to-value ratio of 55% for the entire portfolio, 2.4x debt service coverage. So again, a very
secure, low-risk portfolio in our mind.

Obviously, in this time, we are seeing elevated requests, as you'd expect, particularly in retail and hotels
for forbearance requests. We have been getting requests. We have a committee that deals with each
and every one. Certainly, we believe that some of these make sense to grant and that's what we've been
doing. 90% of the requests have come from hotel and retail. And they're typically for deferral of interest
and/or principal, and typically, what we've been granting is in the range of 3 to 4 months of forbearance.
And remember, it's forbearance, not forgiveness. So we do expect that these will always be paid. And
by the way, we saw virtually no impact on April payments for the portfolio overall. But basically, we've
granted forbearance on essentially sort of just less than 2% of the total premium balance outstanding at
this point in time.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Got it. And then in April, you had almost all of the loans pay?

Steven Jeffrey Goulart
Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer

Correct.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.

Nigel Phillip Dally
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

A question on group insurance. Should we be expecting some deterioration in the margins given the spike
in unemployment? I know it's typically related to disability claims. I just wanted to get your perspective as
to whether that's a headwind we should be watching out for?

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S. Business

Nigel, it's Ramy here. Well, maybe just on underwriting, stepping back and giving you an overall context
across the U.S. business. We do have significant diversification across the U.S. business. So think about
mortality and longevity across the group and the RIS businesses. And then we also have diversification
within each one of those businesses. So if you were to focus on group, to your question, the current
environment is leading to various offsets and give and takes across the product lines. We are seeing
favorable impacts in dental, given the lower utilization. We're seeing actually unfavorable impacts on
the life block. And I would say, to date, on the short-term disability block, it's been a push. We've seen
an increased number of COVID-related incidents but that's been more than offset in a decrease in other
short-term disability claims, so think issues like elective surgeries and the like. So at this stage, while
there's still some uncertainty, I mean, relating to the overall number of deaths in the U.S. and the impact
on the insured population versus the general population, it's very reasonable to expect at this stage that
the overall impact would more or less offset each other on a full year basis.

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Maybe I'll just add to a couple of points to what Ramy mentioned so -- because you referenced, I think,
unemployment, Nigel. And so a couple of things to point out here. One is that the segment that's been
hardest hit, which is small business. I think our total premiums there are at $1 billion. So it's not a major
component of our current portfolio. And two, if you think about our disability business, it's 11%, as we
showed on Investor Day of our total earnings. So -- and obviously, there, we've been also taking steps
from a pricing perspective in terms of the guarantees that we provide on -- from a rate perspective to
make sure that we are also well positioned for a downturn scenario.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I had a couple of questions. First, on your investment portfolio, can you discuss if you've run any stress
test on what would happen to your capital and/or your RBC ratio in sort of a mild recession, deep
recession? I appreciate your comments in terms of qualitatively. But anything that you're able to share in
terms of numbers on that?

Steven Jeffrey Goulart
Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Jimmy, it's Steve Goulart again. Let me start by just reminding everybody, I know you probably think I
sound like a broken record when I do this, but we've been prepositioning this portfolio for a downturn
since 2018. And that's been our outlook -- remember what we talked about at Investor Day, John updated
some of those slides. But even going back to Investor Day, we've continued to reduce sectors that we
were very concerned about: below investment grade, we reduced by another $600 million since Investor
Day; bank loans, also another $600 million since Investor Day. And I think I would have to say, and I
think anybody you talk to involved in investments, would say that we've entered this crisis period in better
shape than we probably ever have in the past. So we're very comfortable moving into it. John showed a
slide about sensitive sectors and the like.

We've been analyzing the portfolio a number of different ways. We run it through a number of different
tests and lenses. Frankly, many of you out there have actually conducted your own reviews. We actually
go through every one of those in detail and just sort of compare to our own. We've done longer-term
analyses using external models from the rating agencies and other outside experts. We've done a
portfolio, kind of, top-down approach comparing the portfolio now to previous crises and downturns,
emphasizing the sensitive exposures and how the portfolio has changed since those crises and imputing
our historical default and loss experiences in those time periods. But John mentioned what we've actually
spent the most time on is a real specific bottom-up individual exposure analysis by our credit and real
estate research teams. Again, our core strength is in credit and structured underwriting, and we've been
using them to really go through the portfolio to help us assess this. And the result is a very granular
assessment of our exposures we think are vulnerable to downgrades and losses.

And in this analysis, particularly, we really thought of it in 2 ways. One is sort of a nearer-term recovery.
Does the economy start opening up, say, sometime in the summer, into the summer? Or really, is it kind
of a year-end scenario before the economy starts reopening? And the bottom-line assessment is based on
what we foresee today. The impact of downgrades and possible losses on our capital in these scenarios is
very manageable. That analysis put possible losses of up to $1.4 billion over time, as John said, likely to
occur over kind of a 12- to 24-month period. And the impact on RBC from downgrades in that, we would
estimate also up to about 25 basis points as well.

So what I'd say, again, is we've been preparing for this. In this environment, we expect losses and
downgrades above normal. But based on the prepositioning we've done and based on what we now today,
we feel very comfortable and think our position is very sound.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And just one on the retirement business. Normally, you'd assume in a low rate environment, your
spreads would actually be going down, but they've held in pretty well so -- and I'm assuming some of
that's because of the benefit of this steeper yield curve. So assuming rates stay around here and the yield
curves as steep as it is, would you expect your spread to hold up or potentially improve from these levels?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Jimmy, it's John. So yes, spreads were in line with what we've kind of been forecasting for the last few
quarters as we said before and coming in at 114 basis points, but ex VII, 83 basis points. And we'll
expect, given VII returns in Q2 that this will take our overall spread down and -- in Q2. And just as a
frame of reference for VII, 85% to 90% of our VII comes through 3 segments: it's RIS, MLH and Asia, and
it's roughly 1/3 each.

But let me focus on how the shape of the curve is improving spreads ex VII. And again, I think this
highlights some of the diversification that we have in our business products and the tools that we have
to deploy in different environments. And so we think for the remainder of this year, we would expect kind
of 5 to 10 basis points improvement as a result of the -- how the curve has changed, particularly even
since March. I mean if you just look at LIBOR, I think it's down 100 basis points since the end of the first
quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

And then maybe just to give you a quick update then on sensitivities because I know we gave those to you
back at the outlook call. So now where LIBOR is, which is below 50 basis points, our sensitivity would be
for every 10 bps move, it would be $10 million plus or minus, depending on whether it goes up or down.
The long-term sensitivity doesn't change but the near term one does. So it almost doubles. So anyway, I
thought I'd just provide that color as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first question, in the past, you guys have been asked about potential transactions within MetLife
Holdings. You've also -- been some speculation surrounding some sales of certain overseas businesses.
So how does the current environment, including lower rates kind of impact the potential for transactions?
And would you guys just -- are you guys looking at deals, I guess, and could potentially free up capital
between either of those 2 routes?

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Elyse, it's John. Yes, look, we've said this before because I don't think we're necessarily -- I know it's
lower rates, but we've been in low rate environments for some time now, and they've gotten lower,
certainly, over the last 12-plus months. And so it does put some pressure on that bid-ask spread as we've
talked about in holdings. And -- but what we've said before is that these are complex blocks of business.
And what we always urge the team to do is make sure we're continuing to take an external perspective,
doing the work now because if things were to change and those pricing points were to converge a little
more, maybe supply gets even that much greater, there could be a various -- a variety of things. We want
to be ready and opportunistic if something makes sense for us. But I'd say, just all else equal, yes, lower
rates puts pressure on doing something in holdings at this juncture.

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

And just maybe more broadly, Elyse, I would sort of add that, obviously, a more challenging macro
environment, we cannot ignore that. But it doesn't change our approach to sort of M&A in terms of how
we view it. We continue to constantly look at our portfolio and also think through timing and what does
-- when does it make sense to maybe do something. So certainly, the environment makes M&A more
challenging, I would say, broadly speaking, but it doesn't mean that we stop the work that we do in terms
of assessing our businesses. And also, there might be opportunities coming out of this crisis that certainly
we'll spend time also thinking through.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then in terms of PRT, can you just provide us on the outlook for that business? I would also
think that there's probably been somewhat of an impact on deal flows, just given the low interest rate
environment as well.

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S. Business

Sure. And in terms of the overall pipeline, it has slowed due to the overall environment. A number of
drivers within that, including the funding levels, the volatility in the capital markets, and frankly, the
priorities of treasury and HR teams in the context of the pandemic. So we've seen a few deals that were
pulled out or put on hold in the first quarter, and we're seeing a somewhat lighter pipeline. If activity were
to kind of pick back up in the second half of the year, we expect to get our fair share. And I'd remind you
that we were a top 3 player in that market last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

But when you think of RIS, again, remember, RIS has a lot more than PRT in it. PRT is one product line
in the context of a diversified context. And as Michel and John referenced, we've seen a substantial pick
up in our Stable Value business in the last quarter, and we're seeing very healthy over -- year-over-year
increase in the liability balances. And certainly for the full year in terms of liability balances, we'd expect to
still be within the guidance range that we've talked about.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

In the group business, can you help us think about the potential impact on premiums from the current
environment? And how quickly would you start to see an impact? And does this differ materially by plan
size?

Ramy Tadros
Executive VP & President of U.S. Business

Sure. Let me just maybe start by profiling the overall PFO mix and then talk about some of the dynamics
coming out of that. So remember, 75% of our PFOs are coming from national accounts, so think large
employers. And when you think about the headline unemployment numbers there that you're seeing in
the economy, those have really disproportionately impact smaller employers, part-time workers and the
like. And the other dynamic in our national accounts book that's important is that the ultimate impact that
we would actually see is going to be also influenced by the benefit practices of certain large employers.
So you've seen examples where employers have continued to provide benefits for furloughed workers. So
that's kind of one just triangulation point for you.

The other piece, when you think about top line for this business is that we have a diversified book by
industry and geography. And just like what we do in the credit portfolio, we've done the same thing here
in terms of looking at industries, which are most at risk in terms of unemployment levels and benefits
being cut. And that percentage is just shy of 10% of our entire book. So as an example, hotels and leisure
is less than 2%.

So you put all of that together, you put the fact that we're getting strong persistency above our
expectations, we're getting good renewal actions at expectations. You put all of that together, we'll see
some headwinds to PFOs related to overall unemployment. But I would say we would still see some PFO
growth for the full year, albeit modest and likely shy of the 4% to 6% range that we've talked about, but
nevertheless, we will see growth.

Two other points just to bear in mind as you think about the timing. We have implemented a premium
credit in our dental business for the months of April and May, given the significant drop in utilization
of dental services. And we will align the dental premiums for the balance of 2020 with the expected
utilization of services. So when you think about our Q2 number, we will be shifting some revenue
recognition from Q2 to the second half of the year. And the second point to highlight here, again, in the
context of $1 billion or so voluntary business that we talked about on our Investor Day, we talked about
a 30% CAGR in that business, historically. We're still expecting for 2020 to still see double-digit CAGR
in PFOs for voluntary. And while unemployment levels are a headwind, we have tailwinds here. We have
increased awareness of the needs of -- for this product, and we're starting from a place where there's
relatively low penetration of these products with the employee population.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

That's very helpful color. And then one for John, as we think about your GAAP interest rate assumption, is
the sensitivity to changes still in line with what you've discussed in the past of roughly $50 million per 25
basis point change? And is there a level where that kind of linearity changes, and I guess, loss recognition
could become an issue for any of the blocks?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

So I'd say, to start, the answer -- you kind of outlined it pretty well. In the beginning, the first few 25
bps reduction would be fairly consistent and then it would begin to grow. So if you said maybe the first
-- don't take this for like we've modeled it exactly, but let's say, the first 2 are roughly $50 million. And
then if you move to another -- the next 100 basis points, it would start to grow a little more each time.
Look, we've actually done some sizing, rough sizing, and this isn't something that we're -- there should be
no indication of us making any change ahead of time or not. But we've looked at if it was 150 basis point
move down, that would roughly be somewhere between $400 million and $450 million of an impact and
no loss recognition testing impact still. So we've done some stress and sensitivities, but that's our best
estimates at this time.

Operator

And at this time, I'd like to turn it back to Michel Khalaf for any closing comments.

Michel Abbas Khalaf
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, operator. When I took the job of CEO just over a year ago, I envisioned a lot of things
happening during my first year on the job. The coronavirus was not one of them. At a time when we all
need silver linings, mine is how MetLife's employees have stepped up for our customers. It's fashionable
for companies to say they are purpose driven. The team at MetLife really walks the talk. I'm so privileged
to lead this company at a time when we're making such a critical difference in peoples' lives. Thank you
for listening. Please stay safe. And have a good day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

METLIFE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

