Moderna, Inc. NasdaqGS:MRNA
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 05, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

5.86

6.46

Revenue  (mm)

4233.41

4354.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2021 6:15 PM GMT

10.24

2.85

7.74

25.67

18.93

5980.22

19117.32

15812.24

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.37)

(0.36)

2.47

5.86

(0.59)

(0.69)

2.84

6.46

NM

NM

14.98 %

10.24 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

16

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Corinne M. Le Goff
Chief Commercial Officer

David W. Meline
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President of Infectious
Disease Development

Lavina Talukdar
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Stephen Hoge
President

ANALYSTS

Edward Andrew Tenthoff
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Huidong Wang
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Moderna's Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be
advised that the call is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Lavina Talukdar, Head of Investor Relations at Moderna.
Please proceed.

Lavina Talukdar
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss
Moderna's Second Quarter 2021 Financial Results and Business Update. You can access the press release
issued this morning as well as the slides that we'll be reviewing by going to the Investors section of our
website.

On today's call are Stéphane Bancel, our Chief Executive Officer; David Meline, our Chief Financial
Officer; Stephen Hoge, our President; Paul Burton, our Chief Medical Officer; Corinne Le Goff, our Chief
Commercial Officer; and Jackie Miller, our Senior Vice President, Therapeutic Head of Infectious Diseases.

Before we begin, please note that this conference call will include forward-looking statements made
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Private Litigations Reform Act of 1995. Please see Slide 2 of the
accompanying presentation and our SEC filings for important risk factors that could cause our performance
and results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. On
Slide 3, please see the important indication and information for our COVID-19 vaccine, which has been
authorized for emergency use in the United States and in many countries around the world.

I will now turn the call over to Stéphane.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Lavina. Good morning or good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Q2 2021 conference
call. Today, I will start by a quick business review of our quarter before Corinne walks you through the
commercial update. David will present the key financials. Stephen and Jackie will provide the clinical
update highlighting new human data about the final analysis for COVID-19 vaccine Phase III COVE study
and human data for COVID-19 booster candidate Phase II. I will then come back to close to share some
thoughts about where we are heading.

Let me start with Moderna COVID-19 or Spikevax. We are pleased to announce today that our final
analysis vaccine efficacy of the Phase III COVE study is holding very nicely at 93%. We are starting to get
authorizations for adolescent indication 12 to 17 years of age, receiving authorization in Japan this week
and the positive recommendation from the European Medicines Agency in July.

An important step towards our vision of an annual respiratory combination booster is the start of a Phase
I/II for mRNA-1010, which is a quadrivalent seasonal flu vaccine. Our teams are already preparing the
Phase II/III for this program.

We were delighted to get Fast Track Designation from the U.S. FDA for our RSV vaccine candidate,
mRNA-1345, in adults over 60 years of age. There is no approved RSV vaccine. The burden for RSV
infection is very high. In adults over 65 years of age, according to the CDC, 177,000 of hospitalizations
and around 14,000 deaths occur annually in the U.S. due to RSV. Our teams are also preparing a Phase II/
III for this program.

Our Zika vaccine has now moved to Phase II. mRNA-3927 for propionic acidemia, or PA, a rare genetic
disease, has also started dosing patients in our Phase I/II. And we are pleased to announce recently that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

we started dosing healthy volunteers in our first autoimmune disease program, mRNA-6231, coding for
IL-2.

So Moderna is now in the clinic in 5 large therapeutic areas: infectious diseases, cancer, cardiology,
autoimmune disease and rare genetics diseases. We have a strong pipeline momentum, and the research
teams are working hard to bring the next wave of development candidates to the clinic.

Moving to Slide 6. We have also a strong commercial momentum. Let me start by giving you an update
about Advanced Purchase Agreements, or APA, for our COVID-19 vaccine, Spikevax. For fiscal year 2021,
we have now signed APAs for $20 billion versus $19.2 billion announced in our Q1 call. We are now
capacity constrained for 2021, and we are not taking any more orders for 2021 delivery.

For fiscal year 2022, we have already signed APAs for $12 billion. We have also signed an additional $8
billion in options. We are having numerous discussions ongoing as we speak with countries around the
world to enter into new APAs for 2022. We'll continue to give you updates on a regular basis. What is very
interesting to see is that forward-thinking countries, like Israel and Switzerland, have already signed APAs
for 2023 to ensure supply for the endemic market.

On the financial front, we delivered $4.4 billion of revenue and $2.8 billion of net income. The cash
generation in the quarter was strong at around $4 billion, bringing our cash balance to over $12 billion at
the end of June.

We're also announcing today our first share buyback plan. Our Board of Directors has authorized a share
repurchase for up to $1 billion. David and I will give you more color in a few minutes.

For 2021, we continue to forecast supply between 800 million and 1 billion doses. For 2022, we forecast
supply between 2 billion to 3 billion doses, depending on the final dose approved by the regulators for our
booster: at 50 micrograms up to 3 billion doses, at 100 micrograms up to 2 billion.

As we continue focusing on scaling the company, I am delighted to have 3 new executive committee
members who joined recently. By start date at the company: Shannon Klinger as our Chief Legal Officer
and Corporate Secretary. She joined us from Novartis, where she was the Chief Legal Officer. Mr. Paul
Burton, our Chief Medical Officer, he joined us from Janssen Pharmaceuticals, a Johnson & Johnson
company, where he was Chief Global Medical Affair Officer. And most recently, Kate Cronin has our newly
created role of Chief Brand Officer. Kate was, until recently, the CEO of Ogilvy Health. I look forward to
working closely with Shannon, Paul and Kate as we scale Moderna to the next level.

On Slide 9, you will find our usual summary slide. A few important things to note. We are now preparing
Phase II/III for quadrivalent seasonal flu and our RSV program. Our team continues to grow as we
increase manufacturing capacity for COVID-19 vaccine as we move programs from early-stage clinical
study to late-stage clinical studies, and as we increase investment in research for the next wave of
development candidates.

Let me now turn to Corinne to give you a commercial update. Corinne?

Corinne M. Le Goff
Chief Commercial Officer

Thank you, Stéphane, and good morning or good afternoon, everyone. I am happy to share the productive
quarter the commercial organization has had in the second quarter that continues into today, as we ramp
up our efforts to supply the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine, or Spikevax, to countries around the world.

Let me start by recapping the Advanced Purchase Agreements that we have signed for delivery in 2021
on Slide 11. Since the last quarterly call, I am very happy to highlight that we have signed APAs with
COVAX for 34 million doses this year; an additional 110 million doses to the USG, bringing the total of
doses for the United States to about 400 million doses; and 10 million doses to Australia for delivery in
2021. In total, we anticipate up to $20 billion in sales from these agreements as we deliver against them
throughout the remainder of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

We are proud to distribute our vaccine directly or through our network of partners across all continents
and, most importantly, to ensure access to our vaccines to all countries regardless of their income level,
notably through the COVAX facility structure. I also want to mention that we are doing our utmost to -- in
supporting the U.S. government to execute the donations of Moderna doses of vaccines.

Slide 12 list outs signed APAs for deliveries in 2022 and even in 2023. The construct of the APAs signed for
'22 and '23 include both confirmed orders as well as options to be triggered at a future date. To date, we
have already contracted for 22 product sales of $12 billion and an additional $8 billion in options.

Some of these APAs are for primary series vaccines, and others are for potential boosters. In light of the
possibility of needing booster vaccines to increase immune responses against waning immunity and the
emergence of variants of concern, Moderna has already started our COVID booster strategy that Stephen
will speak to shortly.

In the meantime, the commercial team is currently engaged in multiple conversations that are gaining
urgency as we watch the Delta variant surge among unvaccinated populations. We are notably actively
talking to many countries in South America, in Asia and in the Middle East. All these countries are keenly
interested in securing both primary series vaccines or booster vaccines for their citizens next year.

In the United States, as you know, Moderna has initiated the rolling submission process for BLA approval
and expects to complete its submission in August. This approval will represent an important milestone
in achieving herd immunity as it might help combat vaccine hesitancy. It will also allow the commercial
organization to start preparing for the private U.S. market.

Turning to Slide 13, which reviews the sales breakout for the second quarter '21. Total product sales in the
quarter were $4.2 billion, representing 199 million doses delivered in the quarter. Sales in the U.S. were
$2.1 billion, representing 126 million doses delivered to the U.S. government. And sales to the rest of the
world -- to the countries that are listed on this slide, were also $2.1 billion, representing 73 million doses
delivered in the quarter.

And with that, let me hand it over to David to take you through the financial details.

David W. Meline
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer

Okay. Thank you, Corinne. We're providing today the analysis of actual 2021 second quarter results, along
with an updated view of key drivers of financial performance going forward. As in previous quarters, we
are presenting our results primarily on a U.S. GAAP basis. In some cases, we also provide additional detail
to provide greater clarity on underlying trends.

Turn now please to Slide 15. The transformation of Moderna from an R&D-focused biotech to a commercial
company is very apparent when reviewing our financial results. The comparison of the second quarter of
2021 to prior year is not as meaningful due to our dynamic growth, which is why we'll primarily focus on
the quarter-over-quarter comparison relative to Q1 on this slide.

Total revenue was $4.4 billion in the second quarter of 2021 compared to $1.9 billion in Q1. The increase
of total revenue is primarily resulting from the sale of the company's COVID-19 vaccine. Product sales in
Q2 were $4.2 billion compared to $1.7 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 142%.

Cost of sales were $750 million or 18% of the company's product sales in the second quarter compared
to $193 million in the first quarter. Research and development expenses were $421 million in Q2 2021
compared to $401 million in Q1 and $152 million in the same period in 2020. The higher spend versus
prior quarter and prior year was driven by increased COVID-19 vaccine clinical development activities,
including our announced efforts around booster, variant-specific and multivalent vaccine candidates.

Selling, general and administrative expenses were $121 million for Q2 compared to $77 million for the
prior quarter. The growth in spending was driven by commercialization of our COVID-19 vaccine globally
with the biggest increases being in personnel and outside services. Provision for income taxes was $283

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

million in Q2 after $39 million in Q1 and an insignificant amount in the prior year. Our effective tax rate for
Q2 was 9%.

Let me remind you of the following. The significant investments to develop the mRNA platform over the
last decade resulted in a net operating loss carryforward with a balance of $2.3 billion at the end of 2020.
As of December 31, we maintained a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets related to
these loss carryforwards.

As discussed in our last call, we started to release the valuation allowance this year. The majority of the
allowance will flow through the P&L over the course of this year through our effective tax rate, pro rated
based on the cadence of our expected pretax quarterly earnings. Over the course of 2021, the resulting
nonrecurring benefit due to the release of the valuation allowance is about 5 percentage points on our
effective tax rate.

Our Q2 effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. statutory rate, primarily due to the benefit related to the
release of the valuation allowance, the foreign-derived intangible income deduction as well as a discrete
item for excess tax deductions related to stock-based compensation. We recorded net income of $2.8
billion in Q2 after $1.2 billion in Q1, an increase of 128%. Diluted earnings per share for Q2 were $6.46.

Turning now to year-to-date financial results compared to prior year on Slide 16. Total revenue was
$6.3 billion for the 6 months ended June 30 compared to $75 million for the same period in 2020. The
significant growth was driven by the sales of 302 million doses of the company's COVID-19 vaccine.
Cost of sales was $943 million or 16% of the company's product sales for the 6 months ended June 30,
including third-party royalties of $232 million. Reported cost of sales was reduced by 3 percentage points
due to the consumption of previously expensed inventory of approximately $200 million.

Research and development expenses were $822 million for the 6 months ended June 30 compared to
$267 million for the same period in 2020. The growth in spending in '21 was largely driven by increased
mRNA-1273 clinical development and headcount.

Selling, general and administrative expenses were $198 million for the 6 months ended June 30,
compared to $61 million for the same period in 2020. The growth in spending in 2021 was mainly
attributable to the company's COVID-19 vaccine commercialization activities.

For the 6 months ended June 30, we recorded provision for income taxes of $322 million compared to an
insignificant amount for the period in 2020. Our effective tax rate for the 6 months ended June 30 was
7%. It was lower than the U.S. statutory rate, primarily due to the nonrecurring benefit related to the
release of the valuation allowance, the ongoing benefit of the foreign-derived intangible income deduction
as well as a discrete item for excess tax deductions related to stock-based compensation.

Net income was $4 billion for the 6 months ended June 30 compared to a net loss of $241 million for the
same period in 2020. Diluted earnings per share were $9.30 for the 6 months ended June 30, 2021.

Turning to cash and selected cash flow information on Slide 17. We ended Q2 with cash and investments
of $12.2 billion compared to $8.2 billion at the end of Q1. The increase is driven by our commercial sales
and additional customer deposits received in the second quarter for future purchases of our COVID-19
vaccine.

Net cash provided by operating activities was $4.1 billion in Q2 after $3 billion in Q1, totaling then $7
billion year-to-date. This compares to net cash used in operating activities of $130 million in the prior
year. Cash used for purchase of property and equipment was $65 million for the 6 months ended June 30
compared to $25 million for the same period in 2020.

Similar to last quarter, before providing an updated financial framework for the remainder of 2021,
let me point out a few areas that are important to keep in mind when modeling expected '21
financial performance, starting with cost of sales on Slide 18. Cost of sales includes the cost of goods
manufactured, third-party royalties as well as logistics and warehousing costs. As you may recall, we
began capitalizing our COVID-19 vaccine inventory cost in December 2020 following Emergency Use

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Authorization. Prior to the authorization, inventory costs were recorded as research and development
expenses in the period incurred.

In Q1, a zero-cost inventory balance of $184 million was sold and benefited our cost of sales. If inventory
sold during the first quarter was valued at actual cost, our cost of sales would have been $377 million or
22% of product sales.

In Q2, cost of sales of $750 million or 18% of product sales were no longer materially impacted by the
zero-cost inventory, hence, the relevant comparison is the adjusted ratio in Q1. The reduction of cost of
sales as a percent of product sales when comparing to the adjusted cost of sales in Q1 is primarily driven
by a customer mix-driven increase in our average selling price during the second quarter.

Now turning to our cash and investment position on Slide 19. The cash and investment balance reported
as of June 30 was $12.2 billion, up from $8.2 billion as of March 31. The increase is driven by our
commercial activities, including net increase in customer deposits for future product supply of COVID-19
vaccine. The net cash balance of customer deposits increased from $5.6 billion at the end of Q1 to $6.8
billion as of June 30.

Turning to Slide 20. I wanted to share our capital allocation priorities. We seek to optimize our capital
deployment and maximize long-term shareholder returns. Our top investment priority will continue to be
reinvesting in the base business across multiple areas.

For R&D, we have more than tripled spending in the first half of 2021 relative to the prior year, and we will
continue to significantly increase spending in this area to advance and accelerate our pipeline.

For manufacturing, we previously disclosed our 2021 capital expenditure plans, which will allow us to
increase our production capacity. Additionally, we are investing heavily in digital, automation and AI as
well as scaling up our global commercial operations, which will allow us to maximize the impact of our
mRNA platform.

Our second investment priority is to seek attractive external investment and collaboration opportunities to
further expand the reach of Moderna's technology and capabilities. We are considering attractive, strategic
opportunities that enable and complement our platform and take a disciplined approach in evaluating
potential outside investments.

After evaluating internal and external investment opportunities, we then assess additional uses of cash. As
part of today's press release, we announced that the Board has authorized a $1 billion share repurchase
program. This program is authorized for a 2-year period. Based on the strength of our financial results for
the first half of the year and our confidence in our business outlook, we believe it is an appropriate time to
initiate this program.

Turning now to the 2021 updated financial framework on Slide 21. Signed Advanced Purchase Agreements
for expected delivery in 2021 reflect the current full year total of approximately $20 billion in anticipated
product sales, including the $5.9 billion of product sales already generated in the first half of this year. For
the full year, we continue to expect a minimum supply of 800 million doses at the 100 microgram dose
level. Our manufacturing team and our partners continue working to supply up to 1 billion doses for 2021.

We have signed Advanced Purchase Agreements for expected delivery in 2022 for total product sales of
approximately $12 billion and options for an additional $8 billion. Numerous additional negotiations are
still ongoing for 2022 APAs. We have also started to sign APAs for 2023.

As we previously announced, we continue to make investments to increase our supply of vaccine,
including by working with contract manufacturing organizations. We currently anticipate that our supply
could be as high as 3 billion doses for 2022 if our sales are primarily at a 50 microgram dose level. If sales
are primarily at the 100 microgram dose level, we anticipate that supply will be approximately up to 2
billion doses. The ultimate approach on dosage levels for 2022 and where we might end up in that range
is subject to ongoing internal review as well as discussions with regulators and customers and will also be
impacted by the mix of primary and booster series.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Our total cost of sales includes the cost of goods manufactured, third-party royalties as well as logistics
and warehousing costs. For 2021, we now expect the average cost total of sales as a percent of product
sales to be between 18% to 20% compared to our previous outlook of approximately 20% of product
sales. This reflects the successful ramp-up of this global manufacturing network.

With regard to planned R&D and SG&A expenses, Q2 expenses of approximately $542 million reflect a
quarter-over-quarter increase of 13%, in line with the outlook we gave in Q1. We continue to plan for an
increase on a quarter-over-quarter basis for the remainder of this year and expect this growth rate to
accelerate as the business rapidly expands.

Based on further increased visibility of the utilization of our accumulated net operating loss carryforward,
expected global sales mix and the mentioned discrete benefits in the first half of this year, we now expect
our all-in 2021 tax rate to be approximately 10%. This compares to our previous forecast in the low-teen
range. This forecast is based on current U.S. tax policy and does not include any future potential discrete
benefits related to stock-based compensation. Finally, regarding capital investments, we maintained our
forecast for a range of $450 million to $550 million, including the planned capacity expansion investments
as announced on April 29 of this year.

This concludes my remarks, and I turn the call over to Jackie Miller.

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President of Infectious Disease Development

Yes. Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. My name is Jacqueline Miller, and I lead the therapeutic
area for infectious diseases. And it's my pleasure today to give you an update to the ongoing accumulation
of data in our Phase III clinical study and also to talk about some of the publications of real-world
evidence that have occurred outside of Moderna with the use of our COVID-19 vaccine.

So on Slide 24, a you'll see the top line updates to our COVE efficacy trial. And these are efficacy data
that have now been followed through 4 to 6 months after subjects received their second vaccination
of either mRNA-1273 or placebo. Recall that at the time of our EUA submission, our primary efficacy
analysis demonstrated efficacy to COVID-19 of 94.1%. Now 4 to 6 months after second dose, we see
a maintenance of that efficacy of 93.2% with a lower limit of the 95% confidence interval of 91%. We
continue to maintain efficacy against severe COVID-19 disease with updated vaccine efficacy of 98.2%
and currently have 100% of efficacy against death caused by COVID-19. So unfortunately, there were 3
deaths in the placebo group and up till now, none in the mRNA-1273 group.

We continue to see consistency in our subgroup analyses, including analyses by gender, by race and by
preexisting medical condition. Our safety profile continues to be consistent with the Phase III data over
the longer period of safety follow-up and also continues to be consistent across population subgroups.

Next slide, please, on Slide 25. You'll see the efficacy data broken out by time interval. And so what you
see at the top of the table is the overall efficacy we just discussed. According to the primary end point, we
start measuring vaccine efficacy at 14 days after dose 2. And again, that's 93.1%.

If you look between 14 days post dose 2 to less than 2 months after dose 2, we observed vaccine efficacy
of 91.8% and 94% if you look 2 months after dose 2 to less than 4 months after dose 2. And finally,
greater than 4 months after dose 2, we observed 92.4% efficacy. And the conclusion we take from these
data is that our efficacy has remained consistently high and durable throughout the period of follow-up.

And we intend to continue to follow these data now that the trial is in its open-label phase. The reports will
be different moving forward, given that subjects in the placebo group have recently been vaccinated, but
we think it's important that we continue to see -- to follow as subjects remain further out from their initial
vaccination.

So if you go to Slide 26, you'll see that these data have been consistent also in studies outside of the
Moderna clinical trial. So we begin to see real-world effectiveness data that demonstrate that Moderna
maintains effectiveness consistent with what was seen in the COVE study. There are reports from Canada,
from the United Kingdom and from Qatar. And importantly, these trials confirm that there is vaccine

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

effectiveness, not only against the Wuhan strain, but also against emerging variants of concern, including
the Alpha, Beta, Gamma and Delta variants, and this is even after partial vaccination or vaccination with a
single dose.

So if you move to Slide 27, I'm now going to hand over the presentation to Stephen Hoge, who will review
our COVID-19 booster strategy and clinical data as well as a review of our pipeline. Stephen?

Stephen Hoge
President

Thank you, Jackie. So moving on to Slide 28. I want to start with an update of our perspective on
COVID-19 and how it's impacting our strategy for boosters.

So first, our emerging perspective. We believe today that the increased force of infection that's resulting
from the Delta variant, fatigue with non-pharmaceutical interventions and the seasonal effects of moving
indoors will eventually lead to an increase in breakthrough infections in vaccinated individuals. In fact,
there have been reports of that already.

While we see durable Phase III efficacy through 6 months, which Jackie just described, we do expect that
neutralizing titers will continue to wane and, eventually, that will impact vaccine efficacy. So given this
intersection between a rising force of infection and waning immunity, we believe a dose 3 of a booster will
likely be necessary to keep us as safe as possible through the winter season in the Northern Hemisphere.

So how has that informed our booster strategy? Well, our primary approach since early this year has been
to advance a portfolio of booster candidates against all of the potential emerging variants of concern. And
so we have a large number of ongoing clinical studies, and I'll provide some update on some today.

Those boosters are being evaluated often at 2 different dose levels: 50 micrograms and 100 micrograms.
And they fall broadly into 3 categories. First is our prototype vaccine, mRNA-1273, for which Jackie just
described the primary efficacy data out of our Phase III study. Second, we are looking at variant-specific
booster candidates, Beta and now a new Delta variant-specific candidate.

And third, we are looking at a multivalent platform, combining different variants into a single vaccine, first,
our mRNA-211 (sic) [ mRNA-1273.211 ] program and now a new mRNA-213 (sic) [ mRNA-1273.213 ]
program, which includes the Delta antigen. The goal of the multivalent platform is to continue to try
and stay ahead of where the virus is going by combining different antigens against emerging variants
of concern. So I'd like to provide a brief update today on the 3 pre-existing programs: MRNA-1273; our
variant-specific booster candidate against the Beta strain, 351; and our first multivalent vaccine, 211.

Moving to Slide 29. I have the comparison of those 3 candidates from our phase 201 study. So quickly,
starting on the left-hand side, looking in the validated clinical assays -- these are the same assays that are
conducted by our collaborators at NIH that were used for our Phase III study and earlier clinical work.

We can look at the wild-type virus neutralization of the 3 different booster approaches. Arrayed left to
right, you see our prototype, 1273; our Beta-specific variant of concern, 1273.351; and the multivalent
combination of 1273 and Beta, which is MRNA-1273.211. As a reminder, all 3 of these were dosed at 50
micrograms. And what I'm showing you on the left-hand side is the pseudovirus neutralization titers in the
validated assays. At day 1, immediately prior to boosting; day 29; and in some cases, day 15.

Now all of the participants in the study have previously received the Moderna vaccine, 2 doses, just as
Jackie had described. And at approximately 6 to 8 months after they had participated in one of our clinical
studies, we offered them a chance for this booster. So you can see at the baseline day 1, 6 to 8 months
after primary series, neutralizing titers are somewhat lower in all 3 cases. With a booster dose of vaccine,
all 3 boosters, we were able to substantially increase the neutralization against the wild-type virus, as
you can see, for 1273, 16.7-fold; approximately 11-fold at both day 15 and day 29 for the Beta variant of
concern; and 38- to 46-fold with the 211 multivalent platform. So that's against the ancestral virus on the
left.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

How do we do against the variants of concern? Well, at the time when we initiated the study, we were
particularly concerned about the B1351 variant, that now it's named Beta variant; and the P1 Gamma
variant. And what we did is we set up assays to evaluate the performance of the booster vaccines 2 weeks
after booster in all of those, and again, compared it against the ancestral virus, D614G that we've used
elsewhere.

What you can see in all 3 cases is when you compare the boosting that's happening and compare that
to the level of titers, neutralizing titers that was seen in each of those groups of people, against their 2
month -- 1 month post their second dose, you can see strong boosting against all the variants of concern
by all 3 booster strategies. In fact, it's very encouraging to see that 1273, our prototype vaccine, was able
to increase titers against the 351 strain and the P1 Gamma strain.

Now as you look to the left, you'll see the level of boosting might be slightly higher with our multivalent
platform, which is directionally higher titers, particularly against the 351 and P1 stream. But overall, the
boosting remains strong across all 3 variants of -- all 3 approaches.

And as a result of this data, we've made the determination that against these variants of concern, we
believe the prototype vaccine, mRNA-1273, is more than sufficient as a booster and that there's no
obvious advantage to working with the Beta-including variant boosters at this time. It's also worth noting
that the epidemiology has moved away from the Beta variant of concern towards the Delta variant of
concern that we've spoken about extensively.

So how did we do then in that 1273 against the Delta variant of concern? Moving to Slide 30. I'm
presenting data here, which has been submitted for -- in a manuscript. It's actually in press as we speak.

Looking at the performance of 1273 over 6 months after primary series against the variants of concern.
The third dose booster of 50 microgram of 1273, pseudovirus neutralization titers here in our research
assays is shown. And just to orient you quickly to the slide, we're looking against wild-type, Beta, Gamma
and Delta variants of concern.

The data on the first 3 columns deals with the month 1, post-dose 2. So immediately following the primary
vaccination series for which we have the really strong efficacy data that Jackie just described. And as you
can see, we see high titers against the wild-type strain, 1,200 in this assay in this group, and substantially
lower titers against the Beta and Gamma variants of concern, as has previously been reported.

Following those subjects forward to months 6 to 8 after their second dose, what you can see is waning,
both for the wild-type virus, although it remains detectable levels of titers, but also for the variants of
concern, particularly Beta, Gamma and Delta. In fact, as you can appreciate in those middle 4 bars, Beta,
Gamma and Delta neutralizing titers had fallen below the detectable -- the level of detection of the assay
for a decent number of participants in all 4 -- all 3 cases.

Now the great news is that a 50 microgram dose of mRNA-1273 was able to boost against all 4 of those
viral strains. And 14 days post dose 3, we show the titers on the far right, again, all 4 bars. We saw 23-
fold boosting against the wild-type strain to levels that are significantly above the level we've seen just
after second dose, 1 month post dose 2; saw 32-fold boosting against Beta; 43-fold boosting against
Gamma; and 42-fold boosting against Delta. Again, all reaching levels that are significantly higher than
previously seen. And that is very encouraging, and we think confirms our selection of the prototype
booster as likely to be protective against the circulating variants of concern, particularly Delta presently.

So advancing that mRNA-1273 program at 50 microgram booster into Phase II is something we did in
parallel. And on Slide 31, I'm happy to provide an update on the Phase II results from that larger study of
the prototype booster.

So earlier this year, our Phase II study of mRNA-1273 was amended to offer a third dose of 1273 at 50
micrograms to all interested participants 6 months out from their second dose of the vaccine. A total of
344 participants elected to receive that dose. And the top line results are reported here, and we have a
manuscript in preparation that we'll be submitting shortly.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

The results are generally consistent with what I've already shared from the Choi, et al data. And that
means that was that neutralizing antibody titers had waned significantly prior to boosting at 6 months.
No surprise. A third dose, 50 micrograms, of mRNA-1273 boosted neutralizing titers to levels that are
above the Phase III benchmark. And again, this now being done in our clinically validated assays with our
colleagues at NIH.

After a third dose, similar levels of neutralizing titers were achieved across age groups. And importantly, a
subgroup analysis of older adults over the age of 65 showed they were both able to boost significantly and
achieve levels that are comparable to younger adults, which is really encouraging. And the safety profile
following the dose 3 50 micrograms was similar to that observed previously for dose 2 of mRNA-1273. In
total, we think this is really encouraging data on the potential for a 50 microgram booster of mRNA-1273.

So moving to Slide 32, where does that leave us on our COVID booster strategy or a delayed third dose
approximately 6 to 12 months after vaccination? Well, we believe a booster dose is likely to be necessary
this fall, particularly in the face of the Delta variant. Our clinical data right now, we think, supports a 50
microgram mRNA-1273 booster, and we see no obvious advantage for Beta-containing variant candidates,
driven both by the data I presented today and the evolving epidemiology. But we're going to wait for 100
microgram data in the coming weeks to confirm the dose selection of 50 micrograms as the booster before
filing.

So moving off from the COVID booster, I'd like to provide a little bit of an update on the other parts of
our pipeline. So moving to Slide 33. We were excited to update today that mRNA-1010, our first seasonal
influenza vaccine candidate has entered the clinic, and that 1010 is moving quickly towards -- in its
ongoing Phase I/II study.

I'll remind you that mRNA-1010 is a quadrivalent seasonal flu vaccine that's targeting the WHO
recommended strains. And our vision is to eventually combine mRNA-1010 as a seasonal flu vaccine in a
pan-respiratory vaccine booster for adult and elderly populations that combine flu, a COVID-19 booster
and potentially our respiratory syncytial virus vaccine.

Looking on Slide 34. Across our infectious disease portfolio, beyond 1010, we have a number of other
important updates. In our RSV vaccine, our positive interim Phase I data was announced at Vaccine Day
earlier this year. And Phase I dosing in pediatric and adult vaccine is ongoing. We recently were pleased
to announce that we received FDA Fast Track Designation for adults over the age of 60 in this -- for this
vaccine, highlighting the significant unmet need that we believe is there in this disease.

Our hMPV/PIV3 vaccine, another multivalent respiratory vaccine, is in a Phase Ib trial that's currently
enrolling in toddlers, and the first cohort has been completely enrolled. Our CMV vaccine against
a significant unmet need is on track to start its pivotal Phase III trial this year with roughly 8,000
participants. And lastly, our Zika vaccine Phase II trial is ongoing. We're currently enrolling patients in the
United States and Puerto Rico.

Moving to Slide 35. We beyond our expanding infectious disease vaccine portfolio, we are advancing in
mRNA therapeutics and now have 7 programs in ongoing clinical trials. In oncology, our cancer vaccines
programs with Merck include the personalized cancer vaccine in KRAS. And we have 2 intratumoral
programs in ongoing Phase I studies: one, a triplet program ourselves; and an IL-12 program in
combination with AstraZeneca.

In our cardiovascular therapeutic area, we have 2 programs: the VEGF program ongoing with AstraZeneca
in Phase II; and a preclinical Relaxin program. In autoimmune, we are excited to announce that we have
started dosing our first patient in an IL-2 Phase I study, and that continues. And the PD-L1 program
remains in preclinical development. And lastly, in rare diseases, we have been dosing for this year in our
propionic acidemia program in Phase I; and MMA, GSD1a and PKU programs are in preclinical, and we look
forward to starting these in the clinic.

Briefly on Page 36. You can see our expanding pipeline of clinical programs and the continued
advancement across all of our therapeutic areas, but most notably of our prophylactic vaccines modality in
infectious diseases.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Stéphane Bancel for closing remarks.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Corinne, David, Jackie and Stephen. Before taking your questions, let me share a few
thoughts. On this slide, we articulate how we have been thinking for many years now about using our
mRNA platform to maximize our impact on patients.

On the left, we now have 2 core modalities. For vaccines in blue, we have achieved authorized products;
and for systemic secreted and cell surface therapeutics in pink, we have achieved human proof-of-concept
with our chikungunya antibodies, demonstrating we could get therapeutic level of antibodies, and we could
repeat those successfully.

In the middle, we have 4 exploratory modalities, which were in the clinic with 6 programs to understand if
we achieve human proof-of-concept: 4 medicines in immuno-oncology; 1 in cardiology; 1 in rare genetic
disease. More are coming in the coming quarters.

On the right, you see 2 modalities which are not yet in the clinic, but for which we believe we have
achieved the important derisking in nonhuman primates: delivery of mRNA to the lung and delivery of
mRNA into hematopoietic stem progenitor cells.

Next slide, core modalities. In vaccine, we're focusing on bringing to market what we believe could be a
game-changing respiratory vaccine. That medicine would combine, over time, COVID-19 boosters plus
seasonal flu boosters plus RSV booster in one single annual shot.

We have a great vaccine against COVID-19. Our RSV clinical data have shown a high level of neutralizing
antibodies, which has led the FDA to grant us Fast Track Designation. And our quadrivalent flu vaccine
is in the clinic now. The flu market is $5 billion to $6 billion per year despite flu vaccine efficacy being
notoriously suboptimal, around 60% in a good year and down to around 30% in a bad year. We believe we
can do better with our mRNA platform given what we have demonstrated with COVID-19. The Moderna flu
vaccine candidate could launch as early as 2023.

CMV is now close to entering Phase III. And we continue to believe the market opportunity could be $2
billion to $5 billion per year. EBV should enter the clinic soon. There is no vaccine against CMV infection or
EBV infection.

So we are working towards moving the company from COVID-19 prime vaccination sales in 2021 to
COVID-19 booster in 2021 and 2022 and beyond, and then adding flu as early as 2023, and then adding
RSV and launching CMV and then EBV. I am excited about this vaccine pipeline and how these vaccines
could prevent death, hospitalization and disease in billions of people over the years.

Stephen and the research team are not resting. They are working in our labs on more vaccine candidates,
and we cannot wait to share with you these new vaccine candidates in the future as we take them into
clinical studies. This is where the power of mRNA as an information molecule and the industrialization
of Moderna and the digitalization of Moderna and our cash position will enable our teams to bring
important vaccine to protect people at a scale and at a pace not seen before in pharmaceutical industry. In
autoimmune disease, we aim to continue to scale that therapeutic area.

Next slide, exploratory modalities, 6 clinical programs in 4 exploratory modalities. If we get positive
clinical signal, we'll scale these modalities quickly as well. That's where the beauty of a platform comes
into play.

Next slide, modalities in research. Very typical of our long-term mindset and our desire to maximize our
impact on patients, we continue to invest in science to explore new modalities, like the one in the lung and
more recently presented at our Science Day in hematopoietic stem cells. In our lung program, we are both
working on using mRNA to express a human protein in a cell. That was our first Vertex partnership. But
we are excited about our exploration of doing gene editing using mRNA to express a gene editing enzyme.
That is our second Vertex partnership.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Next slide. I believe that the uniqueness of Moderna is that we're expanding our impact on patients in 2
dimensions. We are expanding in 2 dimensions at the same time because we have built an industrialized
mRNA. Because mRNA is an information molecule, once we make a medicine work in a modality, like the
COVID-19 vaccine, then we use the same 4 building blocks of life to make another vaccine. So we scale
within a modality really fast along the first dimension of the Y axis.

And the second dimension is to keep expanding new applications of mRNA into new cell types on the X-
axis. And we are doing both at the same time with different dedicated teams, all powered by our science,
or digital and our manufacturing infrastructure.

David shared earlier our framework for capital allocation now that we are generating significant amount
of cash each quarter. Our #1 priority as a company has always been and will continue to be to invest in
the business. We continue to believe that we're in the early days of a new class of medicines, mRNA. And
these small molecules more than 100 years ago, a large molecule 50 years ago are any indication, the
next 10 to 20 to 40 years are going to see a very large number of important medicines. And because
mRNA is an information molecule, it would happen really fast.

We aim to continue to build the world's leading mRNA company. So we're talking about investments in
acceleration of programs already in the clinic; investments in new development candidates moving from
the labs to the clinic; investments in our platform to continue to improve the science and to include new
modalities; investment in manufacturing; investment in commercial presence, including our digital and
commercial presence; investment in digital so we can scale our company faster and better than traditional
biotech or pharma companies.

Our second priority is to expand our horizons by complementing our platform with external technologies
or products. This means we are interested in nucleic acid technologies, gene therapy, gene editing, mRNA.
On the mRNA front, if we find new delivery technologies that could expand our current capabilities, we will
look at them carefully. We would be interested in technology licenses and/or in development candidate
licenses and/or, if it makes sense, M&A.

You can count us to be disciplined. We know what it takes to go from early research to filing with
regulatory agencies. And for having done it, we know the risk associated with new technologies, and
everything that works in a mouse would not necessarily work in a human.

From a strategic standpoint, we are not interested in small molecule or large molecule development
candidates, even if they could complement our commercial portfolio. We love information molecules too
much to be interested in acquiring analog molecules, small molecule, large recombinant molecules or cell
therapy.

This share buyback is our first one. We are very optimistic about the future of Moderna, and we are just
getting started. Our Board of Directors will continue to regularly review what is the right thing to do to
return capital to shareholders in light of our cash generation, balanced against investments in our business
and external investment opportunities.

Let me talk now a minute about corporate responsibilities. It is very important for us to make Moderna a
model of corporate responsibility and to build a sustainable business. Like everything we do, we don't just
want to do things well. We want to do things in the best possible way.

We were pleased to announce recently the establishment of our charitable foundation with an upfront
endowment of $50 million with a significant focus on underserved populations. We are humbled to
have been awarded the #1 spot on Fast Company 2021 for best place to work for innovators, which
complements our last 6 consecutive years of recognition by Science as a top employer. Both awards reflect
the importance we place on our employees and the culture of the company.

Recently, Axios/Harris released its 2021 corporate reputation survey, and the Moderna brand ranked third
among 100 of the most visible U.S. companies, our first mention on the list and a highest ranking for any
biopharmaceutical company for corporate reputation. We have recently worked relentlessly with the U.S.
government to facilitate donations of the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine to many low-income countries. And
we are committed to minimizing our energy footprint.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

As I look through the next decade, the same North Star is guiding us since we started. We believe we
have a responsibility to maximize our impact to protect healthy people and help patients. Our commitment
is stronger than ever. This is just the beginning.
We look forward to welcoming you at our annual R&D Day on September 9, whereas in previous years,
we will do a detailed review of our development pipeline. The team and I will happy now to take your
questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs.

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Could you walk us through the dynamics for 2022 and beyond in terms of APAs for Spikevax, essentially
demand in the context of supply of the 2 billion to 3 billion doses for 2022? And then how we should think
about the years beyond 2022 and pricing? And then secondly, with regard to external BD, how are you
thinking about integrating areas like gene editing and gene therapy with your platform?

David W. Meline
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer

Maybe I'll start on the answer on '22, '23. So as we said, right now, we're -- we've announced that we're
increasing our capacity. We see very strong demand continuing in the context of the pandemic well
into 2022. And hence, we've given you the range of 2 billion to 3 billion doses depending very much on
whether our customers are still purchasing for primary series or if they're looking at boosters and then
depending on the eventual dosage for boosters. So I think it's really going to evolve as to exactly what
that looks like in terms of dosage.

Going beyond '22, as we said, we are starting to see now the forward-planning countries that are looking
beyond the very near term. We're starting to then have contract discussions and in fact, have agreed
some contracts into '23. But I think it's early to really know as to how this is going to evolve in terms of
the transition from pandemic to the endemic phase.

In terms of pricing, I think it's helpful to start with where we are in 2021 to have a context for
understanding pricing going forward. So really 3 buckets of pricing in 2021. We have the U.S. government,
where the first 100 million doses was priced at a little over $15. The subsequent 400 million doses were
contracted at $16.50. And that pricing was considering a couple of things. One is the BARDA funding we
received to underwrite our Phase III trial, and also the size of the contract, the 500 million dose contract,
which is very large.

The second category is the higher-income ex U.S. countries where, as we've said in the past, we start with
a price range of $32 to $37 a dose. And there are some cases where we offer discounts based on volume,
for high volume. And then the third category is low and middle-income countries, which have received the
lowest-tiered pricing, including those sales to COVAX, which are considerably lower than the price to the
U.S. government.

So if we start with that framework for '21, what we can say is that the contracts that we've signed now for
2022, the pricing constructs are very consistent with that framework that we've had in 2021. And so we
see a continuation in the context again of the pandemic with the pricing framework.

If you look at the average price that you calculate in your model, of course, that's going to depend on the
mix across these categories. And of course, we're expecting to see significant sales to the middle and low-
income countries and that increasing in '22. So it shouldn't be surprising if the average, you see some
declines.

And then finally, I would just comment that as we move into a post-pandemic period, then we would
expect, as we've said in the past, to -- market forces to impact our price negotiations. So hopefully, that
answers your questions.

Stephen Hoge
President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

And Salveen, I'll maybe just pipe in at the end with your first question on gene editing, which is -- how
do we see it intersecting? Look, I think we have been, as you all know, the innovator in mRNA and lipid
nanoparticle delivery in therapeutics for a while. And we've watched the space quite interestingly or quite
significantly in terms of ways that we could help with delivering gene editing cargoes across a range of
different tissues where our lipid nanoparticles systems have been shown to go even in humans. And we
think it's the right time for us to start to expand in that direction.

If there's a general convergence, I think, out there in the gene editing space, it's that messenger RNA and
lipid nanoparticles are perhaps the way to go. And that's something we strongly agree with having spent
the last decade working in the technology. So you'll be looking for us to bring new kind of payloads, new
capabilities, new enzymes into our existing technological capabilities, which we think are best-in-class.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. A couple of related questions on boosters, if I may. I guess first question is, maybe you could just
put in context some of the information we're hearing from the FDA or the CDC, especially ACIP on their
position on boosters. And how you would expect that to evolve over the coming months?

Second, could you comment on the potential for a multivalent booster? And how you might be thinking
about that in the context of the data you presented today, especially just on using a third dose of the
existing shot?

And then third, could you maybe just comment on your views of long-term virus evolution? Obviously,
typically, viruses tend to evolve towards more infectious, but lower virulence. And so I'm wondering what
your thoughts are on the long-term booster market, obviously, versus the sort of near-term booster
market when infections may still be quite high?

Stephen Hoge
President

Sure. Thank you, Matthew. So let me try and take the first question first. So I think we are going
to always defer to what's happening with the public health officials in terms of when they think the
appropriate time to recommend a booster vaccine is necessary. Where we see the data ourselves -- I
can't speak to the challenges they face. But what we see is the potential for waning immunity. In fact,
if you look at -- back at our Vaccines Day, we had Professor Davenport come in and present work that
he's done at University of New South Wales in Australia showing what he predicted back in March would
be the picture for waning immunity from the vaccines. It was recently published in Nature Medicine. I
had a chance to open and it's looking remarkably prescient because the predictions he was making about
the relative strength of the different vaccines suggested that small differences in efficacy would start to
emerge to be larger differences in efficacy at about 200, 250 days as neutralizing antibody titers waned.
And that may be what we're starting to see.

And if you play that forward, if you assume he's been right about those predictions, then that picture
continues and continues through a year with continued declining neutralizing antibody titers over that
time. And eventually, we therefore believe, a real increase in breakthrough infections and disease even
with vaccinated participants, even with mRNA-1273.

So we continue to want to be vigilant because that trend and those predictions, we think, will come
to the fore. And I think the Delta variant has taught us to also be incredibly humble in the face of the
virus' ability to fight back and increase its transmission. I mean I think most of us would have thought
SARS-CoV-2 was a pretty good infector earlier this year. Delta has shown us that it can make huge steps
forward.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

And so for all those reasons, we think that it's appropriate to be cautious. Our approach is not to -- is to
defer to public health on when boosters are going to be necessary, but to bring forward the best option as
we see them based on the science that we see and the evolving epidemiology.

And that's where, I think, our conclusion today is given Beta, Gamma and particularly Delta, given the
real-world efficacy that we're seeing out there against Delta right after vaccination with 1273 and the
neutralizing titers that we can see, that I presented today, against Delta with the 1273 prototype dose,
that we feel pretty confident that, that's actually the right way to approach this round of the fight with the
SARS-CoV-2 virus.

Now if I jump to the second and third questions you asked, this is not the last round of the fight with
SARS-CoV-2. We expect it to have at least a couple more rounds and maybe annually, we're just going
to continue to fight this virus back. And that's where we think multivalent boosters continue to be an
important part of the scientific strategy.

As you look forward to, say, early 2022, Delta is what we're fighting right now. But what are we going to
be fighting in 2022? What new variant of concern? There will be one. And I look at the evolving picture
with Delta and the overall variants of concern, and there's a couple of specific things that jump out at me.
There are now I think 5 point mutations in the various variants of concerns, 3 of them present in Beta and
Gamma. We've talked about them, the 417, 484 and 501 mutations. And now there's 2 mutations in the
receptor binding domain in the Delta strain at 452 and 478. And those 5 look like the ways in which the
virus has tried to step away from our neutralizing immunity with our vaccine immune innovation.

If you think about how this might play forward, it seems logical to us that those 3 mutations present in the
Beta, Gamma line and those 2 mutations present in the Delta might find some way to combine in new and
potentially scary ways. And if that came with the increased transmissibility, force of infection that Delta
can achieve, that might be a significant threat. And so we view our multivalent platform as the best place
for us to try and anticipate that threat.

And logically, for us right now, that would be looking at a Beta, Gamma or a Beta variant of concern
combined with a Delta variant of concern and evaluating that going forward. And that's the 213 program
that we're going to be looking at. But we don't think that's for this cycle. We do really believe that 1273, a
booster dose, will hold up against Delta right now.

The long-term virus evolution question is a great one. And I would say we just got to be humble. We've
not faced a variant, a virus quite like this. And again, I don't think any of us would have predicted the step
change in transmissibility that was seen with Delta over the last 5, 6 months. And so I wouldn't rule out
that the virus doesn't have that kind of surprises in its future.

But if you take a very, very long view, 5, 10 years' view, I would say that we continue to think the
model for what SARS-CoV-2 will look like in terms of an endemic market is probably predicted by other
respiratory infections, the endemic coronaviruses, like OC43, which every year have rates of reinfection in
adult populations and young kids, every year results in hospitalizations and some deaths, including in this
country. And we, therefore, believe there will be a long-term endemic market.

The virulence of those viruses, as you pointed to, is lower, and that's good news. Hopefully, it's not as big
of a threat as we're seeing right now. But we need to be cautious and humble because SARS-CoV-2 keeps
surprising us. And maybe that virulence will be something more substantial than we see in the endemic
coronavirus.

So we're hopeful that it will wane, that virulence will decline, but we really do believe the virus is here to
stay for the long term. And therefore, there's going to be a need to regularly boost, particularly high-risk
older populations, against SARS-CoV-2 into the future. Hopefully, those answer your questions.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Ted Tenthoff from Piper Sandler.

Edward Andrew Tenthoff

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. I guess my first question has to do with capacity and really trying to understand a little bit more
fully what goes into continuing to grow capacity, especially overseas. And I guess the second question
would be with respect to the orphan disease pipeline, which is -- I think you guys know, it's one of my
favorites just in terms of application for mRNA. How can we be moving faster there? Again, appreciating
that you guys have a pandemic you're trying to address. But it seems to me like everything is set to go
there. And just curious what we can be doing to maybe accelerate some of those important programs.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Thank you, maybe I'll go...

Stephen Hoge
President

I'll take -- go ahead.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

So I'll take the capacity and then Stephen will talk about rare disease. So as you recall, Ted, we've
announced -- I think it was in February that based on the market feedback of the countries, given the
high efficacy of our vaccine, so there was a lot of demand. And so if you recall, we decided to make very
significant manufacturing capacity increase, 50% addition in the U.S. It's all at our U.S. site, the drug
substance in Norwood and then the doubling of the OUS capacity at Lonza and ROVI.

Our goal is to, as I said in my remarks, depending on the booster dose which until we have final say by
the regulator and until we see the 100 microgram data for 1273 third dose, as Stephen described, we
won't know for sure. But if you model both the prime series APAs that have already been ordered, which
will be, of course, at 100 microgram, if you model what we anticipate in the mix between prime series and
booster vaccines for Spikevax, if the booster dose was 50 micrograms, we could have up to 3 billion dose
of supply. And if the booster dose were 100 microgram, that could take us up to 2 billion of supply. So it's
a bit hard to think about it.

What we're trying to do is to not have the challenge we're having this year, which is a happy problem.
As I said in my remarks, we are still tracking for 800 million to 1 billion dose this year. But I've also said
that we are not taking any more orders for 2021 because we are totally maxed out. And of course, we
would want to be in a position where we can answer to any countries wanting more vaccines. And so by
doing those investments, we really are hoping that next year, we can make sure that we can fulfill all the
demand we're going to get from the market.

And as Corinne mentioned, while we have already signed $12 billion of APAs for next year and -- with
those countries and additional $8 billion on top of the $12 billion of options that those countries have,
there are still a lot of discussions ongoing. And so what we want to do is to maximize the penetration
of Spikevax around the world. And I believe that the new data this morning showing that the efficacy --
the final efficacy of the COVE study is holding very nicely. I think will just be yet another argument for
countries to want to vaccinate as many people as they can in that country with 1273.

Stephen, do you want to talk about orphan disease?

Stephen Hoge
President

Sure. Yes. I mean -- so I said, I think you know we've had a long-standing commitment to these
populations, and that's as strong today as ever. And we hear and want to do everything we can to
accelerate these medicines for them. It's important to say that it's fast to the finish is the goal, not the
fast at the start. And while we're pleased with the start of the propionic acidemia program and, hopefully

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

shortly, MMA and others in the clinic, our goal is obviously to rapidly move through those Phase I studies,
to find the right dose and hopefully then rapidly move into pivotal studies.

And as you know, that can happen very quickly and so -- particularly in rare diseases, particularly with
some early positive clinical data. And so that's what we're trying to do right now, is anticipate that
positive data, expand and build out our team in that therapeutic area and begin the more foundational
preparations for closing very quickly if we can get some encouraging positive clinical signs. But we're
working every day to try and get the -- to accelerate the time that those are incurring early data and -- as
well as, as I said, prepare for that future.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Two questions. One on boosting. Do you guys have a good sense of what you think the regulatory view or
hurdle is to support boosting? You show that great data on Slide 30, showing the waning of the antibodies.
And I think we all see that could be a problem, and how the third dose gets you way up. But what do you
think that specific data is, or put another way, the titer level for correlative protection would be to support
boosting for the fall or the winter? That's question one.

And then question 2, a little bit similar. On flu, with that data coming up later this year, is it your view that
significantly higher levels of antibodies will lead to significantly higher efficacy? And that would suggest a
larger study that will also be supportive of a launch, I think you said in 2023.

Stephen Hoge
President

Sure. So I'll try and take the first question, which was -- so and you point to well, we do not currently
have a correlative protection in the world, unfortunately, for any of the vaccines. And so it's very hard to
say objectively what titer, what level is the sort of the minimum level, which is why in our minds -- and
subject to the regulators to developing their own perspective. But in our mind, the right way to benchmark
this has been, let's look at that really consistent, high, durable efficacy in Phase III, let's look at the
neutralizing titers that support that. And let's do better. Let's get above those titers. Because if we can
exceed those titers in where we were just after the primary vaccination series, then it should stand to
reason that we should be able to provide durable protection at or above the levels that we saw before.

Now of course, the virus is evolving, and that's where you see Delta, and we have to be humble about
that. But the good news is -- it looks like in the real-world data that the vaccine, 1273, is holding up
against Delta even with partial vaccination, as Jackie mentioned in her slides and with some of those
references. And so we do think that getting at or above those levels should hold up quite comfortably.

How much above those levels? Is it 1.0? Is it 2.0? Is it some other number? I think that's ultimately
going to be a sense that we want to have between ourselves of the data that we have; the benefits of the
different dose levels, 50 microgram, 100 microgram; and again, the data we've already seen in terms of
Phase III; and then a dialogue with regulators about how they see that benefit risk.

But as it stands today, we think the 50 microgram data that we presented really looks encouraging and
likely meet that standard. But we want to hold off. We'll look at the 100 microgram data in just a few
weeks here and decide, nope, that's the right call. We've got to the levels we need to. And we think we
can reset immunity in a vaccinated person with a third dose at or above the levels that have been driving
this durable protection to date.

I'm sorry, I missed the second question. Could you just repeat it?

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Yes. Similar, I guess, in flu that when you have data later this year, I suspect you believe the titer
levels will be extremely high. I think there's some better understanding, based on regulatory guidance
documents, that for flu, there's some acceptable levels. And you could certainly compare it to approved
products, that high levels there would be supportive of a larger study and a faster path to market.

Stephen Hoge
President

That's right. Yes, thank you for reminding me. So we -- obviously, we haven't provided guidance on when
we expect the -- to be able to get through those subsequent studies and, ultimately, what that regulatory
path is. Because we have to engage in that discussion with the FDA and global regulators, and those are
ongoing. And so it's really subject to them agreeing.

But I would agree with your characterization. It's certainly our hope and view that because it's a well-
understood market, with things like the HAI titers, that even a new platform like messenger RNA might be
able to leverage some of that thinking in terms of immunogenicity and safety as we think about moving
forward to approval. We'll ultimately have to show efficacy and real-world efficacy as well, because
that's what's going to be of interest for payers. But again, the regulatory path is going to be subject to
discussions with regulators that are ongoing. So I can't provide more guidance at this time.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Gena Wang from Barclays.

Huidong Wang
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I have 3 quick questions. The first one is if boost should turn out to be 50 microgram, should we still
expect similar price range among the 3 buckets during pandemic phase? And then number two is, could
you walk through the clinical trial development path for a single-shot vaccine against COVID, flu and RSV?

And the third question is regarding the external investment opportunities. You mentioned that expanding
to 2 new modalities, lung and hematopoietic stem cells with gene editing with lipid nanoparticle delivery
currently focusing in the liver. Does that mean you are willing to expand to the liver diseases?

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

So let me take the first question, Gena, on the boost. The price is not linked to the mass. So we anticipate
the price of boosting to be set up and not related to dose. I'll let Stephen talk about the second question,
is that okay?

Jacqueline Miller
Senior Vice President of Infectious Disease Development

So I'm happy to take that question, Stéphane. This is Jackie. And it's around the clinical development plan
for a booster combination vaccine. And the good news is there have been multiple combination vaccine
developments in the past, maybe not for this kind of a groundbreaking indication. But typically, what we
do is license the initial components first. And you know that we are working on our BLA for COVID. We're
preparing Phase II/III for flu and for RSV. And then we would look to license the combination vaccine
through immunobridging.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jackie. And I would...

Stephen Hoge
President

And then in gene editing...

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Go ahead, Stephen.

Stephen Hoge
President

I was going to take gene editing, unless you want to, Stéphane. One comment, too, on Jackie's point. We
already do have combination vaccines, like the hMPV/PIV3 vaccines. So we're -- we, hopefully, we do have
some experience there technically.

On the gene editing question, we do have, as you know, programs that target the liver. But as we've
presented at previous Science Days and even today, we have a platform technology that also, we think,
allows us to get in broadly into the immune system and particularly hematopoietic stem cells. And so
what you'll -- where we imagine our strong suit to be is in delivering nucleic acid technologies to those
areas. And of course, as we look to expanding in gene editing, you'll see us look to those technologies
that we've got the most experience with first and then bringing a range of different payloads to -- into our
capabilities.

Lavina Talukdar
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Next question please, operator? Operator?

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Lavina, it seems that we have lost the operator. I hope...

Lavina Talukdar
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Yes. Cory from JPMorgan, if you are online, can you please unmute yourself and ask your question?

Okay. Apologies, everyone. We seem to have lost the operator, and it is 25 minutes past the hour. So I will
hand it over back to Stéphane Bancel to make closing remarks.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Thanks, Lavina. Sorry, everybody, if you're still hearing us, for the technical problem. We will work with
the provider to figure what happened. If you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to
contact Lavina, who will make sure to reply to you quickly.
Thank you for coming in today, and we look forward to talking to you at the latest for our R&D Day on
September 9. Thank you, and have a great day. Bye.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MODERNA, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

