Moody's Corporation NYSE:MCO
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, February 12, 2021 4:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.94

1.91

(1.55 %)

2.47

10.16

10.15

(0.10 %)

10.21

1224.48

1290.00

5.35

1311.76

5304.50

5371.00

1.25

5418.19

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-12-2021 1:01 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.24

2.20

2.08

1.94

2.73

2.81

2.69

1.91

21.88 %

27.73 %

29.33 %

(1.55 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Shivani Kak
Head of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Ashish Sabadra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Judah Efram Sokel
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research
Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Shivani Kak
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss Moody's fourth quarter 2020 results and
our outlook for full year 2021. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations.

This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter of 2020 as well as our outlook for full
year 2021. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both
available on our website at ir.moodys.com.

Rob Fauber, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also
making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer.

During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the
end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures
referenced during this call and GAAP.

I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings
release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the
Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 31, 2020, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on
the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statements, set forth important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements.

I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only
mode. I will now turn the call over to Rob Fauber.

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Thanks, Shivani. Good morning and thanks to everybody for joining today's call.

I'm going to begin by summarizing Moody's full year 2020 financial results, and then I'll provide an update
on our strategic direction. And following my commentary, Mark Kaye will provide further details on our
fourth quarter 2020 results as well as our outlook for 2021. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to
respond to any of your questions.

First, on behalf of the entire Moody's management team, I'd like to extend my appreciation to our
employees for their steadfast dedication and resilience. And your remarkable adaptability and commitment
to providing our customers with world-class service and supporting each other is key to our continued
success. And we're really proud of your accomplishments. Thank you.

Our employees helped Moody's achieve record financial results in 2020, with revenue growth of 11% and
an increase in adjusted diluted EPS of 22%. Against the backdrop of heightened credit market activity,
Moody's Investors Service generated $3.3 billion in revenue. That was up 15% from the prior year.
Moody's Analytics also performed well, with revenue totaling $2.1 billion, up 6%, and demonstrating the
strong value of our products and solutions during these unprecedented times.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

For 2021, we project Moody's revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. It's driven by
our expectation that strong growth from MA and a favorable issuance mix for MIS will offset an expected
decline in global debt activity. Moody's 2021 adjusted diluted EPS is forecast to be in the range of $10.30
to $10.70.

In 2021 and beyond, we're going to continue to deliver solutions to meet our customers' evolving
needs by integrating and leveraging our data and analytic capabilities and investing in innovation. And
in addition, recent acquisitions combined with organic investments position us well for the future and
reinforce our long-term growth opportunity.

Finally, we continue to emphasize our role as responsible stewards of our stockholders' capital. While
investing in the business remains our top priority, we'll seek to return approximately $2 billion to our
stockholders this year in the form of dividends and share repurchases.

Turning to full year results. Moody's revenue grew an impressive 11%, with record revenues from both
MIS and MA that increased 15% and 6%, respectively. On an organic constant currency basis, MA revenue
increased 8%. Moody's adjusted operating income rose 16% to $2.7 billion. And the adjusted operating
margin expanded 230 basis points to 49.7%. Adjusted diluted EPS was $10.15, up 22%.

Together, we achieved many milestones in 2020. For the first time, revenue at MIS and MA surpassed $3
billion and $2 billion, respectively, with MIS having rated more than $5.5 trillion in global issuance.

We also made significant progress in delivering for our stakeholders. During 2020, we made an $11
million contribution to The Moody's Foundation. That was to support the work to empower people with
the financial knowledge, resources and confidence they need to create a better future and to reach their
potential for themselves, their communities and the environment.

The events of the past year have also underscored the importance of a strong commitment to diversity
and inclusion, both internally and externally. In this past year, we launched a number of initiatives to
further support diversity and inclusion, both across our company as well as within the communities we
operate, including $2 million in commitments to support equal justice and educational opportunities.

On the environmental front, we furthered our sustainability leadership by enhancing our disclosures and
establishing clear commitments to environmental sustainability. And as a result, Moody's was recognized
by CDP with an A score for addressing climate change.

In 2020, amidst the pandemic, we continued to invest in our business and position the company for
ongoing growth. In addition to a range of product launches, we also acquired or invested in companies
that complement and enhance our products and solutions and expand our market reach. And in
September, we restructured our ESG assets under a single unit. This aligns our efforts across the firm, it
strengthens our thought leadership in the ESG space and it better positions us to meet the needs of the
market.

Turning to MIS. Credit market activity reached record levels in 2020, and especially for nonfinancial
corporate issuance, which grew over 16% from its previous high in 2017 and was 34% above its prior 5-
year average. Both investment-grade and speculative-grade debt benefited from a favorable environment
as issuers fortified their balance sheets and opportunistically refinanced debt. However, leveraged loan
volumes remain modest for most of the year despite an uptick in M&A activity in the fourth quarter.
And Mark is going to provide some details on MIS' 2021 issuance expectations when he discusses our
guidance.

Now pivoting to MA. We continue to see significant growth in recurring revenue, which now comprises over
90% of its total. This has been driven by our strategic focus on building our subscription-based business
with mission-critical products and services that are embedded in the customer workflows that support
strong customer retention rates. And as a result, MA's margin has grown 480 basis points over the past
3 years. This expansion is inclusive of the organic and inorganic investments that we've made in the
business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

And before I turn it over to Mark, I thought I'd provide some thoughts about the opportunity in front of us.
And to do that, I think it's helpful to reflect on our journey as a company over the last 15 years, in which
we've expanded our capabilities in order to meet the evolving needs of our customers.

Back in 2007, we formed Moody's Analytics. That was the first step in broadening beyond the rating
agency through the development of software and analytics businesses. From 2017 to 2020, we built out
some very substantial data and analytics capabilities, starting with the acquisition of Bureau van Dijk,
one of the world's largest company databases. And then we complemented that by adding depth across
people, properties, ESG and climate, just to name a few. And this strategy has positioned us well to serve
a wide range of risk assessment markets, where we can integrate data and analytics and deliver insights,
all enabled by technology.

Looking forward, organizations face a complex interlinked world of risks and stakeholders. COVID has
accelerated the digitization of manual processes across the financial sector, and it's highlighted the
importance of resilience and scenario planning. Organizations are managing a variety of risks that just
weren't on the radar screen years ago, ranging from ESG, to climate, to cyber, to financial crime. They're
seeking a more holistic 360-degree view of risk, of who they're connecting to and who they're doing
business with. To do this, companies are increasingly incorporating alternative data sets into their core risk
processes, and they're looking for insights amidst the proliferation of data.

There are a variety of stakeholders influencing companies to better identify and manage these risks,
includes regulators, customers, employees. And there's some significant financial and reputational impacts
for not managing these risks effectively. And with this as a backdrop, customers are looking for trusted
partners who have the scale, the rigor, the capabilities to help them make better decisions about a wider
range of risks.

As CEO, I'm focused on 3 key areas to meet these market needs and to realize the full potential we have
as an integrated risk assessment business. First, sharpening our understanding of how our customers'
needs are evolving, delivering solutions that can draw on the breadth and depth of our capabilities.
Second, investing with intent to grow and scale, deepening and extending our presence and expanding
risk assessment markets as we've done successfully with know your customer. And third, collaborating,
modernizing and innovating with a focus on technology interoperability and data access that allows us to
maximize our data analytics and technology capabilities on behalf of our customers. And of course, this is
all underpinned by supporting and developing our people so that we have the skills and the engagement
needed to drive the business forward.

For the last year, we referred to Moody's as an integrated risk assessment business. Today, we serve
a wide range of risk assessment use cases and end markets collectively worth north of $35 billion.
Our largest risk assessment business, of course, is the rating agency. It serves fixed income issuers
and investors. And as Moody's has evolved, we now help customers with everything from customer
onboarding, to commercial lending, to sustainable investing, and a number of other areas as you can see
around this circle.

And what's been a winning formula for us over the years has been combining our data, analytics and
insights with our deep domain expertise and technology enablement to provide solutions for customers to
identify, measure and manage risk. We're not just a data company or a software company, but a company
that has a unique combination of strengths and assets as well as a deeply trusted brand. We continue
to invest in our people and these data sets and analytic capabilities as they're all increasingly important
across a growing number of risk assessment use cases and markets. And that's what we mean by an
integrated risk assessment business.

Now earlier this week, we announced our intention to acquire a company called Cortera. We're excited
about the valuable assets that they're going to add to the Moody's portfolio, including a world-class
database on private companies in North America and one of the most comprehensive databases of
commercial credit information featuring data and analytics on over 36 million companies. And we plan to
integrate Cortera's data into our offerings to better serve several markets, including commercial lending,
customer onboarding, supply chain management. And by combining the data from Cortera with Moody's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

proprietary analytics, we look forward to helping our shared customer base make better decisions about
their business relationships.

Cortera builds on several acquisitions we've made over the past few years, beginning with the Bureau van
Dijk business in 2017 and followed more recently by RDC and Acquire Media this past year. Together, they
form a comprehensive suite of reference and entity data and AI technology to serve a range of use cases
including, among other things, KYC and compliance.

In 2020, Moody's Analytics generated approximately $525 million in annual sales of these solutions, and
we expect them to produce high-teens growth in 2021. The know your customer and compliance use case
in particular is generating over $200 million in annual sales and is projected to grow by over 25% in 2021,
continuing to be our fastest-growing risk assessment market.

I'm now going to turn the call over to Mark to provide further details on Moody's fourth quarter results as
well as our outlook for 2021.

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Rob.

In the fourth quarter, Moody's total revenue increased 5%, with MA and MIS contributing 8% and 2%
of growth, respectively. Moody's adjusted operating income of $531 million was down 5% from the prior
year period. Solid revenue growth in the quarter was outpaced by increased operating expenses, including
nonrecurring items such as severance and incentive compensation. This resulted in a 410 basis point
decline in the adjusted operating margin. Fourth quarter adjusted diluted EPS was $1.91, down 5%.

For MIS, fourth quarter 2020 revenue benefited from favorable issuance mix across all lines of business,
increasing by 2% against a 3% aggregate decline in global MIS-rated issuance. Financial institutions was
the largest contributor in the fourth quarter, growing 12%, double the 6% increase in issuance. This was
driven by infrequent U.S. bank issuers taking advantage of the low rate environment.

Corporate finance revenue grew 2% despite a 9% decline in issuance. This was primarily the result of
strong contributions from both U.S. leveraged loans and speculative-grade bonds as issuers continue to
opportunistically refinance debt and support M&A deals.

Revenue from public, project and infrastructure finance declined 3% against a 12% decrease in U.S. public
finance activity as many issuers addressed refunding needs earlier in the year to avoid potential election-
related volatility. In structured finance, revenue decreased 11% compared to a 31% decrease in issuance.
This is primarily due to lower CMBS activity despite signs of improvement in CLO.

In the fourth quarter, first time mandates grew 32%. For the full year, we received approximately 700 new
mandates.

MIS expense growth included nonrecurring costs, such as severance related to business efficiency
initiatives and incentive compensation accruals associated with strong full year performance.
Consequently, expense growth outweighed revenue expansion for the quarter, resulting in an adjusted
operating margin of 48.3%. On a full year basis, MIS' adjusted operating margin expanded 170 basis
points to 59.7%.

Moving to MA. Fourth quarter revenue grew 8% or 5% on an organic basis. Continued robust demand for
KYC and compliance solutions drove a 21% increase in RD&A revenue or 11% on an organic basis. This
was further supported by sustained customer retention rates in the mid-90s percent range and strong
sales of research subscriptions and data feeds.

In ERS, low double-digit recurring revenue growth, driven by strong demand for our insurance products,
was offset by an expected decline in comparable year-over-year onetime software licensing fees and
implementation services, resulting in an overall growth rate of 1%. Growth in ERS' subscription products,
the acquisition of RDC as well as the divestiture of MAKS in 2019 all contributed to a 5 percentage point
increase in MA's recurring revenue, now comprising 91% of its total, up from 86% in the prior year period.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

In the fourth quarter, MA's adjusted operating margin increased 280 basis points, benefiting from lower
year-over-year incentive compensation accruals. For the full year, MA's adjusted operating margin
increased 160 basis points, supported by growth in recurring revenue as well as expense efficiency
initiatives.

Turning now to Moody's full year 2021 guidance. Moody's outlook for 2021 is based on assumptions
regarding many geopolitical conditions, macroeconomic and capital market factors. These include,
but are not limited to, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, responses by governments, regulators,
businesses and individuals as well as the effects on interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, capital
markets liquidity and activity in different sectors of the debt market. The outlook also reflects assumptions
regarding general economic conditions, the company's own operations and personnel and additional items
as detailed in the earnings release.

Our full year 2021 guidance is underpinned by the following macro assumptions. 2021 U.S. GDP will rise
approximately 4% to 5% and Euro area GDP will increase in the range of approximately 3.5% to 4.5%.
The U.S. unemployment rate will gradually decline to between 5% and 6% by year-end. And benchmark
interest rates will remain low, with high yield spreads falling below approximately 450 basis points. Finally,
the global high yield default rate is expected to decline below 5% by year-end.

Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our
forecast for 2021 reflects U.S. exchange rates for the British pound of $1.37 and $1.22 for the euro. These
assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current
outlook.

In 2021, we project that Moody's revenue will increase in the mid-single-digit percent range given
our approximately flat revenue outlook for MIS and the expectation of low double-digit growth in MA.
Operating expenses are projected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range as savings generated
from our cost efficiency programs are reinvested in key strategic initiatives. I'll provide more detail on this
shortly.

After expanding Moody's adjusted operating margin in 2020 by 230 basis points to 49.7%, we are
projecting 2021's margin to remain in the range of 49% to 50%. We estimate net interest expense to
be in the range of $190 million to $210 million. The full year 2021 effective tax rate is anticipated to be
between 20% and 22%.

Diluted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS are forecast to be in the range of $9.70 to $10.10, and $10.30 to
$10.70, respectively. Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion.

And we plan to return approximately $1.5 billion through share repurchases, subject to available cash,
market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation. Additionally, today, we announced an 11%
increase in our quarterly dividend, bringing the total expected capital return to stockholders in 2021 to
approximately $2 billion. For a full list of our guidance, please refer to Table 12 of our earnings release.

For MIS, we estimate that revenue will be approximately flat year-over-year, with global rated issuance
projected to decline in the high single-digit percent range. We forecast that full year investment-grade
and high yield activity will decline approximately 30% and 5%, respectively. In contrast, we anticipate
leveraged loan issuance to grow by approximately 10%, supported by increased M&A activity. Structured
finance issuance is expected to grow in the 15% to 20% range due to increased asset formation and loan
volumes contributing to larger pipelines for new CLO creation.

In 2021, we expect 700 to 750 first time mandates, with the strongest contribution from leveraged finance
activity. First time mandates contribute both to the current year transaction revenue base and to recurring
monitoring fees.

MIS' adjusted operating margin will remain stable at approximately 60%. Disciplined cost management is
enabling ongoing investment back into the rating agency, enhancing our offerings and delivering greater
value to our customers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

For MA, we project 2021 revenue to increase in the low double-digit percent range, supported by high
single-digit constant dollar organic growth as well as recent M&A activity and favorable movements
in foreign exchange rates. Robust customer demand for KYC and compliance solutions, including
contributions from the recent Cortera, RDC and Acquire Media acquisitions, support future RD&A revenue
growth. This expansion is further reinforced by strong retention rates for our research and data feed
products.

For ERS, we anticipate recurring revenue to continue growing at a double-digit rate. As we de-emphasize
onetime sales, we expect that transaction-based revenue will decline 20% to 30% year-over-year.

MA's adjusted operating margin is projected to be approximately 30% in 2021. Our outlook assumes
continued positive margin expansion of approximately 50 to 100 basis points inclusive of ongoing organic
and inorganic investments in the business.

Last quarter, we highlighted $80 million to $100 million of cost savings from our expense management
initiatives that we would be reinvesting back into the business in 2021. In addition to the KYC and
compliance opportunities, our focus is on investing to meet our customers' evolving needs in ESG and
commercial real estate. We are also strengthening our presence in emerging markets, including China
and Latin America. Furthermore, we continue to invest in our IT infrastructure and product development.
Over the long term, these investments will reduce costs, promote interoperability and accelerate decision-
making.

Before turning the call back over to Rob, I would like to highlight a few key takeaways. Following a
record year that validated our strategic direction, we're pleased to provide a robust outlook for 2021.
This is driven by high demand for our data, analytics and insights and reaffirms our long-term growth
opportunities. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged, and we prioritize attractive opportunities
to invest in our business before returning capital to our stockholders in the form of dividends and share
repurchases.

Finally, we believe that Moody's long-term sustainability is best served by meeting the needs of all of
our stakeholders. By actively supporting our employees, customers and communities, we are able to
demonstrate our commitment to sustainable stewardship and create enduring value for our stockholders.

And with that, let me turn the call back over to Rob.

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director
Thanks, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks. And Mark and I would be pleased to take your
questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Alex Kramm with UBS. And we'll hear from Judah Sokel.

Judah Efram Sokel
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

The first question I wanted to ask was about margins, specifically, the margin outlook for 2021, thinking
about balancing operating leverage from the top line with reinvestment. Appreciate the color that you
guys gave in the extra investment that you're making in emerging markets and taking some of the cost
savings. Generally, you guys have done great with margin expansion over time. And yet here we have a
year coming up where margins are going to be a little bit more constrained. So how do you think about
that balance of driving margin expansion using top line growth that you will have in 2021, especially in
MA, coupled with the need to continue reinvestment for growth?

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you very much for the question. This is Mark here. We are constantly pushing to increase margin
while ensuring, to your point, that we are balancing that against the need to invest in the business to
maintain and accelerate top line growth. As we noted in the prepared remarks, there are a number of
exciting investment opportunities that we've identified for 2021. And we're going to take advantage of
those while preserving the margin at approximately 49% to 50% for the year after having, and we spoke
about this, expanded the margin by 230 basis points in 2020.

I'll give a little bit more color in terms of how that's broken down. That might also be helpful. If I think
about creation of margin in 2021 through operating leverage, that's probably 50 to 100 basis points. And
that's going to come from things like scalable revenue growth, a little bit of the benefit from the reset of
our incentive compensation accrual.

If I think about creation of additional margin from savings and efficiency, that's probably between 140
and maybe 180 basis points to the positive. And that's going to come from things like our restructuring
program, which we can speak about later in the call; increased automation; utilization of lower-cost
locations; procurement efficiencies; real estate efficiencies, et cetera.

And those positive margin creation are going to be offset then by organic investments that we're going to
be making back into the business. We spoke last quarter about that $80 million to $100 million that we're
going to be reinvesting into key strategic areas, which we can talk about further on the call if you would
like, and then around 50 to 100 basis points from some of the recent M&A acquisitions that we've done.
And then, of course, there's that math element in terms of business mix where MA is forecast to grow
faster than MIS in 2021, and that's probably a headwind of around 25 basis points. So if you put that all
together, you get a sense of how we're managing the portfolio of businesses to ensure continued margin
expansion while reinvesting for growth in the future.

Operator

And we'll hear from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Can you hear me now? Hello.

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, Alex, we can. Yes.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Anyways, maybe starting off on MIS, and sorry if I missed the last question. But can you perhaps
unpack the delta between your issuance forecast and then also how you get to the flat revenue forecast?
Particularly interested in the recurring revenue given the solid issuance that we had last year and then
also obviously pricing and mix, any comments there will be helpful as well.

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, Alex. So maybe let me talk to you a little bit about the 2021 issuance outlook. And as I said back in
October, we still think issuance is going to be down modestly year-over-year, and we're guiding to being
down in the high single-digit percent range. I would say, while we expect some very robust issuance
activity to continue, we've got some favorable market conditions. The challenge is that the year-over-
year growth is, yes, we've got some very tough comparables after 2 very strong issuance years between
last year and the year before. So our outlook assumes that these constructive market conditions continue
largely for 2021. Widespread distribution of a vaccine and improving economic growth, certainly we're
seeing continued recovery in M&A activity, and we're seeing a lot of now sponsor-driven activity and
sustained central bank support and potentially another round of stimulus. And all that, I think, will be
underpinned by a continued low rate environment that's going to be supporting of refinancing. That means
we're -- I think we're going to see growth in some areas, like we have a rating assessment service that
supports M&A activity, leveraged finance, various parts of structured finance and so on.

So Alex, maybe let me take it by sector and then you can get a sense and you can do your own compare
and contrast. But for investment grade, we're looking at something like a 30% decline, moderating
after what we all know was an extraordinary issuance year last year. And in particular U.S. corporate
investment-grade issuance was up almost 80% in 2020. That is just a very tough comparable. That said,
our outlook for 2021 investment grade would still be one of the strongest years on record. And we think
issuers are going to continue to come to market driven by refinancing and amidst all the, as I said, kind of
ongoing low rates, tight spreads and M&A activity.

Leveraged finance, we think that high yield bonds will remain elevated relative to recent years. You can
see we're estimating a very modest decline of 5%. I think high yield activity outside the U.S. should
improve after a relatively slower year in comparison to the U.S. And I think we'll see that investor demand
should remain quite strong in the ongoing search for yield. Thinking about leveraged loans, we actually
think we're going to see some growth there coming off of a obviously more subdued activity in 2020, but
also being driven by M&A and LBO activity that's going to help support issuance.

When you think about structured finance, we see that improving somewhere in the range of 15% to 20%.
And it's a mixed bag as you think about the different components of structured finance. ABS growth, we
think, will be supported by asset classes like auto loans where we're seeing some good activity, maybe a
little bit more muted in places like credit cards and student loans. We'll see some growth in RMBS. I think
we'll see some modest growth in CMBS, the market for whole asset securitizations, even though you've
got some parts of the commercial real estate market like hotels and retail that are experiencing some
distress.

And then as you know, as we think about CLOs, we also look at what's going on with the leveraged loan
market. So we think there'll be some growth in CLOs with just that stronger leveraged loan supply and
tightening spreads in the CLO market.

And maybe just one other thing I'd add just in public finance. A very strong year generally for public
finance, so we'd expect that to remain elevated but at levels consistent with last year.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And would you care to talk about the recurring versus transaction and pricing as per my question? Sorry.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, sorry. So from a recurring revenue standpoint, I think we'll be looking at probably something in
the low to mid-single digits. We've gotten some questions about just kind of thinking about how we
characterize recurring revenue versus others. And I think if we included our rating assessment service and
excess issuance fees and issuer rating fees, we'd be looking at something like a mid-single-digit recurring
revenue growth. And I think in general when you look at it on a full year basis, pretty comparable outlook
for recurring revenue.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. And then secondarily, if that's okay, a quick one just on CCXI. I mean definitely some headlines in
December on China, which is obviously an important topic for a lot of people. So can you just flesh out
how you're feeling around that JV considering that they're essentially out of the market for a few months
and really highlighted that maybe the market is ready for a different rating agency arrangement over
there, if that's the right word?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, Alex, and maybe just to touch on that. Obviously, CCXI had a license suspension. It was a 3-month
suspension coming at the end of December, and they're taking a number of actions to address that. I
guess as I think about the China strategy more broadly, we've got the MIS cross-border rating business,
we've got the MA business in China, really no impact to that. In terms of the domestic rating market, I
mean obviously it's unfortunate that CCXI had this issue, but they do remain the leading domestic credit
rating agency in China.

And I think early signs from the Biden administration don't lead us to think that U.S. policy towards China
is likely to soften meaningfully. So I think for us, looking at the environment for majority-owned U.S.
firms I think in important sectors like credit ratings, I think will remain challenging to be truly successful
over the long term. So we're going to continue to collaborate with CCXI, like we have been on things like
commercial engagement.

And I guess I would also say, Alex, that given some of the challenges we've seen in the domestic credit
rating industry, and we're also thinking about how we can capitalize on the demand for things like green
finance and insights into small businesses and know your customer solutions. So now thinking beyond
CCXI, right, in October we set up a new dedicated product development group based in Shenzhen to
develop data and analytics and other offerings for China's domestic risk markets. In November, we
acquired a minority stake in a company called MioTech. And they're kind of a cutting-edge provider of
alternative data and insights serving the ESG and KYC markets in Greater China.

And then the last thing I'd say is, given the importance of sustainability and green finance in China, we'd
also made an investment in a company called SynTao Green Finance. And we're very excited about that
and helping to support the growth of that market.

Operator

Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Rob, maybe you could help us understand your thoughts around M&A. Would you say you're more open
to large deals or would you continue to stick to small or medium tuck-ins? And what would be sort of the
most attractive for you in an M&A target and what return thresholds do you look for?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Yes, Toni, thanks for the question. So I'd say our M&A criteria remain very consistent. And we've talked
about that over the years. What we're really looking for are things that are going to advance our strategy,
and I laid that out in my prepared remarks. And Cortera is an interesting example, right, because there's
a company where we're able to acquire data that we thought was very valuable across multiple customer
segments and risk assessment use cases. So that's very attractive.

Another good example, Toni, would be what we did with climate, right? We bought Four Twenty Seven a
couple of years ago, but that climate data is now being used in the rating agency, it's being integrated into
a wide range of risk offerings across MA in addition to the stand-alone Four Twenty Seven offerings.

So those kinds of opportunities are very interesting to us, where we can acquire data and analytic
capabilities that have relevance across a range of risk assessment use cases. And so that's what you've
been seeing us do with some of these acquisitions we've done in commercial real estate and more
recently, Cortera. And I would just say that, when you've got very strong industrial logic like that, it helps
us meet the kinds of return criteria that we have had for years.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. And then you've mentioned in the past your ESG revenue was about $15 million to $20
million. Can you just update us on where that stands now and how fast it's growing? And then what
particular areas of focus within ESG are you looking at in '21 relative to like initiatives where -- and where
do you see just the most opportunity there?

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Toni, this is Mark. In 2020, our ESG revenue was approximately $17 million. We're looking to grow that by
around 25% in 2021 really for discrete sales or through discrete sales to external clients.

The interesting piece about the ESG revenue for 2021 is we're probably, in addition to that, looking at
another $5 million to $10 million for revenue that will be earned through either MIS using their data and
analytics to inform ESG data and analytics to better inform MIS ratings and enrich the research that we
produce; and through MA where we can continue to pilot and develop new products, including distributing
ESG through CreditView and CreditEdge and some of our platforms.

There are a lot of exciting developments that we have going into 2021 in terms of how we're thinking
about our ESG products. And those, for example, include integrating our climate and ESG content into
CreditView, updating -- this is something we just did -- our physical risk scores for over 5,000 listed
companies. And that's leveraging, of course, BvD's data and our enhanced methodology, of course,
increasing our coverage around transition risk. And then finally, of course, incorporating ESG within credit,
having ESG issuer profile scores, ESG credit impact frameworks. And so there's a lot of opportunity that
we're capitalizing on this space. So it's not just about the isolated ESG business, but how it integrates
more holistically across MCO.

Operator

Ashish Sabadra of Deutsche Bank.

Ashish Sabadra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Rob, thanks for providing the color on the integrated risk assessment market and your focus on the KYC
and compliance, obviously very high-growth areas. I was just wondering, as you think about your growth
going forward in addition to KYC and compliance, are there other use cases or geographies which you
think are pretty attractive from a growth perspective?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Ashish, first of all, welcome to the call, and it's great to have you. And just to clarify, you're talking about
kind of our portfolio more broadly. Is that right?

Ashish Sabadra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

That's right. And how do you think about growing that business outside of even KYC and compliance?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. Yes. So maybe a couple of things I would say. First, I'm going to talk about kind of the broad portfolio
of RD&A in MA. That's where we, obviously, where we have that business today. There's a portfolio of
content there. Obviously, the KYC and financial crime solutions is one, and we see some very strong
growth rates behind that. There's also just a lot of demand for data and analytics on private companies.
That's to support integrating that data into commercial lending decisions, supply chain management
decisions, transfer pricing is another place where we're seeing some growth.

And then we've also got in that broader portfolio within RD&A a lot of credit research, data tools that are
also increasingly incorporating content, as Mark said, like ESG and climate and cyber. We're building out
our commercial real estate content because we've got a lot of demand there from our core customer base
around analytics and workflow tools for lenders and investors. And we're also seeing some good demand
for our economics content. You think about that being used to support scenario analysis and market
planning and stress testing.

Ashish Sabadra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

That's very helpful color, Rob. And maybe a quick question on the organic growth for the MA business, the
high single-digit growth, if you could help parse the growth from RD&A, the recurring growth in ERS, and
then obviously, Mark, you talked about some of the headwinds from shift to the subscription model, but
any incremental color that you could provide on individual pieces there, that would be helpful.

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Absolutely. If I think forward to 2021 specifically in terms of the growth here, we'll see the majority
of growth is likely to be driven through our RD&A segment. Rob spoke earlier, we spoke in part of the
prepared remarks around ERS and the ongoing transition of that business to more of a recurring revenue
basis. And that will offset some of the decline in onetime sales in the ERS space. So if you're thinking
about attributing some of that low double-digit guidance, the majority will come through RD&A in 2021.
And then we'll see a smaller growth, but still growth, within the ERS over the year.

Operator

Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

I was hoping you could provide a bit more detail on the different strategic investments you outlined on
Slide 23. Maybe some examples of investments you're making that you're particularly excited about? And
then also wondering, is there any single initiative there that's outsized relative to the others in terms of
both investment spend and total opportunity?

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

We certainly feel very positive about some of the areas that we're investing that $80 million to $100
million of cost efficiencies into. Just to give you a sense, maybe we can start on the commercial real estate
side, both growth through our REIS business and then the integration obviously of some of the data sets

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

that we're producing in many of our adjacencies into those commercial real estate products. So I think
just simply about the KYC and compliance, it's about that further integration of the Acquire Media, RDC,
BvD, Cortera-type data sets that really then begin to allow us to create synerginistic opportunities.

And then of course on the ESG side here, how we're beginning to build through, as we spoke a minute
ago to Toni's question, of the creation of new products and opportunities that give a holistic integrated risk
view out to the market.

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. And maybe let me add to that, Mark, just specifically focusing on KYC and compliance and the
company and reference data because we've made a lot of investment there. And we're continuing to make
investments there, both organic and inorganic. And we're now 3-plus years out from the Bureau van Dijk
acquisition. You remember that puzzle page there on the webcast.

And we're now thinking about this business more holistically inside of MA. And collectively, our company
and reference data business is growing sales in something like the high teens. So that suite of data
products is performing very well. And we're continuing to look at opportunities to complement that Orbis
data. And you've seen us do that with RDC. That's where we got all the people data. Acquire Media with
all the adverse media, and the Cortera acquisition giving us even more data on private companies and
commercial credit.

So we're continuing to invest in building out what we think of as the world's most useful and usable
database on companies. And let me give you an example of the kind of thing we've done recently. This is
one of our organic investments, part of the integration of Bureau van Dijk and RDC. We just completed
the first commercial release where we're bringing together the Orbis database and all of its corporate
hierarchy data with all of the data on people risk profiles in RDC. And that's all in one simple interface and
screening tool. And that is very powerful. It creates a lot of efficiency for our customers. We think it's one
of a kind in the market. That was really the promise of the acquisition of RDC, was to put all that in one
place for our customers. And we've had some immediate customer traction with this.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And then maybe a follow-up to that KYC discussion. Obviously, it's among the faster-
growing opportunities at Moody's. From a margin perspective as that becomes a bigger part of MA, is that
accretive to kind of long-term margins for that business or pretty consistent with the segment as a whole?

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Absolutely. So as we think about longer term, the KYC opportunity continues to be very attractive for us,
both from a revenue and a margin perspective. We're not necessarily as focused on margins in the very
near term as we build out and integrate that business. We're very focused on ensuring that margin profile
approaches something like the BvD margin profile over the medium term. That really gives you a sense of
sort of how we're balancing that revenue growth versus margin profile over the next 12 to 18 months.

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

But overall, a big scale business and a generally attractive margin profile.

Operator

Manav Patnaik of Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

I just wanted to focus on Cortera for my first question, if that's okay. I was hoping you could give us
a little bit more on how big that asset is, what it's growing? You have already partnered with them, I
believe. And just tied to that also, just wanted to see how much of the gap is that still for kind of the U.S.
coverage that BvD didn't have, I suppose?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, Manav, good to hear from you. Look, I think the acquisition of Cortera, it's not a big acquisition, but
it's important. It's an important next step in enhancing this data business that I've been talking about,
particularly in the U.S. and Canadian market. And they're already an important data contributor to our
Orbis database.

We've known Cortera for years. In fact, we worked with them on the Know Your Supplier portal that we
rolled out last year during the height of COVID. So we have a really good working relationship with them.

And as I said, they're already contained, their data is already contained in the Orbis database. But by
owning Cortera, we now unlock the access to really their full suite of reference and trade credit data. As
I said, 36 million companies with something like 1.5 trillion data points. It's just an enormous amount of
data that we think is going to have real relevance across the Moody's franchise. And a key part of that is
their contributory accounts receivable network, and that gives great insights on the company spending
and commercial credit.

And you asked about growth. I mean, frankly, Manav, I think they've really been focused on building out
this data asset rather than really focusing on growth. They have a very small sales force. So the data is
going to enhance our offerings, as I said, in multiple end markets. And then, of course, we're going to
enhance their offerings. We've got a lot of great proprietary credit and company data and analytics. We've
got a global sales force, a big sales force in the United States to better serve Cortera's core market and
our shared customers.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then I guess the little data puzzle you're putting together all across Moody's Analytics,
if I can call it that. It seems pretty exciting. I was just wondering how do you see ERS sitting with those
puzzle within Moody's Analytics.

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. I guess the way I might think about it, Manav, is, we've got an enormous content engine, right? And
as you're getting a sense, this company and reference data that we talked about that is kind of the puzzle
piece, that's a big part of it. Now we've got other content engines, right? The rating agency is producing
an enormous amount of content. We've got commercial real estate capabilities. And then we have, I think
of it as kind of several ways to distribute that.

One of them is through ERS, right? ERS is effectively software that is being used and embedded into
customer workflows and banks all across the world. And it gives us an opportunity, I always think of as
kind of risk as a service. Maybe that's the term I'm going to coin on this call.

But we're putting a lot of that content, you can imagine the data and analytics, we're putting that content
through those software as a service solutions, right? We're also leveraging that content in our research
business, and then we're looking for other ways to be able to distribute that content, whether it's through
APIs, whether it's through partnerships with third parties, so just a big content factory.

And I think of the software as a service business, the ERS business as one of the platforms for distributing
that content. And the other thing I'd say about ERS is, it's deeply embedded into very important workflows
at these financial institutions. So it is very sticky once it's installed.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

George Tong of Goldman Sachs has our next question.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I want to dive deeper into your operating margin expectations by segment. Holistically, you're expecting
margins to be relatively flat this year. Assuming MA margins continue to increase, how are you thinking
about MIS margins and the sustainability as issuance levels begin to normalize?

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

George, this is Mark. Maybe I'll step back for a minute. And I'll talk a little bit about fourth quarter, and
then I'll talk a little bit about expectations for 2021 after that. I think very aware based on our press
release this morning that the fourth quarter margins for both MIS and MA themselves were down. And if I
look at MCO in total is really the primary driver for that.

Fourth quarter expenses grew by 16%, but the primary drivers of that, call that 11% of the 16%, were
really attributable to what I think of as unlikely to reoccur factors. So 5 percentage points of that 16% was
restructuring and severance expenses on our efficiency programs. 3 percentage points of that would relate
to sort of incentive, stock and commissions on strong sales performance. And then around 3 percentage
points of that would relate really to the M&A impact as we continue to invest for growth. The underlying
core expense base there was really salary increases and hiring, and that was probably only 2%. So very
consistent, very disciplined, very controlled.

So now if we step back from Q4 and we look at 2021 as a whole, we feel very comfortable in terms of
maintaining our operating expense base to be supportive of the revenue that we're able to achieve in
2021. And that's what led us to be confident in guiding towards that approximately 60% for that MIS
margin outlook for 2021.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then switching gears, if we look at your issuance expectations, you're looking
for high yield issuance to be down about mid-single digits off of difficult comps. You also cited some
factors that could be very conducive to high yield issuance like low default rates, low spread, improving
macro environment, M&A activity, et cetera. So how would you handicap the potential upside or downside
versus your base case expectations for high yield?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. George, I might even kind of broaden the lens out and just kind of talk about the puts and takes
overall to issuance and then maybe I'll also touch on just kind of what we're seeing in the market right
now in leveraged finance. But I think in terms of upside, if we see a faster-than-expected health recovery
leading to a faster-than-expected economic recovery, I think that could provide some upside. We could
see some things coming out of the Biden administration that may be supportive of issuance, whether it's
around infrastructure or public finance.

M&A is a wildcard. We've expected M&A activity to pick up to what looks more like levels that we've seen
in kind of 2018, 2019, but it's possible that we can see M&A activity go beyond that. And that would
provide some upside also to the, specifically to the leveraged finance market, right? Leveraged loans, M&A
activity, sponsor activity would be very positive to the leveraged finance market.

Maybe from what could be a headwind, you've got a lot of companies that have a lot of liquidity. So we
have to see what the companies are going to do with all of that liquidity, whether they're going to use that
to pay down debt; whether they're going to use that to make acquisitions, invest in their business. And
of course, if we see things drag out in terms of health and economic recovery, that I think will probably
lead to some downside in issuance. Interestingly, and Mark and I were talking about this the other day,
if we see things get worse with COVID, I don't think we expect to see another surge in liquidity-driven
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

financing like we saw in the second quarter of last year because you've still got companies that still have
very healthy cash positions.

Operator

Owen Lau of Oppenheimer.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So I just want to quickly go back to the expense guidance, up mid-single digit. Could you please talk
about your assumption in terms of the T&E and marketing? Do you also include, for example, additional
severance or any charges related to real estate or reorganization? What are the key drivers of this
expense growth?

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

If I think about the attribution of the 2020 actual expenses to our 2021 outlook of mid-single growth,
there's probably, let's call it, 4 primary categories. The first category is really that savings and efficiency,
the $80 million to $100 million that we anticipate creating. And that's probably 3% to 3.5% of that
expense base. And the whole point of those savings and efficiencies is that it's going to enable us to
self-fund many of the opportunities that we see in 2021 as well as to be able to enhance our technology
infrastructure to better enable automation, innovation and efficiency.

That investment base that it's going to go to is probably also going to consume somewhere between
3% and 3.5%. So you could almost see the savings and efficiency and the reinvestment back into the
business, the business is washing itself out.

Then we probably got around 2% to 2.5% of expenses related to that incremental M&A activity. And that's
going to be a big driver of that sort of guidance towards mid-single-digit growth.

We've got a little bit of FX in terms of headwinds as the dollar depreciated over -- or expected to
depreciate over 2021 vis-a-vis 2020. And that's probably another 2% to 2.5%. And then, of course, we
don't expect to have sort of that same degree of restructuring and impairment charges. So that will give
you a sort of sense of the breakdown in terms of our thinking in coming up with that mid-single-digit
guidance.

You had one specific question on T&E expenses, and we certainly have modeled an increase in T&E
expenses as we move through the year. We're probably going to return to a more normalized level by
the time you get to that third, maybe fourth quarter, but it's still going to be lower than those historical
levels that we would have experienced pre-pandemic as we become more efficient and more effective in
communicating with our customers and our workforce.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

That's very helpful, Mark. So my follow-up is, thank you for the color on Slide 15. I think it's very helpful.
Could you please talk about maybe the pace of the integration in terms of these offerings? How long
do you expect you can fully realize the synergy of these 4 great assets and drive additional growth and
penetration instead of just a sum of its parts?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. I guess I might start by just going back to Bureau van Dijk. And we have put some synergy targets
out into the market at the time of the acquisition, and we effectively achieved those. So we feel very good
about the integration of Bureau van Dijk into the business.

Then RDC is the other kind of big asset. RDC has performed very well, in line with our expectations since
we acquired it. And the example I gave to you earlier on the call, that integration of RDC's grid database

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

into the Orbis database to create a one-stop shop into the what we call Compliance Catalyst is a great
example of one of the most important things that we wanted to achieve with the RDC integration, was
getting all of that content that's relevant for our customers in one easy place for them to use. So our
integration of RDC, that's a big milestone for us. So we feel very good about that.

And we just bought Acquire Media back in October. So we actually stood up what we call an integration
management office as we've had a number of these bolt-on acquisitions, and we wanted to make sure that
we're able to get out the business value as quickly as we can and get these corporate integrations done as
quickly as we can to achieve, realize really the full potential of what we're acquiring.

Operator

Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

You might have answered this earlier. I just wanted to get a little bit of clarification. I think Toni had asked
about your M&A strategy. Would we expect going forward most of the acquisitions would be in the MA area
as opposed to MIS? Is there anything in MIS that might look attractive to you?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. I mean historically, that has been the case. There just aren't that many scaled opportunities to build
out the rating business. Now you did see us make an investment last year in a Malaysian rating agency.
That was important for us because it's one of the largest sukuk Islamic finance markets in the world. And
so that was a -- we thought that, that was an important opportunity to kind of augment the global rating
capabilities around Islamic finance. But as you kind of look around the globe, there just aren't that many
sizable domestic markets. And we're in them. We're in India. We're in China.

The other thing I might say, and I think we highlighted in the webcast deck, we have been building out
a platform in Latin America. We call it Moody's Local. And that's basically think of that as kind of a pan-
regional approach to domestic markets in Latin America so that we can provide locally tailored products
with local analysts to meet local market needs. And we've been getting some good traction with that.

But again, there just aren't that many sizable opportunities. And then you look over at MA and you
look at the size of these addressable markets that I talked about and the growth rates and the nature
of demand from our customers. So I think you'll see that trend continue, that we'll make regionally
focused investments in the rating agency and then we'll continue to build out our presence in these risk
assessment markets in MA.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. That's helpful. And then a quick question for Mark. Just looking at your MIS revenue guidance, can
you scope out what the impact of acquisitions would be in 2021?

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. If I think about MIS for 2021, we are looking at organic growth consistent with our overall outlook
of approximately flat for the year. Inorganic acquisitions would be relatively immaterial to our overall MIS
outlook for 2021.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Forgive me, I meant MA. I'm sorry about that.

Mark Bradley Kaye

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Senior VP & CFO

All right. Jeff, I had assumed MA, but I wasn't 100% sure so I chose to ignore it and give you a...

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just a long ways.

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

No problem at all. And in terms of the M&A on MA, we're looking at around 2 to 3 percentage points of
growth from the inorganic acquisitions that we've completed over the last several months.

Operator

Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners has our next question.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Mark, I just want to get a little more clarity, if I could, on the costs for the fourth quarter. What was the
incentive comp there, please? What was it for the full year? And more importantly, can you quantify for us
how much of the costs in the fourth quarter would you think are nonrecurring? I know you guys called out
this $30 million restructuring charge in your presentation packet and in the press release. But what else is
in there that can quantify as so-called nonrecurring? Then I have a follow-up.

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Okay, Craig. Thank you. Let me start with the 2020 full year incentive compensation number. That was
approximately $246 million. It's very consistent with the 2019 numbers, you'll recall the $237 million.

If I think forward to 2021, the incentive compensation is expected to be between $50 million to $60
million per quarter. It's a little higher than what we had in 2020 really as we bring on and align the
incentive compensation plans of those inorganic acquisitions into our business.

I thought it might also be helpful to touch on the expense ramp that we anticipate in 2021, in addressing
your question. And from Q1 to Q4, we'd look to guide to between $45 million and $55 million, primarily
driven by selective growth in some of the investments, additional salaries and benefits and increase in T&E
to some extent. And there are really other costs that support our overriding revenue growth line.

The expense numbers for the fourth quarter, just to close out completeness for your question, really
restructuring and severance is probably the biggest one there. That was around $36-ish million. And then
really, that incentive compensation, stock and commission, that was above our normal run rate. That's
probably another 23-ish. Those are the ones that I suggest you adjust down.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

And then Rob, if I could just ask you, with the new Biden administration here, outlook seems to be with
higher corporate tax rates potentially. Perhaps we get increased regulations out here. Can you maybe just
touch on that, if we do get a reversal of the prior administration, what that potentially could mean for debt
issuance once we get to that stage? And also about regulations on the rating agencies in general, I'd love
to hear your thoughts on that. Will that change and impact on ESG, perhaps favorably?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, Craig, happy to do that. In regards to a potential increase in corporate taxes, I don't think it's the first
priority of the Biden administration. I think the COVID recovery and then the economic recovery are really

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

the near-term focus. So we may see discussions in the back half of this year for potentially something in
2022.

And in terms of how it could impact insurance, maybe we'll roll the clock back to when there were all these
questions about what would happen from a decrease in corporate tax rates and remember all the concern
about the reduction of the value of the tax shield, right, and was that going to reduce -- negatively impact
debt issuance? And our answer at the time was, well, it's certainly a factor, but it's just one factor that
drives debt issuance.

And I guess I would say kind of looking the other way, in theory, the tax shield is going to be increased,
but it could also be limiting to some extent the free cash flow of issuers. But I think in general, I would
expect this to be pretty modest. I mean they're talking about a 28% rate. That's still lower than where the
tax rate was before any of this changed.

I think I would just look at things like the pandemic, economic growth, low rates for longer, geopolitical
factors. I think they're going to be more impactful than what looks like a relatively modest change in the
corporate tax rate.

You mentioned ESG. Certainly, the Biden administration is very focused on climate change. They've
already announced the intent to rejoin the Paris Agreement. It's one of their top priorities.

I think what we're going to see is more ESG disclosures, for one, in the United States. I think there's
a real desire to just get more comparability, consistency, availability, verifiability, if that's even a word,
and a desire to kind of harmonize around a framework. And I think ultimately that will be good for the
market, that will be good for us as a provider of ESG data and analytics. I think we're very well positioned
to capitalize on the increased focus on ESG.

Operator

Next we'll hear from Kevin McVeigh of Crédit Suisse.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just to follow up on ESG, just any thoughts as to the restructuring and how that relates to impact the
overall business with further restructuring and how it's going to impact the rest of Moody's?

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Kevin, this is Mark, just confirming just because the audio broke up a little bit there. You're specifically
asking about the restructuring programs that we're putting in place or something different?

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. Yes. That's right, Mark.

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Right. So Kevin, in late December, we approved a new restructuring program that we estimate is going to
result in annualized savings of somewhere between $25 million and $30 million per year. That program
specifically relates to the strategic reorganization within the MA reportable segment.

We also put in place, just as a reminder, in July, a separate restructuring program primarily in response to
the COVID-19 pandemic. And that was around the rationalization and the exit of certain real estate leases.

So if I put those 2 together, total restructuring charges in 2020 were around $50 million. And we expect
that those 2020 actions are going to generate a little bit more than maybe $30 million in run rate savings.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Now if I broaden the lens just for a second and I step back, I think in total since mid-2018 and including
our expectations for 2021, our rationalization and efficiency initiatives will have created almost $180
million in run rate savings. And we've probably, rough order of magnitude, invested about 50% of that
towards expanding the margin, and we certainly saw the benefit of that in 2020, and about 50% of that
reinvesting back into the business to support future growth.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Super helpful. And then with the issuance outlook, does that factor any of the $1.9 trillion stimulus that's
being debated now and the potential industry impact in sectors like infrastructure and green energy
overall? But does that factor in any benefit from the stimulus that's being placed now or would that be
additive to both the GDP and the issuance? How would people just think of that today?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. I think in general, we have an assumption that there will be a stimulus package. I don't think
we've necessarily tried to quantify the size of it in our assumptions around issuance. But if there
were no stimulus package, that would be a negative to our outlook. And I think in terms of things like
infrastructure, I think that was sufficiently uncertain enough for us as we were thinking about our outlook
that we hadn't incorporated specifically or explicitly some sort of infrastructure package and what the
upside. So if there were a meaningful infrastructure package bill, I think that could provide some upside. I
think you'd see that in our PPIF segment in ratings.

Operator

Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just want to hone in a little bit on that Cortera acquisition. Just Rob, Cortera, besides focusing on banks
and providing some of the information for your scores and stuff like that, their trade credit is actually
pretty interesting and has been kind of a perennial thorn in the side of D&B. Is that something that you
guys are planning to pursue further to be more in the trade credit area? Can you elaborate on kind of the
strategy in that part of that business?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. So maybe I'll go back to, you're right, that trade credit data is really interesting, valuable data, was
part of the appeal of that acquisition. And as I said, I think you're going to see us thread that through our
offerings, ranging from know your customer. We've got a procurement catalyst that supports supply chain
risk management. It will be useful there. You can imagine us, we're thinking about integrating that into
our commercial lending solution. So a number of ways that we see monetizing that trade credit content.

And I mentioned earlier, we have a lot of content, right, obviously through not only Orbis, but all of our
credit capabilities. And so we think there's some opportunities to enhance their core offering. We have a
big sales force here in the United States and better serve their core market.

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. So is that a, yes, we could be more heavy in the trade credit area? Is that the way to understand,
besides obviously enhancing the other part of your business.

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

It's a, there are multiple ways to win here, would be my answer.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then just, Mark, is Cortera part of your guidance as well in terms of the growth or not?

Mark Bradley Kaye
Senior VP & CFO

Shlomo, we have incorporated Cortera into our guidance for 2021. And maybe if I just step back and I
think about both Acquire Media, ZM Financial, Cortera and Catylist, just in aggregate this might be helpful.
The relative adjusted EPS impact for our 2021 guidance is relatively small. It's probably around $0.05 or
so.

The margin impact, as we spoke a little bit earlier on the call, is a bit more impactful. We see around
that 130-ish basis points impact to the MA adjusted margin and around 60 basis points negative impact
obviously to the MCO adjusted margin. So that might give some color in terms of those recent acquisitions
and how they impact our guidance for the year, fully incorporated.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll now hear from Simon Clinch of Atlantic Equities.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

I was wondering if we could cycle back to what you're building within RD&A. And really I'm interested in
how competitive the environment is for acquiring these data assets that you're hoping to continue doing.
Because obviously, it's not gone unnoticed that this is a very desirable part of the market. And so I was
just wondering how you think about that competitive environment and how and why Moody's should win in
sort of getting the assets that you need and want.

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, Simon, great question. It's a very competitive market. It's a frothy market. You see the valuations
are quite expensive. And we have always had a very disciplined approach to M&A, which I think puts a
real premium on the industrial logic of these acquisitions, right? Because we want to make sure that we
are the natural owner for these assets and that the industrial logic gives us ways to really enhance and
monetize what we're buying.

You go back to Cortera is a good example, right? I talked about the value of the data, putting it through
multiple of our product offerings. We viewed when we looked at Cortera, and I think they felt the same
way, they felt we were the natural owner for that business.

I feel the same way about RDC. And that's because when you think about what's going on with our
customers, back to some of my prepared remarks, our customers have huge pain points around
understanding the risk of who they're onboarding as customers and monitoring those. And it has
historically been a fragmented, manual approach. And so the real promise of RDC was to be able to put all
that together for our customers.

And then that then allows us to be competitive in a process where there are other parties that are looking
at these assets, that you've seen other, certainly, other companies are investing in anti-financial crime and
know your customer because it's a very high growth space, it's an attractive place to be. So that industrial
logic allows us to be not only be the ultimate owner, but also to meet our acquisition criteria at the same
time.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

Okay. Understood. And then just following up on ERS, I just want to make sure I understand this right. So
there's some fantastic growth in the recurring revenue line, but you're effectively winding down the sort of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

onetime, the transactional side of that business. So I just wanted to make sure I understood sort of how,
I guess how long that sort of wind-down should last and when we should start to see that really strong
growth from the recurring side flow through more optically?

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Through the total revenue line, yes. And Simon, you've got it exactly right. Mark touched on it earlier.
We've got low double-digit recurring revenue growth. That is the focus for us, right? It's building up the
recurring revenue, the subscription part of the business.

And as you saw in the fourth quarter, that was almost fully offset by that decline in onetime sales. Now we
had talked about onetime sales being soft back in 2020. We also had a very tough comp on onetime sales.
But the reality is, I'm not sure I'd say winding down, but I would say de-emphasizing. There are some
customers who still only want an offering through a license solution. In that case, we're probably going to
sell it to them.

But our real focus is on recurring revenue. So we are kind of pushing through right now where you're
seeing the overall top line is a little bit soft relative to what it's been historically, but that recurring
revenue line is very strong.

And what I, Simon, maybe to give you also just a little bit of insight into what is driving that low
double-digit revenue growth for recurring revenue, there are really 3 main things I would cite. One is
insurers. They're seeking our help in getting compliant. You've heard us talking about IFRS 17 regulatory
requirements. That stuff is very computationally demanding. And some of you may remember, we bought
a company called GGY a few years ago. And that GGY product suite, along with our own internal product
development, has really set us up nicely to capture the demand there. So we're not only just adding new
customers, but we're building new modules, we're adding analytic capabilities and we're deepening our
penetration with the existing insurance customer base. So that's a great story.

Second, we've got ongoing demand from U.S. financial institutions to comply with the credit loss reporting
requirements. And then third, you've heard us talk about CreditLens, right, our commercial lending
application in the past. Again, we're deepening our penetration with our existing bank customers. We're
adding modules and capabilities that they need. This is another land-and-expand story. And a great
example of that, we launched an automated spreading tool called QUIQspread that came out of our
Accelerator. It was really an employee-driven innovation that worked its way through the Accelerator. And
that's now, we're selling that alongside CreditLens, and it's in use at over 40 global banks.

So that's what's driving the demand. And as you said, we're going to continue to have some headwinds.
I don't know exactly how long that's going to be. I would imagine it's the next couple of years as that
onetime line continues to decline.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And it appears there are no further questions. At this time, I'd like to turn the call
over to our presenter for any closing or additional comments.

Robert Scott Fauber
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. I guess I would just say, thank you for joining today's call. I hope you all are well. And we look
forward to speaking with you again in the spring. Thank you very much.

Operator
And this does conclude Moody's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Call. As a reminder,
immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the fourth
quarter and full year 2020 earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this
call will be available after 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time today on Moody's IR website. Thank you. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

MOODY'S CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

