Mylan N.V. NasdaqGS:MYL
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 27, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.28

1.40

9.38

0.93

4.30

4.42

2.79

4.44

3223.42

3191.80

(0.98 %)

2656.16

11537.00

11500.50

(0.32 %)

11936.10

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-25-2020 1:18 AM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.80

0.95

1.14

1.28

0.82

1.03

1.17

1.40

2.50 %

8.42 %

2.63 %

9.38 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Anthony Mauro
Chief Commercial Officer

Heather Bresch
CEO & Executive Director

Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer

Melissa Trombetta
Head of Global Investor Relations

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

Robert J. Coury
Chairman of The Board

ANALYSTS

Randall S. Stanicky
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Elliot Henry Wilbur
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Gregory B. Gilbert
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Jason Matthew Gerberry
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. My name is Catherine, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd
like to welcome everyone to the Mylan Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call and
Webcast. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.

I'd now like to turn the call over to Melissa Trombetta, Head of Global Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Melissa Trombetta
Head of Global Investor Relations

Thank you, Catherine. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Mylan's fourth quarter 2019 earnings and
2020 guidance conference call. Joining me for today's call are Mylan's Chairman, Robert Coury; Chief
Executive Officer, Heather Bresch; President, Rajiv Malik; Commercial -- Chief Commercial Officer, Tony
Mauro; and Chief Financial Officer, Ken Parks.

During today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements on a number of matters, including our
financial guidance for 2020 and the proposed transaction pursuant to which Mylan will become -- will
combine with Pfizer's Upjohn business in a reverse Morris trust transaction to create a new company that
will be named Viatris. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could
cause future results or events to differ materially from today's projections. Please refer to the earnings
release we furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K earlier today, as well as our supplemental earnings slides,
all of which are posted on our website at investor.mylan.com, for a fuller explanation of those risks and
uncertainties and the limits applicable to forward-looking statements.

Mylan routinely posts information that may be important to investors on its website, and we use this
website address as a means of disclosing material information to the public in a broad, non-exclusionary
manner for purposes of the SEC's Regulation Fair Disclosure.

In addition, we will be referring to certain actual and projected financial metrics of Mylan on an adjusted
basis, which are non-GAAP financial measures. We will refer to these measures as adjusted and present
them in order to supplement your understanding and assessment of our financial performance. Non-
GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in
accordance with GAAP. The most directly comparable GAAP measures as well as reconciliations of the non-
GAAP measures to those GAAP measures are available in our fourth quarter and 2019 earnings release
and supplemental earnings slides as well as in the Investors section of our website.

Please note that this call relates to Mylan's fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings, and we will be
limited in what we can speak about Q&A regarding Viatris as we will not be speaking about the Upjohn
business. Let me also remind you that the information discussed during this call, except for the participant
questions, is the property of Mylan and cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Mylan's expressed
written permission. An archived copy of today's call will be available on our website and will remain
available for a limited time.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Heather.

Heather Bresch
CEO & Executive Director

Thank you, Melissa, and good afternoon. I'd like to welcome everyone to what we expect will be the last
full year earnings call for Mylan as a stand-alone company. I'll be covering commentary regarding Mylan's
Q4 and full year 2019 performance. Rajiv and Ken will provide additional detail about these results,
including an update on pre-integration planning, and we'll end our prepared remarks with commentary
from our Chairman, Robert J. Coury.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

However, before we get to results, I'd first like to thank those Mylan employees who may be listening for
their continued dedication and commitment to the customers and patients we serve. I would also like to
welcome any Upjohn employees listening to the call.

I want to take a moment to address the very serious matter of the coronavirus. We've been in close
contact with our colleagues around the world regarding recent developments and are following
government and health organization recommendation. The health and safety of our teams and their
families is our priority, and we're supporting those on the ground where possible. Our business exposure
in China, specifically, is limited. However, given the global nature of our supply chain, operations and
businesses, our results could potentially be impacted. The guidance we disclose today does not include
any anticipated impact from coronavirus, however, we will continue monitoring the situation very closely
from a business perspective.

Moving to our results. 2019 was a strong year for Mylan. In the fourth quarter and full year, Mylan's
businesses grew across all segments on a constant currency basis. Similar to last quarter, our business
transformation work continues to flow through our P&L. As we've previously shared, our transformation
work is focused on unlocking latent value within Mylan's organization and delivering economic profit while
maintaining our commitment of providing access. We started developing this plan in late 2018 and began
implementation in earnest late last year. In the fourth quarter, for example, we identified opportunities to
further refine our SG&A and R&D spend, focusing on products that are promotionally responsive as well as
higher value portfolio investments.

Looking at our full year results. Mylan delivered $11.5 billion in revenue, $1 billion on new product
launches and $2.1 billion in adjusted free cash flow and exceeded our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.12
at the midpoint. These results highlight the durability and stability of the business we've created, as well
as our ability to withstand negative trends impacting the industry. They also reinforce the strength of our
diverse portfolio, geographic reach and global, commercial and operational scale, powerful levers that will
live on through Viatris.

Looking ahead to the full year of 2020, today we also announced guidance ranges for total revenues of
$11.5 billion to $12.5 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $3.2 billion to $3.9 billion. Although we widened
the ranges to take into consideration certain factors, the midpoint of our guidance is in line with what
we previously disclosed for 2020 in conjunction with the Upjohn transaction. Additionally, as we have
previously stated, on a go-forward basis, we believe adjusted EBITDA to be the best measure of our
company's underlying operational results and true business performance. We're extremely proud of the
efforts of our global workforce that enable us to sustain consistent business performance and profitability
across all of our segments. While we continue to see unprecedented change in our industry, we believe we
are setting a solid foundation to help position Viatris for a strong future.

I'll now turn the call over to Rajiv.

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

Thank you, Heather, and good afternoon, everyone. To begin, I would like to take a moment to thank my
Mylan colleagues for a strong 2019 performance.

As Heather mentioned, this call has a unique significance as it represents the last time we expect to
report our full year results for Mylan as a stand-alone company. I'm extremely proud of all that we have
accomplished together to build a strong global business we have today. It's because of the hard work of
our employees that Mylan is well positioned to combine with Upjohn and chart a new course as Viatris. I
would also like to welcome my Upjohn colleagues who are listening to today's call.

I could not be more excited about the opportunities that lie ahead and the meaningful role Viatris will play
in the future of health care. Our unparalleled global reach and supply network will enable us to deliver
high-quality medicines to more patients around the world. And we will also leverage our platform for
development partners to have ready access to expanded markets through our new and unique Global
Healthcare Gateway. Year 1 is quickly approaching, and I'm pleased to report that we remain on track

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

to close in mid-2020. While Pfizer and Upjohn have been working together to ensure that Upjohn is
separated as planned, Mylan has been partnering with Pfizer and Upjohn on integration planning with a
focus on business continuity for both organizations.

To build upon Heather's comments regarding business transformation, it's important to understand that
our 2020 guidance takes into consideration the company applying an economic profitability lens to how we
invest every dollar across the business. Our transformation program is about utilizing a highly disciplined
approach to drive strong returns on our investments across all of our businesses. We are also looking at
our manufacturing network to further optimize the equation of demand, required capacity and efficiency.
This program gives us the right mindset and approach to manage the increasingly volatile and dynamic
nature of our business.

Turning to 2019 total revenues. We delivered $11.5 billion, representing 3% growth on a constant
currency basis. These results reflect solid underlying business performance, driven by existing products
that generated double-digit growth, including Creon, Influvac, Dona, Amitiza and glatiramer acetate 40
milligram. We also achieved our target of $1 billion in new product launches, driven by Wixela, Fulphila
and several other new products.

Our North America business had total net sales of approximately $4.2 billion, which is a 2% increase from
the prior year. The increase was driven by $800 million in new product launches, which were partially
offset by lower volume, including business transformation-related product rationalization and, to a lesser
extent, price erosion in our commodity generics portfolio. In Europe, our net sales totaled approximately
$4 billion, representing 2% growth on a constant currency basis. Our key brands such as Creon, Dymista
and Influvac drove this strong performance. In our Rest of World segment, net sales totaled approximately
$3.2 billion, representing an 8% growth on a constant currency basis. This increase was primarily the
result of new product launches and increased volumes across the region, including key markets like Japan,
Australia and China.

As we look ahead to 2020, we continue to see growth being driven by the complex products, global key
brands and biosimilars, which will help offset continued competitive pressures on our commoditized
generics portfolio. Overall, we expect another strong year with approximately $600 million in revenue from
new product launches, which will help us offset expected mid-single-digit year-over-year price erosion.

Let me now walk you through projected year-over-year net sales growth across our 3 business segments.
In our North America business, we expect low single-digit growth, largely driven by Yupelri, Wixela,
glatiramer acetate, Fulphila as well as Ogivri. We are also looking forward to the launch of several new
products, including the midyear launch of insulin glargine. We expect our Europe business to grow mid- to
high-single digits. This is largely driven by our key brands such as Creon, Influvac, Dymista and Brufen.
We also continue to see opportunities to expand our biosimilars portfolio, which today includes Ogivri,
Hulio as well as Fulphila.

Moving to the rest of the world. We expect to grow mid-single digits, primarily driven by key brands and
biosimilars growth in certain expansion and emerging markets. These drivers will be partially offset by
government price cuts in Japan and Australia as well as standards around ARVs.

I would now like to share some key pipeline updates. Beginning with insulin blocking, as you know, we
have been steadfast in our efforts to bring to the market a more affordable insulin for the millions of
people living with diabetes around the world. Sanofi's formulation patents have been found to be invalid.
This was affirmed on appeal. Sanofi has also sued us on one device patent that we have challenged in an
IPR proceeding and is before the District Court. We expect a decision on the IPR proceedings by second
quarter, and we are awaiting the trial judge decision.

Last week, FDA completed its pre-approval inspection of Biocon's insulin manufacturing facility in Malaysia
and issued a Form 483 with 3 observations. Biocon is responding to FDA and are confident in their
ability to fully address the observations. We do not believe that the inspection in any way impacts our
commercialization plans of insulin glargine in U.S.A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Also, our biosimilar to Avastin has been accepted for filing and is under review with the FDA. Our user fee
goal date is December 27 this year. We also submitted our European application and it's currently in the
validation stage with the authorities. Lastly, regarding aspart, we remain on track for our U.S. submission
in the next quarter. And EYLEA remains on the track for submission in early 2021.

As I mentioned earlier this year, we initiated work on 2 new brand opportunities. Starting with
MR-107A-01, which is being developed as a safe and effective non-narcotic oral analgesic for the
management of moderate to severe pain. The drug's novel formulation is being designed to potentially
provide an alternative to opioids and a Phase II clinical study is being initiated this year. The other product
where we initiated development equity is known as MR-106A-01. It's a novel synthetic antimicrobial
peptide that's being developed as a topical product for treatment of wounds, including burn wounds. Early
clinical studies have demonstrated promising efficacy and safety in the treatment of patients with partial-
thickness burn wounds. We are preparing to initiate further clinical development this year.

Finally, we are pleased to update that the pivotal Phase III clinical study of glatiramer acetate once a
month was started in October 2019. This study is assessing the efficacy, safety, tolerability of glatiramer
acetate administered once a month in the treatment of relapsing/remitting multiple sclerosis. To date,
the study has been initiated in 19 sites and is actively enrolling patients. We look forward to keeping you
informed of these development programs.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.

Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Rajiv, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll take a few minutes to provide an overview of our
financial results for the fourth quarter as well as the full year 2019.

Fourth quarter 2019 total revenues of $3.2 billion were 4% higher than the prior year and in line with
our expectations. Excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange, constant currency total revenues
grew 5%, with growth in all 3 segments. Rest of World net sales grew 9%, followed by Europe and North
America, which were up 5% and 3%, respectively. The increase was primarily driven by new product sales,
including Wixela, partially offset by a decrease in net sales from existing products mainly due to lower
pricing across the regions.

From a segment profitability standpoint, North America declined 5% in the quarter, excluding costs
associated with the Morgantown restructuring and remediation program. This decline reflects contributions
from new product sales, partially offset by impacts from lower pricing and volumes on existing products
due to changes in the competitive environment, in addition to inventory write-offs related to certain
product discontinuations. Europe segment profitability expanded 4% in the quarter, reflecting the
favorable impact of new product sales and higher volumes of existing products, along with the favorable
comparison from lower restructuring costs in the quarter. Rest of World segment profitability also
expanded 4% in the quarter as a result of the favorable impact of new product sales and higher volumes
of existing products. These favorable impacts were partially mitigated by lower gross profit on ARV sales
resulting from higher API input costs.

For the quarter, we reported adjusted net earnings of $721 million and adjusted EPS of $1.40, which
were both above our internal expectations. The year-over-year increase of 8% in adjusted EPS reflects
strong segment performance and, to a lesser extent, lower interest expense and a lower effective tax rate,
partially offset by the unfavorable impacts from foreign exchange.

Now for the full year, total revenues of $11.5 billion were 1% higher than the prior year. Excluding the
negative impact of foreign exchange, constant currency total revenues grew 3%, with all 3 segments
delivering year-over-year growth. Consistent with our expectations, new product sales for the year were
approximately $1 billion, with approximately $800 million coming from North America, and the remaining
amount was balanced between Europe and the Rest of World. This growth was partially mitigated by
the decrease in net sales from existing products as a result of lower pricing and volumes. For 2019, our
adjusted gross margins were approximately 53% compared to 54% in the prior year. Year-over-year,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

lower gross profit from sales of existing products was essentially offset by gross margins on new product
introductions.

Moving on to full year segment profitability. Excluding costs associated with the Morgantown restructuring
and remediation program, North America adjusted segment profitability expanded 3% in the year. This
growth reflects contributions from new product sales, partially offset by impacts from lower volumes
and, to a lesser extent, pricing on existing products, as well as inventory write-offs related to product
discontinuations and higher investments in SG&A. Primarily due to unfavorable impacts from foreign
currency translation, Europe segment profitability declined 6% and Rest of World declined 5%. In addition,
both segments reflect the anticipated higher investments in selling and marketing costs, and Rest of World
segment profitability was further impacted by lower gross profit on ARV sales resulting from the higher API
input costs.

Full year adjusted R&D of $516 million was down 9% compared to 2018 due to the reprioritization of
global programs. In 2019, adjusted SG&A increased 4% compared to the full year 2018, reflecting the
expected incremental investments in selling and marketing. In addition, the prior year included the
favorable impact of reversing certain performance-based incentive accruals. These increases in costs were
partially offset by benefits from restructuring activities as well as business transformation initiatives.

We reported adjusted net earnings of $2.28 billion and adjusted EPS of $4.42 for the full year, which
was above the high end of our most recent guidance. Excluding the unfavorable impacts from foreign
exchange, full year adjusted EPS was flat to 2018. Adjusted free cash flow for the year was exactly in line
with our expectations at $2.1 billion, including the planned investment of more than $600 million in net
working capital that was required to support the approximately $1 billion of new product launches that
we've talked about. Ongoing working capital velocity initiatives and lower capital expenditures partially
offset these investments.

During 2019, we delivered on our commitment to repay $1.1 billion of debt, bringing our debt to adjusted
EBITDA leverage ratio down to 3.6x at the end of the fourth quarter, which is in compliance with our
covenant requirements and reflects our continuing commitment to our investment-grade credit rating.

Now moving on to 2020. At a high level for Mylan stand-alone, we expect total revenues to be in the range
of $11.5 billion to $12.5 billion, which represents an increase of 4% at the midpoint versus full year 2019.
As Heather mentioned, going forward, we're no longer providing adjusted EPS guidance as we believe
adjusted EBITDA better reflects how we manage and measure the performance of the business. We expect
full year adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.9 billion.

It's important to note that there are no material changes in our underlying Mylan stand-alone business
assumptions compared to the Mylan financial targets that were provided in July 2019 when we announced
the Upjohn transaction. Our current expectations do reflect the impact of foreign exchange headwinds
experienced as we move through 2019, which resulted in the $250 million reduction in the revenue
midpoint and the $50 million reduction in the EBITDA midpoint. A schedule reconciling these numbers is
included in the press release. As you heard from Rajiv in our top line outlook, we expect positive volume
growth, along with the contributions from new product launches to more than offset competitive market
dynamics.

Moving to adjusted EBITDA. We're expecting a positive contribution from sales growth, driven by volume
from existing products and new product launches, partially offset by pricing, in addition to higher SG&A
spending to support those top line expectations and higher R&D investments to focus on our complex
product pipeline, which will support the long-term health of our business.

Moving to capital deployment. On a stand-alone basis, our priority remains deleveraging. We intend
to repay approximately $1 billion of debt in 2020 on consistent adjusted free cash flow generation.
We remain fully committed to our investment-grade credit rating and to further reducing leverage as
we work towards our stand-alone long-term average debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio target of
approximately 3.0x.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Finally, we anticipate lower interest expense, reflecting the $1.1 billion of debt repayments we made in
2019 as well as the incremental debt repayments we expect to make in 2020. In addition, we expect our
adjusted effective tax rate to be between 18% and 19%, and we expect a diluted share count of between
516 million and 520 million shares.

Before I close, a quick comment on calendarization as you think about modeling the year. We expect
total revenues and adjusted EBITDA quarterly phasing to be very consistent with 2019, with Q1 being
the lowest quarter and sequentially increasing as we move through the year. First quarter 2019 adjusted
EBITDA represented approximately 20% of full year adjusted EBITDA. We expect the same in 2020. In
addition, we expect adjusted SG&A as a percentage of revenue for the first half of 2020 to be slightly
higher than the second half due primarily to the calendarization of revenues. Similar to 2019, first
quarter 2020 adjusted free cash flow is anticipated to be the lightest quarter of the year as we invest in
the working capital required to support new product launches. But as Rajiv noted, new product launch
revenues in 2020 are expected to be approximately $600 million or $400 million lower than 2019.
Therefore, we expect a lower front-end net working capital investment, which will ultimately put less
pressure on first quarter free cash flow.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mylan's Chairman, Robert Coury. Rob?

Robert J. Coury
Chairman of The Board

Thank you, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. To echo the comments of our management team, I, too,
would like to personally thank our dedicated Mylan colleagues for their continued outstanding execution
and commitment and to once again welcome the Upjohn colleagues as well, who will be partnering with us
as we transition into Viatris in the near future.

I would also like to share how much our hearts go out to those impacted in China and across the world
in light of the current coronavirus situation. We will continue to do all that we can do to help mitigate
this serious health issue. As for the potential company impact, and as Heather has mentioned, we, like
others, are closely monitoring the situation, though it is too early to predict any commercial impact to our
operations around the globe.

I am pleased to share that we have already achieved numerous milestones on our path to creating Viatris,
the combination of Mylan and Upjohn, a new champion for global health. As you saw this morning in our
press release, we have now announced the remaining members of the Viatris Board of Directors. With
these appointments at the Viatris Board level, we have assembled a world-class Board of Directors with
extensive experience, knowledge and strategic vision to help guide the company and to unlock greater
shareholder value.

In addition, this morning, we announced Upjohn's CFO, Sanjeev Narula, who will become Viatris' CFO
and will join Michael and Rajiv on the management team. Sanjeev brings exactly the right profile, given
where the new company will be in its first business life cycle upon closing. I've had the privilege to spend
a great deal of time directly with Sanjeev over the past several months. His strength in operations and
his understanding of the pharmaceutical industry as well as Upjohn will prove to be invaluable. His deep-
rooted experience at Pfizer, which includes significant accomplishments in the process optimization and
automation, capital allocation, internal and external reporting makes him the right fit to help ensure
Viatris delivers on its opportunities and commitment to creating shareholder value. Additionally, his
significant knowledge of Pfizer and Upjohn will be extremely instrumental as we continue to integrate our
2 companies and manage the numerous business-critical transition service agreements we will have with
Pfizer in the early years of Viatris. We are fortunate to add him to the seasoned management team.

In other milestones, we have received regulatory approvals in certain key regions, including approval from
the state administration for market regulation in China. And we recently set the extraordinary general
meeting of our shareholders to be held on April 27. In short, we continue to progress every day and
remain on track to close the transaction in mid-2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Our goal remains to build a new and even more robust and integrated global health care platform, one
that will be balanced between returning capital to shareholders and investing more in innovative segments
of the industry's value chain while maintaining our core commitment to improving patient access to
medicines around the world. With this as our focus, and together with strong and consistent execution and
delivering results, I continue to be very excited about the incredible value creation opportunity we expect
for shareholders as a result of this combination. To be clear, Viatris will not be a Mylan 2.0. This is Viatris
1.0, which will benefit from the many additional opportunities not present within either Mylan or Upjohn on
a stand-alone basis.

As we continue to progress towards closing and the years beyond, I have been well aware of all of your
continued interest and receiving more clarity on what are the -- what actually is the starting baseline
financial targets for Viatris' first full year of operations in 2021. As I shared in the last quarter conference
call and at the JPMorgan conference, I believe I have been very consistent in my focus for Viatris in 2021,
its first full year of operations. We expect that the formal guidance will be delivered to you by Viatris' new
management team, led by Michael, Rajiv and Sanjeev at the close and at the appropriate time after the
transaction closes.

You can expect that the management team will, of course, be taken into consideration. All the known as
well as potentially anticipated headwinds, whether it's the changes in China's health care system, which
some are calling the China reset, the upcoming Lyrica and Celebrex loss of exclusivity in Japan and any
other what-ifs at that time. Simply put, you should expect that the Viatris management team to deliver a
2021 baseline, representing a trough year from which the company can grow from.

Looking ahead beyond that, Viatris will be creating a new global and unique Global Healthcare Gateway,
which will offer many other biotech and spec pharma companies ready access to markets around the globe
by leveraging our true, one-of-a-kind global infrastructure, making Viatris the true partner of choice for
players often facing challenges and utilizing multiple, local or regional partners. We envision Viatris' unique
Global Healthcare Gateway department to leverage our already existing enhanced scientific successes
to date with our own research and development capabilities, as well as those future opportunities we
expect to realize from the Viatris' Global Healthcare Gateway, partnering opportunities to more rapidly
broaden our own product portfolio and future pipeline, including new business models to once again give
the street confidence in Viatris' ability to grow. These are just a few of the additional growth opportunities
not present within, again, either Mylan or Upjohn on a stand-alone basis.

I would like to conclude by sharing what I mentioned at the JPMorgan conference last month. We believe
that Viatris, with its new and unique profile, will be recognized for being at the forefront of establishing
a new kind of global pharmaceutical player designed for where the health care industry is going, not
where it has been. And I am extremely excited about the opportunities ahead for the company and the
value opportunities that Viatris can create for its patients, employees, customers, shareholders and all
stakeholders.
With that, I will now turn the call over to the operator to start the Q&A session. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Schott with JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just maybe a 2-part one here. First, on the 2020 EBITDA guidance for Mylan stand-alone. Just a little bit
more color in terms of why we're seeing a wider range to that EBITDA guidance? Is there less visibility on
the business than there was a few months ago? Or maybe just give us a little bit more color on what the
swing factors are that could leave us at either the high end or low end of that range.

And then a second question, Robert, you talked about 2021 being kind of a trough year for the company
and a baseline to grow off of. When you think about that comment, is that referring to EBITDA? Is that
referring to sales? Or is that referring to both sales and EBITDA? I'm just trying to get a sense of, as we
think about that year when you define trough, what are we thinking about there.

Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So Chris, thanks for the question. EBITDA range. So we clearly provided a set of numbers in July that
had a midpoint on EBITDA of about $3.6 billion. We moved through our second half of the year, did our full
budget analysis, we are -- we have made no changes to that midpoint other than the impact of FX. But as
you would expect when we start a year in a very dynamic industry that has a lot of moving parts, we start
the year like we did last year with a wider range that we fully intend to narrow around that midpoint, just
as we did in 2019. So there's no subtle message or inherent message about widening the range. Other
than that, we're starting the year and we fully anticipate to keep that number that we showed you as the
midpoint right in our focus.

Robert J. Coury
Chairman of The Board

And Chris, thanks for the question. I would say that I'm mainly talking about revenue and EBITDA and
certainly focusing on the maintaining of the high EBITDA margins that we have. I -- we're going to spend
an awful lot of time, and I'm very, very anxious to get to this close. So that management really has the
opportunity to not just look at 2021, but look actually beyond that to ensure that 2021 truly is the trough
year. You only have one time to reset. This is our opportunity to reset. And we, at the Board level, want to
absolutely make sure that management's starting point has the best chance not just to meet but even to
exceed. So that will be the focus that we have. And management, as I said, will come forth at the proper
time to actually give you the actual guidance.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Randall Stanicky with RBC Capital Markets.

Randall S. Stanicky
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Rob, given that 2021 is a trough year, there's been a lot of focus from investors around what Viatris is
going to be able to grow at off of that trough year. We know the Mylan business. It's backed by pipeline.
We understand that. As you think about the Upjohn and the branded business going forward, how do
we think about that growth? I mean, obviously, there's some geographic opportunity. There's some beat
business development. Can you just touch on, are you going to build out a branded R&D capability? And
how should we think about you investing behind that part of the business? And how do we think about
that growth off of 2021?

Robert J. Coury
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Chairman of The Board

Thanks, Randall. And I really think, directionally, you have been doing a really good job in telegraphing.
I think the trajectory of where Viatris will -- where it will be situated when it starts and the opportunities
going forward. So I do appreciate the opportunity for me to embellish. I do think that the -- there will
be opportunities for revenue, the starting point of revenue. I think that whatever that starting point of
revenue is, some of you have directionally already picked up that the EBITDA, we have many levers to, I
think, maintain a strong EBITDA base. We do intend on resetting the revenue base. And I do believe that
there will be an opportunity to grow. I expect that management, I would like at the very minimum, for
them to be able to provide a 3- to 5-year CAGR, both on top line and on EBITDA. And I think that we'll be
able to deliver that in terms of what the trough year is over the 3- to 5-year time frame.

And then, I do believe, again, something I think you've been out in front. This creation of this new Global
Healthcare Gateway, I have to tell you, this has been in the works since 2016 for us. And the only reason
why we didn't announce this before, I mean, obviously, if you saw what we were tied up with in 2016 with
the whole EpiPen situation, and I think the street really, really missed the opportunity in 2018 because we
were drowned out by all the noise, but it was the best year of science in Mylan's almost 60-year history.
And as you could see, not only did we build a robust pipeline, but even some of the commentary that
Rajiv made today, the 3 opportunities that we have in our pipeline. The reason why we couldn't actually
announce the Global Healthcare Gateway that has been underway since 2016 is because without the
Upjohn business and without really having critical mass in China, you really can't make that claim. We
were simply dabbling in China, but Upjohn gave us the critical mass.

So we will be building out an official department that will actually be in charge. It will be -- that
department will be led by the new CEO, Michael Goettler. He will be driving that Global Healthcare
Gateway. And I believe that all future capital allocation and all the disciplines that need to be around
future capital allocations will be within that Global Healthcare Gateway. You can fully expect that our
internal R&D, business development will be in very, very much competition of capital going forward against
continuing debt repayment or share buyback or any other opportunities that we would have. But I do think
that we have a number of levers, and I'm really excited once we get to close this and really establish the
department of the Global Healthcare Gateway, I do think that we will be recognized as partner of choice
and represent a real unique opportunity to bring ready access to other spec pharma companies to bring
their products around the globe.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Robert, I know the word trough for 2021 has come up a few times. As I think through the possible levers
on top line into next year, it's not very hard to get to a top line number for the pro forma company. That
might be around $18 billion or so. So am I on the wrong track there? And also, if we were to end up in
a scenario like that, do you think the cost levers can help you deliver the same EBITDA as you initially
announced at the time of the transaction?

Robert J. Coury
Chairman of The Board

Well, I want to be careful, Umer, because I also think you were a leader out in front doing a lot of work,
extensive work. I think you are directionally, absolutely, I think you've been probably directionally most
correct, quite frankly. And again, I don't -- it's not that I'm giving guidance here. I do think that there
will be adjustments on both revenue and EBITDA, but less on EBITDA because of what you said. Because
of the -- let's not forget the billion dollars of synergies. Let's not forget about the transformational
work that's being done. Let's not forget about some of the other opportunities that we see. And we're
currently even -- I know Michael and Sanjeev were doing work on their side, trying to identify some of the
transformational opportunities even within Upjohn.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

So I think that you're not actually off track. I think you've been kind of sort of spot on. And I think that's
the way others directionally should be looking at it. I think, you, Randall, Chris, there's been several other
analysts that I think have now been trying to understand 2021, and I want to make sure it's a trough year.
That's why I think we need to go out to 2022. And we don't want to say it's a trough year and then set the
numbers in a way where there's another step down. We've seen others do that in the sector, and we saw
the punishment that they had to pay as a result of it. So again, you only get one time to reset. I want to
bring as much clarity as we can or have management bring as much clarity as they can. And at the proper
time, when they give the guidance, I'm sure there'll be a lot of discussion what the new reset of 2021 will
mean and the growth opportunity from there going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gilbert with SunTrust.

Gregory B. Gilbert
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Ken, I was hoping you could comment on free cash flow outlook for 2020, and whether or not it includes
any benefits from the new restructuring program.

And then I was hoping, Rajiv, I could ask you about biosimilars. What have you learned in recent times
about what happens to net price in the biosimilars space as additional entrants launch as compared
to what has occurred in the past with small molecules? And how would you characterize your early
biosimilars pipeline? Are you working on products that -- for which markets won't form for biosimilars until
5 or 10 years from now. Maybe some color just on how early you're going in terms of playing offense on
biosimilars?

Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer

So Greg, I'll start with the free cash flow question. In the prepared comments, as we talked about 2020,
while we're giving you guidance on EBITDA, specifically, I also specifically mentioned and it's worth
reiterating that we think that 2020 free cash flow will be relatively consistent with what you saw and what
we've experienced and generated in 2019. Many of the drivers within that are -- we're starting to see
some of the benefits from the transformation initiatives. But I would also point out, just like we pointed it
out for 2019 as well as 2018, that we continue to work on working capital velocity improvement initiatives.
We've reduced our days working capital by probably 6 or 7 days over the last couple of years. Each day
is about $40 million to Mylan. And so you can imagine, each day that we're able to organize the business
around reducing that working capital requirement gives us another dollar, or in this case, $40 million per
day to invest in their business and redeploy the capital appropriately. So the simple answer is, effectively,
the same cash generation in 2020 supporting the new product launches but always focusing heavily on
working capital improvements.

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

So Greg, I'm going to give you a little bit about the pipeline of biosimilars and Tony will embellish on the
market dynamics with me. Biosimilars will continue to be one of the growth drivers as we go along and
transition into Viatris. Now you're aware of our existing pipeline, whether it's EYLEA or aspart, a follow-on
to insulin. You are aware of our filing and our goal date of December 27 for Avastin. But beyond that, we
are looking -- we also have, for Europe, rituximab and Enbrel biosimilars, which will be most likely getting
to the market in this year. And further to that, if you recall, we had our partnership with Momenta, which
was midway dissolved, but there were molecules like ORENCIA, Prolia and STELARA, where some of those
programs are in very early stage. But we also extended our Biocon relationship to include PERJETA as well
as Toujeo. So -- and we -- you can be rest assured, we continue to look for more opportunities around this
and share with you as we go along. Tony?

Anthony Mauro
Chief Commercial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Thanks, Rajiv. And Greg, maybe just touching upon your question around biosimilars and that pricing, I
would say each market has their own unique capabilities. Certainly, there's markets that are focused on
tenders, others that require physician-generated demand. It really comes down to the cost to develop, the
services required from a patient perspective and the hybrid approach, from physician detailing, to working
with hospitals and pharmacies that really generate, I think, that best mix. And I'm very excited about the
biosimilars we have in our portfolio today and certainly, the pipeline that we've outlined for the future as
well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gerberry with BofA.

Jason Matthew Gerberry
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I was hoping you can comment on your supply chain and contingency measures in the event, I guess,
if the coronavirus leads to production, I guess, slowdowns in China. So what proportion of your API and
key starting materials are sourced from China? If you think about issues that could emerge if there is a
prolonged work impact there, is it more about rise of API cost that you get hurt by? Or is it potentially
your contracts with distributors where there could be failure to supply penalties? Or do those contracts
give you some flexibility in crisis situations like such?

Heather Bresch
CEO & Executive Director

Thanks, Jason. I'll just start off. Obviously, I think the impact of this virus is changing by the day. I
mean our first and foremost consideration right now is just the toll on human life and having a global
workforce as we do. We're trying to take any precautions and, as I said in my script, follow the World
Health Organization's recommendation. So kind of first and foremost, given where we are at this moment
and what we know, that's been where our emphasis has been. But as we said, we're certainly watching
and monitoring the business aspects of such. And so, Rajiv, do you want to...

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

Look, from a supply chain point of view, I think the whole industry is in one way or another way connected
with China. But you would expect us to be much better placed because of our back order integration and
very diversified supply chain. When I say diversified, let's look into our top 20, 25 products, which we are
not relying on China at all. But when it comes to our API, we have not only backward integration, but we
have also some alternative arrangements. But we can't say -- I think if I look forward, I don't see any
impact in the very near future. But if this situation persists and continues for another few months, there
can be impact. More I'm concerned from drug shortage point of view, not much from the pricing point of
view.

Robert J. Coury
Chairman of The Board

I think the only thing I would add, Jason, this is Rob, is I don't think -- because I've read some reports
where some analysts may think this affects certain companies more than others, I have to tell you, in our
industry, I don't believe that's the case. Because we do both API and because we do rely on intermediates,
all API, all API producers rely on intermediates. All in a lot -- I mean, I think it's well-known that most
of the intermediates do come from China. So all API suppliers are going to be affected, not just Mylan.
We've been fortunate to vertically integrate and have a lot of our own API. But we still need to get the
intermediates. And even some of the API that we have, we may sell some to third party. We buy some
from third party. So because the entire spec and generic industry is kind of sort of connected, so to speak,
when it comes to the API of intermediates, I think whatever impact there is going to be, it's going to be a
broad impact and not particularly any one company or the other.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein.

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Congratulations on the fine quarter, and thank you for the time taking my question. I'd like to, if you don't
mind, try to stick 2 here. One of them, you've mentioned the intermediates for manufacturing. And you
also mentioned that you had an increase in factory costs going into your HIV products. I was wondering
if you can tell us more broadly. Are we seeing an intermediate price increase? Will this impact the generic
industry in 2020 given at least concerns about product shortage? Are you factoring that in? Is that one of
the arguments for broadening the range of EBITDA?

And second, on biosimilars. Rajiv, if I look at the biosimilar adoptions of late entrant products, they
actually look quite low for all the companies that enter kind of like second wave. You have a couple of
products which are entering second wave or supply coming online after the market have already formed.
Is your impression that in the biosimilar markets, you can catch up? Or are we really in a market which is
somewhat similar to the generic market in years back? The earlier players are inherently going to capture
the vast majority of the profit pool.

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

Okay. So let me just start with, I think, the first API question, the intermediate question. I don't believe,
at this point of sale, we can -- we see any more inflation from the pricing point of view, that there will
be, at this point of sale, and I'm just going to say that when Robert talked about intermediate, we
were fortunate to backward integrate to a large extent, even from our intermediate. Over last 3, 4
years, looking into the volatility of supply from China, we focused on derisking their supply and create
alternatives. So even kind of -- but I will tell you still a couple of intermediates, we still are relying heavily
on China. But so far, we are not seeing issue from the pricing point of view. We are seeing logistical issues.
We're not seeing a disruption from them not being able to produce. So putting that -- sorry, you want to
go ahead?

Robert J. Coury
Chairman of The Board

Well, I think what Rajiv -- the only thing I would add, Ronny, I would like to tell you that before this whole
coronavirus situation, we have experienced significant increases in some of our API costs last year and
actually, quite frankly, probably within the last 1.5 years to 2 years. So we have already experienced price
increases. As Rajiv mentioned, I think there should be a bigger concern on shortages rather than pricing.

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

Yes. And so I think we are much -- we're not -- we are, first of all, from a supply point of view, our major
concern is from supply point of view that when we reach that point when there might be a disruption. But
we are still -- amongst all other players, we are still much better backward integrated and have our own
other options.

Now coming to the biosimilars, you're right. But here's how I see it and I would like Tony to add up if he
wants to add up anything. I don't think that if you are not in the first or second -- first wave, it should
be an issue. And you saw -- a good example is on Fulphila, where we had some supply constraints. We
launched ahead and you -- then share caught up pretty well. So -- and now -- but it does take time just
by the -- because of the unique nature of this business and the channels. So we are very optimistic that
once we have -- '19 was a year for us to fix the portfolio from a supply perspective, which we had fixed
now. And now we'll go and fix our -- get the customers or market share, which we need. Tony?

Anthony Mauro
Chief Commercial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Yes, maybe just to add quickly. I think, once again, depending on the market, certainly, the tender
market, you have equal opportunity to compete regardless of the wave. And in markets like the U.S., in
particular, in the oncology space, there are reimbursement mechanisms that actually can help the new
entrant to the market. So I think as Rajiv outlined, 2019 was a year about very focused, very surgical
approach to these customers. 2020 is a year of expansion in our business, in these products and all these
markets. So I do think you have an opportunity to play no matter where you're at.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. So I just wanted to ask a high-level question first, Robert, about the evolution of generic markets
in Europe and emerging markets in Asia. So over time, it seems like generics evolved from branded to
then branded generic and then ultimately, generic-generic. Could you speak to how you see Mylan's
opportunity to capitalize on that trend longer term given the footprint that Upjohn has particularly in
emerging markets in Asia?

And then second, just a very minor question, which is management had talked about the opportunity to
move biosimilar BOTOX forward. I think that the comment was on the third quarter call that if you move it
forward, it could be something that you could commercialize by 2025. Could you just give us an update on
your development plans there?

Robert J. Coury
Chairman of The Board

Why don't you take BOTOX first, and then I'll hit the second one.

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

So David, thank you. For BOTOX, if you recall, we had told you that we had a meeting with the FDA
last year, which confirmed a biosimilar pathway to be a viable pathway. And we have data -- we have a
deadline of April 30 to basically extend our relationship with everyone. Even today, we are working with
them very closely to evaluate some more data so that we can be very sure that we have a viable product.
If that -- if we go ahead, yes, we'll be able to launch it before 2025.

Robert J. Coury
Chairman of The Board

And David, I think you actually have a really good question at a high level. And I think you're spot on
in the natural progression, especially started in Europe, where you had brand, which they call ethical
drugs, and then brand generic and then generic. But what I -- and so we've discovered this and have been
operating in that environment with all 3. And of course, we also discovered the importance of OTC, which
we added that on, because each one of these markets, David, are actually driven by a different priority
scheme. Some markets are actually driven by generics. Some markets are actually still driven by brand,
and most markets accept brand generics. And believe it or not, OTC has its advantages just because of
the relationship that the OTC rep has with pharmacies. It's a little bit different than when you're regulated
both either in the brand or the generics.

So I will tell you, in Europe, there's actually still quite a bit of -- especially Central and Eastern Europe, I
wouldn't say that generics has taken the kind of hold yet that we believe that it will eventually take. But
it's that learning that we have and what we've lived in Europe. And where I think you're insightful is that
when you think about what Upjohn's bringing to the table, they have yet to experience, quite frankly, what
it's like to go from a brand, maybe brand generics, but certainly not generics. So I think the skill set that
we're going to be bringing them to the emerging market opportunities that we have, I think that will be
one of the upside synergy values that I expect that we're going to gain when we bring the 2 organizations
together. Rajiv, do you want to add something?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

Yes. Especially from emerging markets point of view, most of the emerging markets are branded generics
market are not generics-generics markets. And that's where the infrastructure with Upjohn will further get
us in these markets, will help us get more market share and critical mass in these markets. What Upjohn
doesn't bring is what Mylan will provide is the portfolio. So we already have significant portfolio and a
pipeline which can be dropped in this market and Upjohn will provide us that extended sales force and
commercial infrastructure.

Robert J. Coury
Chairman of The Board

But I think, Rajiv, also, it should be noted, there is -- honestly, there is a real, different skill set between
a brand rep and a generic rep. And I have to tell you, one, the brand rep, it's just a different mindset. The
generic rep, a little bit more scrappy, quick on her feet, dealing with a very volatile, highly competitive
environment. It's really the mixture of both of them, dependent upon what markets we're operating in,
that we intend on pulling the strength from both. And as Rajiv mentioned, we're really looking forward to
the skill set of the Upjohn reps in some of those markets that we just didn't have presence. If we had to
build that presence, it would have taken us time. And that's what I meant by the Upjohn transaction never
changed the trajectory of our strategy. It simply accelerated it at least by 3 to 5 years.

Operator

Your last question comes from the line of Elliot Wilbur with Raymond James.

Elliot Henry Wilbur
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Just switching gears and going back to performance expectations for the Mylan stand-alone business. Just
wondering if you could provide a little bit of color commentary on expected margin trends in each of your
reportable segments, North America, Europe, Rest of World. I would presume that given you're expecting
top line growth in each of those, should be reasonable to assume margin expansion as well on a segment
basis, but not certain of that necessarily in the North American segment, I guess, given the importance of
some of the partnered products to new product revenue expectations in 2020. So just maybe a little bit of
commentary on expected margin performance in each of those segments.

Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer

Sure, Elliot. Thanks for the question. Look, I think I'll start just also and take you back to the fact that
you'll see in the press release that we've included some discussion that's not in any way intended to be
a new discussion. But for the last 12 to 18 months, we've been talking about the fact that we're really
looking at the right -- trying to find the right measure that we can talk to you about, about -- that is
consistent with how we talk about the business internally. And that's why we're moving to an EBITDA
measure, and it gives you some of the background for that.

In doing so, what I also want to point out is that comes out a lot of the transformation work that we've
been doing over the last year plus. And when I give you a little bit of color about that transformation
work, it will help you to understand why we're maybe not giving as much specificity around gross margins
versus SG&A rates because in that transformation work, we're really looking at economic profit on each
one of our products in all the segments and all the businesses and all the markets around the world. And
in doing so, as you can imagine, each product has a different gross margin profile. Depending on the
nature, you just heard the discussion on the previous question around how the product is either marketed
or represented or how much support it has to have for it, whether it be from a salesperson or from a
tendering process, it may have a different SG&A rate. But what we're really trying to look at is we're trying
to look at the bottom line operating margin, EBITDA profitability on each one of these products.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Now that said, I will tell you that we don't anticipate significant movements in our gross margin rate from
2019 to 2020, or significant movements in our SG&A rate from 2019 to 2020. But we want to transition
and help you transition to thinking about the business the way that we think about it, which is bottom
line operating profitability on each one of the products that are in our portfolio, because that's how we're
making decisions around the business today.

Robert J. Coury
Chairman of The Board

Great. Before we close the line, I'd just like to say one thing. A lot of shareholders have been requesting
time with Michael and now, obviously, going to be with Sanjeev, and I can't express to you enough how
excited and anxious we are to put Michael and Rajiv and Sanjeev in front of all of you. I would only simply
ask for your patience because we are dealing within a highly complex integration. I'd just like to remind
you that Pfizer was right in the midst of separating this business. They were probably only about 25% or
30% into their separation and -- when Mylan came along. So when you're doing a transaction like this,
it's not a typical merger. This is a reverse Morris trust, where you do have 3 parties here. So there is the
amount of work that is being done and why it's taking a little bit longer than maybe a typical transaction.
It's extensive. And I can't even begin to tell you, daily, weekly, weekends, the amount of time that people
are putting in to make sure that we are in a readiness mode from day 1.

Now with that said, I will tell you that if you'll just be patient, we will have Michael, Sanjeev and Rajiv get
around to shareholders more for -- not for really anything else but a meet and greet, I would say a get to
know, anxious to have them meet together with all the analysts, with some of the shareholders. I think
that would be proper, especially even before they come and even give the guidance so that you kind of
get to know the individuals. I think we have a really good team. I have to tell you, it's taken some time
to really pull together and coalesce this management team. They are tight. They are aligned. I think that
they get stronger by the day, by the week. And again, I'd just ask -- I want to acknowledge your desire,
but I would ask for your patience, and we will get around to you as quickly as we possibly can. Thank you.

Operator
This does conclude today's Mylan fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call and webcast. Please
disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MYLAN N.V. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

