Nasdaq, Inc. NasdaqGS:NDAQ
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 20, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.73

1.78

Revenue  (mm)

833.07

838.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-20-2021 3:02 AM GMT

2.89

0.59

1.76

7.31

7.57

854.80

3373.88

3519.48

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.45

1.74

1.76

1.73

1.60

1.96

1.90

1.78

10.34 %

12.64 %

7.95 %

2.89 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research &
Trading, LLC, Research Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Nasdaq's Third Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Ed Ditmire, Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Nasdaq's third quarter 2021
financial results. On the line are Adena Friedman, our CEO; Ann Dennison, our CFO; John Zecca, our Chief
Legal and Regulatory Officer; and other members of the management team. After prepared remarks, we'll
open up the line to Q&A.

The press release and presentation are on our website. We intend to use the website as a means of
disclosing material nonpublic information and complying with disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation
FD.

I'd like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during Q&A may relate to future
events and expectations and as such, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from these
projections. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from forward-looking
statements is contained in our press release and periodic reports filed with the SEC.

I'll now turn the call over to Adena.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. My remarks today will focus on
Nasdaq's third quarter 2021 performance, the progress we're making on our strategic repositioning and
updates on areas where we are making significant investments to address large opportunities. I'll also
share brief remarks about the current operating environment before I turn the call over to Ann, who will
provide further details about our results as well as an update on our guidance, our capital deployment and
our corporate sustainability efforts before we move to Q&A.

Let me begin by acknowledging the Nasdaq team's dedication to our broader mission as we made notable
progress in the third quarter. Their hard work has been critical to our success in delivering strong results
for our clients. Together, we will continue our journey to become the leading provider of technology, data
analytics, insights and marketplace excellence to the global capital markets and beyond.

Now turning to our financial results for the third quarter of 2021. Nasdaq delivered net revenues of $838
million, an increase of $123 million or 17% from the prior year period. Our growth was largely driven
by 13% organic revenue growth in our Solutions segment, 14% organic growth in our Market Services
business and contributions from our acquisition of Verafin.

We continue to make notable progress across key secular growth opportunities as illustrated by total
company annualized recurring revenue or ARR of $1.834 billion, an increase of 19% compared to the
prior year period. Within our recurring revenue businesses, we are seeing some of our best performances
from our SaaS-based solutions. Specifically, Anti Financial Crime Technology is showing particularly strong
results with revenues increasing 16% excluding the impact of Verafin. Verafin will begin to be included in
our organic growth calculations next year, and we saw an increase of over 30% versus prior year in that
business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Additionally, in our Investment Intelligence business, our SaaS products, including the Nasdaq Asset
Owner Solutions, which is the new name for the combined eVestment and Solovis products, drove the
13% increase in Analytics revenue. Our third quarter results underscore the continued progress we've
made to advance our strategy and additionally, demonstrate the value capture from the flywheel effect,
which is our ability to leverage the momentum in one business area to drive success in other parts of the
business.

For example, our success in attracting the majority of the quarter's new listings and capital raise to
Nasdaq drives higher growth in equities and options trading and multiplies cross-sell opportunities for
our Investor Relations and ESG-related services. It also contributes to the vitality of our index business
like the Nasdaq-100 and the NASDAQ Next Gen 100 indexes and enhances the brand's strength in
other strategic growth areas of the company. As we continue to evolve Nasdaq into a high-performance
technology company, each quarter that passes gives us an opportunity to reflect on the progress we've
made.

A critical pillar of our success has been our ability to allocate capital towards our technology and analytics
capabilities. Our acquisition of Verafin has established us as a leader in Anti Financial Crime Technology
as we build upon our already strong foundation in that area of the market. In the third quarter, our legacy
Trade Surveillance segment saw the largest quarterly order intake in the last several years, adding new
business across all regions, while our market surveillance group signed 2 new clients for our SaaS-based
solutions, including a new crypto exchange client.

Another pillar has been our ability to advance our leading corporate and marketplace positions. Corporate
Platforms revenues increased 18% versus the prior year period, driven primarily by outstanding growth in
the Nasdaq-listed issuer base across our U.S. and Nordic markets. It has been a record year so far for new
listings in the Nordics with over 132 new listings coming to Nasdaq year-to-date. Additionally, the U.S.
has experienced the best new issuance here in the past 2 decades, and Nasdaq continues to demonstrate
strength with a 75% win rate for IPOs in the quarter and a 72% win rate year-to-date.

As our listed issuer base grows, we're seeing correlated demand for our suite of IR and ESG services.
Within ESG specifically, we see continued interest in our Nasdaq OneReport and our ESG advisory
solutions coming from every -- from companies at every stage of their ESG journey, including companies
preparing to list on Nasdaq.

I would like to acknowledge briefly here that we are pleased with the SEC's approval during the quarter of
our proposal to enhance Board diversity disclosures. While there have been meaningful developments to
advance Board diversity across the governance ecosystem, we believe the standardized manner by which
Nasdaq-listed companies will disclose this information will be critical to driving further progress. We look
forward to working with our listed companies to implement the new listing rules.

Market Services is another area of our business where we are seeing that flywheel-related success.
Our expanded issuer base benefits equity trading since our share of trading and average capture rate
is significantly higher in Nasdaq-listed stocks than it is in stocks listed on other venues. An expanded
ecosystem of equity trading in turn brings positive impacts to the options industry where Nasdaq led all
exchanges in the third quarter in the U.S. Equity Options contracts traded.

We're also excited by the early progress we're seeing in the growing suite of ESG-related capital market
solutions within Market Services. These include the Nasdaq Sustainable Bond Network; our European
green bond listing service; our carbon removal marketplace, Puro.Earth; as well as the expansion of our
Nordic ESG derivatives offering. Overall, our Market Services segment saw revenues increase 15% in the
third quarter versus the prior year. And this was largely driven by increases in equity derivatives and cash
equity net revenues, although all subsegments of Market Services delivered year-over-year increases.

Our Investment Intelligence business saw revenues increase 30% during the third quarter compared to
the prior year period -- I'm sorry, our Investment Intelligence businesses saw revenues increase 15%
in the third quarter compared to the prior year period. This was driven by a combination of geographic
expansion in our Market Data business, higher assets under management and exchange-traded products

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

linked to the Nasdaq indexes as well as strong new sales, higher client retention and take-up of new
capabilities across the Analytics offerings.

Our index business continued its strong 2021 performance in the third quarter with revenues up 38%
compared -- versus the prior year on a combination of both strong market performance of our most
important thematic indexes as well as very material net inflows. We're especially pleased to see positive
responses from the market to some of our newer products in our index franchise with notable AUM
growth in the Invesco innovation suite, the new Mirae ETF tracking, the Philex semiconductor index and
the Hashdex products linked to the Nasdaq Crypto Index. More broadly, AUM in Nasdaq-licensed ETPs
launched since 2019 reached $13 billion at the end of the third quarter.

We are also unlocking new areas of innovation in our Analytics business to bring more data and
transparency to the institutional marketplace. This includes a significant partnership announced in July
with Mercer, a leading consultant for institutional asset owners that gives our asset owner clients broader
access to high-quality research on investment managers and their various investment strategies through
a simplified workflow, enabling deeper due diligence. We expect this partnership to expand our clients'
usage of our asset owner solutions going forward.

While we continue our strategic journey, I would like to highlight next how we are measuring our progress
in evolving the company at the highest level using 2 key metrics. First, our year-to-date organic revenue
growth across the Solutions segment continues to meet or exceed the medium-term outlook of 6% to 9%
annualized growth that we initiated after adding Verafin. Our 2021 year-to-date organic growth across the
Solutions segment is 15%.

Secondly, because we are growing our SaaS revenues even more quickly than the 19% increase in ARR
year-over-year, the total percentage of ARR that we are generating from our SaaS businesses rose to 34%
at the end of the third quarter. This is up from 28% in the prior year period and continues to move us
closer to our medium-term objective of 40% to 50% by 2025.

We are very pleased with the progress that our teams continue to make regarding SaaS contributions to
our revenues, both organically and inorganically. Here are 2 brief examples that demonstrate our progress
and innovation to support this growth. It has been 8 months since we completed the acquisition of Verafin,
and our collaboration to date affirms our belief that this combination can accelerate new opportunities.
This is particularly the case with larger Tier 1 and Tier 2 banks and those international banks from outside
of Verafin's traditional customer franchise in North America.

The Verafin team is executing on its strategy to further penetrate Tier 2 banks, which we define as banks
holding total assets of $50 billion, and we secured another significant win during the quarter through
our joint efforts. While we still have significant developments in progress to unlock broader adoption
among new customer groups, our early milestones certainly validate the potential that we have identified
together.

Additionally, we continue to evolve our cloud-based data offerings with the launch of the Nasdaq Data Link
in September. This new platform includes a comprehensive suite of core data covering financial markets,
investment fund information and alternative data to every segment of the investment landscape. It's the
perfect illustration of our SaaS evolution in a key growth area at Nasdaq, and it underscores our ability
to give clients an efficient means to consume and manage market-related data sets in the cloud, which
is becoming a standard practice for many users. Initial interest in Nasdaq Data Link is encouraging. The
platform has seen daily average of 3,000 new visitors and 200 new account activations in the weeks
following the launch.

Next, I will briefly address areas of our business where factors impacting the current operating landscape
are particularly relevant today and in the near term. By and large, we continue to operate within the
confines of the pandemic. While there has been slow progress to enable in-person activities and on-site
client visits, it remains far from the environment in which we operated prior to March of 2020. We are
however fortunate that our diversified business model allows us to be executing at a very high level across
our operations despite the prolonged backdrop of the pandemic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

The logistical challenges of COVID-19 to travel, intense collaboration and on-site installation and
integration have had their highest impact on the market infrastructure technology business within our
Market Technology segment. We have had several complex clearing and post-trade implementation
projects that have experienced longer time lines and have required more resources to progress. These
challenges have slowed revenue recognition and have increased near-term implementation expenses,
impacting near-term margins and creating short-term capacity constraints despite growing demand from
clients. The second half of 2021 continues to be heavily impacted by this dynamic. And with this business
having relatively high revenue visibility and clear capacity constraints, we know now that in the near term,
market infrastructure technology revenue growth within the broader Market Technology segment will
continue to be impacted in 2022 even if the underlying logistical challenges of the pandemic improve.

On the other hand, in our Corporate Platforms business, the pandemic period has created some
efficiencies to the go-public process. Notably, IPO road shows have turned virtual, making them more
efficient for companies and investors. The new efficiencies have contributed to investors' ability to evaluate
a multitude of new issuers and have increased bankers' capacity to support companies going through the
IPO process. As of today, the pipeline for new listings remains robust based on the number of active S-1
registrations on file with the SEC. Assuming current market conditions persist, we have a strong visibility
into the upcoming 6 months, and we anticipate this momentum to continue as we enter the final months
of the year and into at least the first quarter of 2022.

Turning to how we envision our ability to sustain sizable growth in the long term. I see 2 key elements to
our potential future -- sorry, our future potential. First, we have evolved Nasdaq's businesses to focus on
critical capabilities that are strategically important to our clients, and we have become more client-centric
than ever. This evolution has allowed us to focus on providing the right data, insights and technology that
our clients need to be successful across the capital markets today and tomorrow.

Second, we have strong competitive positions in very sizable markets with -- in the key areas of growth
for Nasdaq. It is a combined serviceable addressable market of $20 billion across our Anti Financial
Crime and Trade Surveillance technologies, our indexes and investment analytics solutions as well as our
Investor Relations, governance and ESG services. Based on our traction in these growth businesses today,
we are incredibly excited about the opportunities that lie ahead of us.

As I wrap up, I want to reiterate that we are entering the final months of 2021 with remarkable
momentum as we make steady and consistent progress across our key growth areas and our foundational
marketplace businesses. Combined with the favorable capital markets and macroeconomic backdrop, we
remain well positioned to advance our strategy into '22 -- 2022 and beyond.

And with that, I will turn it over to Ann to review the financial results in greater detail.

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Adena, and good morning, everyone. My commentary will primarily focus on our non-GAAP
results, and all comparisons will be to the prior year period unless otherwise noted. Reconciliations of U.S.
GAAP to non-GAAP results can be found in our press release as well as in a file located in the Financials
section of our Investor Relations website at ir.nasdaq.com.

I will start by reviewing third quarter performance beginning on Slide 11 of the presentation. The 17%
increase in reported net revenue of $838 million is the net result of organic growth of 13%, including
13% organic increase in the Solutions segment and a 14% organic increase in Market Services; and the
contribution from Verafin as well as the impact from divestitures.

Moving to operating profit and margins. Non-GAAP operating income increased 20% while the non-GAAP
operating margin of 53% increased 1 percentage point compared to the prior year period. Non-GAAP net
income attributable to Nasdaq for the third quarter of 2021 was $303 million or $1.78 per diluted share
compared to $256 million or $1.53 per diluted share in the prior year period.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Turning to Slide 12. As Adena mentioned earlier, ARR totaled $1.834 billion, an increase of 19% from the
prior year period, while annualized SaaS revenues totaled $620 million, an increase of 42%. Excluding the
impact of Verafin, ARR increased 10% year-over-year.

I will now review quarterly segment results on Slides 13 through 16. Starting with Market Technology.
Revenue increased $28 million or 33%. The increase reflects the positive $29 million impact from the
acquisition of Verafin and a $5 million increase in our existing Anti Financial Crime Technology business,
partially offset by an organic revenue decline of $6 million in our market infrastructure technology
business.

Excluding a $3 million FX impact as well as the $7 million purchase price adjustment on deferred revenue
associated with the closing of the Verafin transaction, Verafin revenues would have been $39 million in
the third quarter period and Anti Financial Crime Technology would have been $73 million, with both our
existing surveillance and Verafin's FRAML solution continuing to exhibit strong momentum. The revenue
decline within the market infrastructure technology business was driven primarily by the planned roll-
off of a sizable maintenance and support licensing contract with a customer who will continue to use our
technology under our license agreement; as well as a decrease, more broadly, in change requests and
installation revenues, a consequence of both a strong comparison period in the third quarter of 2020 and
capacity constraints we're working through due to logistical implications of the pandemic.

ARR for Market Technology was $428 million in the third quarter of 2021, an increase of 54% compared to
the prior year period. The Market Technology segment operating margin was 9% in the period. Excluding
the impact of the previously mentioned $7 million purchase price adjustment related to Verafin, the
operating margin would have been 14%.

Investment Intelligence revenue increased $36 million or 15%, all of which was organic. Organic revenue
growth during the period reflects very strong growth in our index business as well as a meaningful
contribution from Analytics. Annualized recurring revenue or ARR was $555 million, an increase of 9%
compared to the prior year period.

AUM and ETPs licensed to Nasdaq indices rose 15% compared to the prior year period to $361 billion,
including $53 billion from net inflows and an $87 billion net increase from market appreciation, partially
offset by a $92 billion negative impact related to the previously discussed ETP sponsor switches. These
switches collectively were associated with about a $3 million in run rate quarterly revenues, which will be
fully reflected in our revenues for the first time in the fourth quarter of 2021. The Investment Intelligence
segment operating margin of 65% is unchanged compared to the prior year period as we continue to
make strategic investments in index and Analytics to support sustained growth.

Corporate Platforms revenues increased $24 million or 18%, reflecting organic growth. The increase
was primarily driven by higher U.S. listings revenues due to the expansion in our listed issuer base
as well as higher adoption across the breadth of our Investor Relations and newer ESG advisory and
reporting offerings. Corporate Platforms ARR was $529 million and increased 17% compared to the prior
year period. The Corporate Platforms segment operating margin of 42% increased 3 percentage points
compared to the prior year period.

Market Services net revenues increased $39 million or 15%. The organic revenue increase was $37 million
or 14%, and there was a $2 million positive impact from changes in FX rates. The organic increase reflects
higher Equity Derivatives, Cash Equities and trade management services revenues. The segment operating
margin of 63% increased 3 percentage points from the prior year period, reflecting strong operating
leverage on higher trading revenues.

One modeling item to note is that for the fourth quarter of 2021 and January '22, we have waived the
collection of certain regulatory fees for 4 of our U.S. equity options markets. This is in order to ensure that
collection of the fees, in combination with other regulatory fees and fines, does not exceed our regulatory
costs. Holding all else equal, the removal of the fee is expected to reduce our reported capture rate by
approximately $0.015 per contract in the fourth quarter of 2021 and approximately $0.005 per contract in
the first quarter of 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Turning to Page 17 to review both expenses and guidance. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased $51
million to $397 million. The increase reflects a $26 million or 8% organic increase, a $21 million increase
from the net impact of acquisition and divestitures as well as a $4 million increase from the impact of
changes in FX rates due to a weaker U.S. dollar.

The organic expense increase has 2 main drivers: first, higher compensation expense reflecting our
continued investment to drive growth and an increase in variable performance-linked compensation due
to our outstanding results; and second, increased costs related to what has been a very active capital
markets backdrop, including expenses related to increased trading capacity and marketing commitments
supporting our listing clients. Consistent with what we said last quarter about expenses coming in near
the high end of the range if performance continues to be strong in relation to our medium-term growth
objectives, we are narrowing our 2021 non-GAAP operating expense guidance to a range of $1.605 billion
to $1.62 billion from $1.59 billion to $1.62 billion previously. The updated range reflects the impact of
strong and broad-based organic revenue growth in the first 9 months of 2021 on variable expenses.

Turning to Slide 18. Debt increased by $226 million versus 2Q '21, primarily due to net issuances of $259
million of commercial paper, primarily used to fund the accelerated share repurchase program or ASR;
and a net increase of $19 million of Eurobonds from refinancing our 2023 Eurobond with a 2033 Eurobond
during the quarter. This is partially offset by a $52 million decrease in Eurobond book values caused by a
weaker euro. Our total debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA ratio ended the period at 3.2x, unchanged from
the second quarter of 2021.

During the third quarter of 2021, the company paid common stock dividends in the aggregate of $90
million and repurchased common stock in the amount of $475 million, including the initial delivery of
approximately 2 million shares of common stock related to the ASR agreement we entered into in July. We
expect to receive the remaining shares related to the ASR in the fourth quarter of 2021 and for additional
planned repurchases related to the sale of our U.S. Fixed Income business to resume in 2022. As of
September 30, 2021, there was $984 million remaining under the share repurchase authorization. We
continue to expect EPS dilution from the sale of Nasdaq Fixed Income to be about 2% in the first 12
months following the June 25 close but to diminish to immaterial levels after that.

Turning to Slide 19. I want to begin regularly addressing our focus on ESG elements of our business, both
internally and externally, because we believe Nasdaq has an important set of opportunities in terms of our
sustainability and external impact, and we have a strong momentum in executing against them. We're
committed to the highest level of sustainability in terms of how we run our businesses and serve all of
our stakeholders but also have positioned ourselves to develop high impact outside of the organization
through our anti-fin crime solutions; our carbon removal marketplace, Puro; and our unique ESG products
and services offer to our corporate clients as well as our efforts to further our corporate purpose through
focused philanthropy and volunteerism. Our purpose is to champion inclusive growth and prosperity, and
we have chosen to emphasize financial literacy and extensive entrepreneurship education and support
within underserved communities throughout the U.S.

During 2021, we've expanded our ESG disclosures with new climate reporting and task force on climate-
related financial commitments. Additionally, we have substantially expanded our anti-financial crime and
ESG products and services capabilities, and we've received FCC approval for our listing rule promoting
increased transparency on Board diversity. We have much to do to continue executing on our ESG
opportunities, but we were very encouraged to see Sustainalytics, a leading provider of ESG research and
ratings, recently recognize our progress in these areas. Our latest Sustainalytics ESG risk rating improved
to a level that puts Nasdaq in the top 3 percentile of all rated companies. We look forward to updating you
on a regular basis as we progress our ESG initiatives going forward.
Thank you for your time. And I'll turn it back over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Congrats on the strong results here. I guess you're having tremendous success with the annual -- growth
of annual recurring revenues and the mix of SaaS revenues in there. And you did talk about -- you said
you focused on the critical capabilities of your clients and more clients. So the question is, looking back,
how important is equity trading and equity market share? Even though -- again, your revenues there are
growing because volumes have grown, but looking -- an old metric was equity market share and revenue
capture. How important is that to Nasdaq as you make this transformation?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Well, I would say every part of our business is important, Rich, and important to us. And so we do look
at -- we examine every element of our business. Our core marketplace business really serves as our
foundation for our ability to serve our clients in a lot of other ways. So we're extremely focused on it.

I think that we've seen some shifts in market share as well as just in a couple of different dynamics.
One has been the increase in retail, which has increased internalization and just -- and decreased overall
exchange's share of trading. And I think that within that, that's an area that obviously we're seeing some
more work done by the regulators just to understand that dynamic. I think that the second is, of course,
the launch of some new exchanges that have come forward, and they have actually primarily focused on
gathering some of that retail order flow and trying to compete for it.

So we have really taken a very balanced approach in terms of being strategic in how we serve our
clients. We want to make sure that we provide kind of a sustainable marketplace, that we do things in a
competitive way but also create a sustainable advantage for our markets and for our clients that operate
in our markets. And so we've taken, I would say, a very measured and balanced approach to managing
share, managing capture and evaluating kind of the composition of trading in the markets to make sure
that we're kind of balanced there. And that -- I would say that applies to both our equities and options
markets and how we're looking at our share and capture and the dynamics there.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then the one follow-up would be on market tech. You certainly explained the quarter-over-
quarter decline and the pandemic impact. Could you give more color on sort of the pipeline and how long
do you think this impact -- I guess if you could forecast that or just color going forward in the current -- if
the environment stayed roughly the same, I guess.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, first of all, I do think the environment is starting to generally improve in terms of being able to
travel a bit now. But we're still doing most of our client interactions on Zoom, and that makes it harder.
It's also harder to develop kind of what I would call the top end of the pipeline, the top end of the funnel
in terms of identifying new clients. But I do think we've done a good job of adapting there to try to make
sure that we know which new marketplaces are starting to consider launching and how we can serve
them.

So you're seeing that we are still signing up new clients, for sure. They are taking our SaaS-based
marketplace solutions, which we're also pretty excited about. I think more than 90% of our new clients --

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

any new clients that's signing up for us across all of market tech, and that includes market infrastructure
technology clients as well as anti-fin crime, actually, well more than 90% are taking our SaaS-based
solutions. And that includes new markets launching in the cloud and taking our next-gen trading system.
So we see a good pipeline, I would say, Rich.

And we also see that we could do more. And we definitely want to be able to identify client opportunities a
little earlier, and travel will help with that. But I also would say that on the post-trade side, which is where
we've really experienced most of our delivery challenges, those are harder to implement. They take --
they're multiyear programs. They always have been. But they are definitely lengthening out in time with
our inability to be on site. We are starting to get on site now with some of our clients, and that's helping --
definitely helping to accelerate things.

And I also think that it's keeping us from being able to meet all the demands that our clients have. So we
do see good strong client demand there, but we have to make sure that we have the resources to be able
to meet the demand. So we've been working with our clients to kind of stage that over time. And that's
what I think is going to -- is what we really were referring to in our comments around 2021 and 2022, is
just that we see the need for us to manage through those capacity constraints before we can really meet
all the demands that our clients have.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Got it. And congrats on the continued transformation, Adena.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thanks a lot, Rich.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Wanted to follow up on the market tech component, and just thinking -- I think you mentioned some
increased costs around some of the implementations as well. So the longer term kind of margin
opportunity within this business, has that changed at all? Or is that also just kind of part of the temporary
revenue slowdown more of a factor than necessarily costs on a go-forward basis?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I think that there are 2 metrics that we've provided to our investor base to kind of measure our
progress in the business. One is just our overall medium- to long-term growth outlook on revenues, and
then the other is this notion of the rule of 40, which is really a combination of the growth in the revenues
and the EBITDA margin of the business. And so what our outlook is, is that we expect to be able to deliver
13% to 16% annualized growth over the coming 3- to 5-year period across Market Technology. And that
includes the market infrastructure technology business and the Anti Financial Crime business together.
And we do continue to believe that, that is an appropriate expectation of growth for the business going
forward.

I think that the -- on the rule of 40, what we've communicated is that we wanted to get to a rule of 40,
which is, as I said, a combination of growth in EBITDA by 2023, and we continue to see ourselves on track
for that. So you have to think about this as a shorter-term or at least a nearer-term challenge that we're
having to work our way through that part of the business that is most impacted to be able to get ourselves
to a better growth state and more scalability as we sign more of our clients as SaaS clients instead of on-
prem clients.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, on the index business, just to clarify the switches that has not yet
to impact the revenue for -- as we think about the fourth quarter. And could you maybe talk about the
difference in the fees associated with what's coming in, in terms of net inflows? I think you gave a stat
around inflows since, I think, 2019. Maybe discuss kind of the different kind of fee thresholds as we think
about the AUM mix.

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

So Dan, on your first question, we saw about half -- roughly half of the impact around the switches
coming in the third quarter. And we'll see the full run rate in the fourth quarter.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And on the second part of your question, the fee base for the switches that we experienced
particularly, one of them was very low. And so therefore, that $3 million impact was -- is a low revenue
impact against the AUM that was switched.

I think going -- with regard to the new products we're launching, the fees that we are able to attract with
regard to kind of some of our innovative products like the NASDAQ Next Gen 100, the crypto index and
the semiconductor indexes are, to me, more in line with our normal -- our kind of historical norms. So
they do carry a higher fee base than the AUM that we lost.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I have a question about your partnership with Sporttrade and the sports betting industry overall.
Could you please talk about maybe the potential market size, such as how many similar sports betting
companies out there that you can provide your surveillance technology? And then broadly speaking, could
you please talk about your recent traction in the nonfinancial space? It looks like we haven't talked about
this for a while.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Great. So on Sporttrade, there's a combination of what we're doing there. One is we have taken
an investment in the business itself through our venture portfolio, and then we also are providing them
the surveillance technology. And what's interesting about Sporttrade and the market model that they're
creating is they're definitely creating more what I would call like a marketplace model where they're going
to have market makers, they're going to have bid-ask spreads for different in-game betting opportunities.
And it's going to be really an interesting market model.

Our surveillance technology absolutely applies to that type of market model. But actually, the module that
we've created around sports surveillance applies to multiple -- the traditional model as well in terms of
having kind of your own book and then betting against the house kind of thing. So I think that we can
apply the technology to a traditional sports book or to these new marketplaces, and we have created a
module that's specific to that segment. So we're pretty excited about that.

And we don't have a TAM or a SAM yet. And that's actually a good question, Owen. So we'll come back
and think through how do we look at that SAM developing, particularly for our surveillance and trading
technology for that segment going forward. But it's obviously very early days here in the U.S. for that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

In terms of other new markets and nonfinancial markets, we are continuing to support the crypto
exchanges. I think we have 8 exchanges leveraging our trading technology and 9 leveraging our
surveillance technology today. And then we also are seeing kind of fractionalized markets like
fractionalized real estate markets and others coming up.

And there are actually several really interesting new marketplaces launching, and they're all coming on
to what we're calling our Nasdaq Marketplace Services Platform, which is really a SaaS-based cloud -- it
can be delivered in the cloud or we can host it. But it's a managed service platform where we provide the
technology but also the infrastructure so that markets can spin up a lot faster. So I would say though,
Owen, as you know, this is an early part of our strategy, and -- but we are definitely seeing nice progress.
And we can provide you some more stats going forward on kind of new markets that we're launching
there.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful. And then could you please also explain a little bit more on how Nasdaq Data
Link can expand what you have in Quandl? Is it related to like integrating the data in Quandl and provide
clients with a more holistic view of data from different sources?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

You actually hit the nail on the head. So think about Quandl now as like one component of Nasdaq Data
Link. The Quandl data, like the alternative data that we provide to investment managers are integrated
into Nasdaq Data Link. The technology that underpins Quandl is actually the underpinning of Nasdaq Data
Link technology, but it also includes our market information, it includes some investment information.
And now we're calling that Nasdaq Asset Owner Solutions data like on investment management funds and
trends there.

And actually, you can -- a client could choose to put their own third-party managed data into the system.
And we can basically become their technology provider, making sure all of their data is managed and
available to them in a really, really nice modern API structure. And so it's really an umbrella way for
us to deliver market information, fund information, alternative information in a modern API and cloud-
based infrastructure. So it's really easy to use, by the way. And it's really easy to take the data sets and
integrate them into Excel or anything else that you want to use internally.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chris Allen with Compass Point.

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division

I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the index business. Apologies if I missed it. I'm
just kind of curious on the sequential growth that we saw in the quarter. Maybe you can give us kind of an
updated framework on how it's breaking down between what's AUM-driven subscription and transaction.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

In terms of futures versus the AUM?

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division

Yes.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

I think that it's a good question. So I don't know if you have an...

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Usually, we don't give the specifics on it. It's about -- you could think about the asset -- the AUM
portion being about 2/3 of the index line, and then the rest will include the futures portion.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And in general, though, I think what we have been doing now is in our statistics that we send out,
we provide you all an update on AUM both in terms of net inflows as well as market appreciation. And as
we said, it's really been a combination of inflows and market appreciation that have driven up the assets
under management. I think it's 15% for the quarter. And then our revenues has been even better than
that for the quarter based on a combination of those things.

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division

And any color on the $12 million sequential increase from 2Q to 3Q in revenues? Just it's a pretty big
number, particularly when -- I know there's -- you had a little bit of -- the $1.5 million from the switches
coming out.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean it's really been -- I would say it's really largely inflows and market appreciation driven more
so than futures driven for the quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

If we just start off with a question on -- it's kind of a broader question on crypto, but also anti-financial
crime. So just the question would be -- the broader question is are you able to measure yet, and I know
it's early days, your contribution from crypto broadly? Because it does touch a lot of different segments
between the index licensing, potentially anti-financial crime mandates and then also, obviously, Market
Technology. And then if it's too early to size that, maybe just give some perspective on how you see
that developing across the segments and especially anti-financial crime, whether you're actually seeing
mandates that are based on crypto surveillance in that.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, it's a great question. So I would say it is probably -- it's a little early, but it's a good question.
So let's take that back and see whether that's something we want to start to think about how we
communicate to you guys. But you are right, so we have the crypto index product that has about -- as we
mentioned, it's about $600 million of assets under management there. We have the surveillance and the
market tech solutions. And so we will come back, too, Brian, just to kind of think about how we want to
start to provide you more clarity there, but it is early days.

And on the surveillance side and actually, the broader anti-financial crime side, that's an area that we are
really spending a lot of time on to try to figure out how we can provide broader services across our bank
clients as well as our brokerage clients because, right now, the surveillance capabilities is really driven
by marketplaces. But over time, as crypto becomes more integrated into the financial system, we want
to make sure that we can provide solutions that meet the needs across all of our customers. So that's
actually an area of active evaluation right now, and we're looking at that. It's a great -- to have 2,000

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

banks as our clients across the U.S. and Canada really does give us a much broader opportunity to think
about how to serve their evolving needs there.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. That sounds like an exciting growth opportunity. And then maybe just switching over to just a
question on market structure. Obviously, with the new administration or not so new now, but with talk
about different views on working on market structure, especially payment for order flow and -- I guess
what's your view on -- if you have a view, on what you think would be a good solution to that? Obviously,
we've talked about sub-$0.01 pricing being allowed on exchanges, if that's a potential remedy for the
order flow situation. And then also, any other commentary on Market Data, where that stands given that
the prior administration had put that rule in place?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So I think that with regard to the market structure discussions -- and I think the SEC's paper was,
to me, an early first step in a long process of evaluating how to continuously improve the market. So I
think what we were happy about with that report, well, a few things. One, they did a really nice job of
dissecting the activity and understanding that there wasn't anything there that had -- I would say, that
there was nothing there that really signified that there's any significant manipulation in the markets. I
think the second thing is that they really did note that the markets were really resilient and very efficient,
and that obviously is a good thing for us.

But they also did point out a few key areas of focus. One is the quality of the national investment offer.
And the fact that so much more of the activity is happening in the dark, is there an impact on the quality
of the national investment offer? And that's an area that we've been doing some work on. I think our chief
economist published a report on that last week.

And that then tees to what are the incentive structures that underpin the markets. And so are we finding
that order flow is being moved off exchange and brought into these darker venues because of incentive
structures? And I think -- I don't think that the SEC necessarily drew a definitive conclusion there, but it's
an area that I think that they will be focused on.

All we can say is we really believe in taking kind of iterative -- smaller steps, iterative change rather than
big bang changes to market structure because it's such an intricately woven system that it's really -- the
law of unintended consequences are high. But if they look at disclosures around [ PFAP ] or if they look at
making some measured changes to the [ PFAP ] structure as well as making it so we can compete more
for order flow, like sub-$0.01 pricing or other rules that encourage orders to come on to exchange and be
lit, I think that those are all things that would be positive for us. But recognizing that we like innovation,
we like variety and competition. We think that those are all good for investors. And so we have to make
sure we're taking measured steps there. And I got the sense that they weren't looking at draconian steps
and that they were going to take a pretty measured approach.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to ask you around just the thoughts on sort of inflationary pressure we kind of hear in a number
of different corners of financial services, but obviously, markets broadly, I guess, particularly when it
comes to technology and technology talent. I know you guys don't have a 2022 budget yet, but as
you're thinking about where your growth focus is and where you're investing and where you sort of make
incremental investments, how do you think about that as a potential headwind? What are the sort of
things you can do to maybe offset that or reengineer it, I guess, to some extent? Just curious to get your
thoughts on what you're seeing in the marketplace.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. I definitely think that there's been -- I think that we all know that the competition for talent
is pretty -- at a pretty heightened level right now. And so we are -- we've honestly benefited from the
ability for us to attract talent from all over the world. The benefit is that we have tech talent in the U.S.,
in Canada, in Europe, in Asia and Australia. We have tech talent kind of spread throughout different
economies and different markets, which gives us more flexibility to seek out talent in markets where we
think that we can do that efficiently.

But at the same time, it is a competitive environment. We do think that there's going to be increases in
wage in -- I would say, wage increases as we go into 2022. But as you said, we haven't yet finalized our
budget and our planning. So we'll be able to talk more about that on our fourth quarter call as we provide
you with our 2022 guidance. But we are evaluating that as part of the need for us to compete for talent,
but also recognize we have some benefits from having such a global workforce.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just wanted to circle back to the Nasdaq Data Link that you were talking about a little earlier. Just how
might ESG data become a component or captured in the Data Link? And what's the opportunity more
broadly for Nasdaq to become a driver of ESG standards and scoring in the industry? And maybe you could
talk a little bit about how you see that developing in the marketplace more broadly.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Actually, part of Nasdaq Data Link is something called the Nasdaq ESG Data Hub. So it's basically
information that we've gathered from third-party sources that allow buy-side institutions to get
information that they need, whether it's climate-related information or other structured data, that helps
them evaluate companies and industries. So I think that we actually are serving that up very successfully
within Data Link. So that's one of the modules of Data Link.

But the one thing that we don't have and what we don't intend to do is become a rating agency ourselves.
That's just not our role. We are here -- we look at it as we have an ecosystem that includes 4,000
corporate clients. They have a lot of information that they need to be able to provide to investors,
and we want to support them in providing that information to investors. We then have thousands of
institutional managers that receive our information, and we can deliver data to them either through ESG
data link or through our Nasdaq Asset Owner Solutions where they can gather up information they need
to make better informed investment decisions. And over time, we hope that the data that we're helping
our corporate clients collect and distribute can actually be served up through our Nasdaq Asset Owner
Solutions and not just to the rating agencies so that they can also control the information that they're
providing to investors.

But I think that we are just not in the mode of actually being a rating agency ourselves. I think there are
many of them out there right now. We have actually partnered with Sustainalytics to start to develop some
index strategies that we think will be really interesting in the space. But that's kind of the role that we're
playing as opposed to trying to be that rating agency ourselves.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

So earlier in the call, you reiterated that expectation for the 13% to 16% annual revenue growth range
for the market tech segment as a whole. But if we just narrow in on the market infrastructure business
specifically, it's a business that has been able to grow quite strongly in the years before the pandemic.
I understand there's some near-term challenges, but I'm just wondering if your medium-term revenue
growth expectations for that infrastructure business has changed at all over the last 18 months or whether
or not the, I guess, expectations are relatively similar and we're just trying to get through this kind of
near-term headwinds.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean I would say our expectations are -- over the medium term, are similar to where we have
been. And it's really just getting ourselves through these immediate-term issues that we're having, kind of
managing our way through a more challenging delivery environment.

So -- and I think that the client demand is definitely there. Our engagements with our clients are
excellent. I think our clients are excited to be able to leverage the next-gen technology we have, and we
are delivering that to a lot of our clients. But we just have to work our way through some of these near-
term challenges, but the medium-term outlook remains the same.

Operator

There are no further questions. I will now turn the call back to Adena Friedman for closing remarks.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

All right. Well, thank you all very much, and so happy to have you on the call. We're very pleased to see
that our business is continuing to deliver strong organic revenue growth. And as you know, we are really
guided by our strategic direction, and we have a clear focus as to how we want to continue to reimagine
markets to realize the potential of tomorrow.

So thank you all very much. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

