Nasdaq, Inc. NasdaqGS:NDAQ
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 21, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.76

1.90

Revenue  (mm)

833.78

846.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2021 5:22 AM GMT

7.95

1.47

1.65

7.05

7.34

814.51

3332.95

3476.09

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.45

1.45

1.74

1.76

1.53

1.60

1.96

1.90

5.52 %

10.34 %

12.64 %

7.95 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research
Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Patrick Joseph O'Shaughnessy
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Nasdaq Second Quarter 2021 Results. [Operator
Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ed Ditmire, Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Nasdaq's second quarter 2021
financial results. On the line are Adena Friedman, our CEO; Ann Dennison, our CFO; John Zecca, our Chief
Legal and Regulatory Officer and other members of the management team. After prepared remarks, we'll
open up to Q&A.

The press release and presentation are on our website. We intend to use the website as a means of
disclosing material, nonpublic information and complying with disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation
FD.

I'd like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during Q&A may relate to future
events and expectations and as such, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from these
projections. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from forward-looking
statements is contained in our press release and periodic reports filed with the SEC.

I will now turn the call over to Adena.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. My remarks today will focus on
Nasdaq's second quarter 2021 financial and business performance as well as the progress we've made to
drive forward along our strategic direction. I would like to begin by acknowledging the Nasdaq team's deep
commitment in delivering results for our clients while creating sustainable value for all of our stakeholders.

Nasdaq's mission reflects our focus on becoming the premier platform and ecosystem for the global capital
markets and beyond with unmatched technology, insights and markets expertise, and we made important
progress during the second quarter. Our financial results demonstrate our business' ability to capture
opportunity in a unique economic environment even as we continue to strengthen its position for long-
term growth.

We see strong demand for many of our products and services as corporate issuers, institutional investors,
banks, brokers and marketplace operators, all navigate today's rapidly changing world. Our core
foundational marketplaces benefited from an active capital market backdrop that saw record-setting
industry, U.S. equity and options trading volumes in the first half of 2021. Our client-first model has also
driven our ability to win the majority of new listings in one of the strongest periods of industry activity in
years.

Meanwhile, expanding demand from institutional owners for index strategies as well as asset allocation
and portfolio management tools from banks for modern anti-financial crime solutions and from corporates
for ESG and investor relations solutions underpinned our performance in the Solutions segment
businesses. Our performance in these businesses is also a testament to our client-centric approach and
strategically-aligned offerings as we invest in and grow new and innovative technology to meet that
demand.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

We also achieved other important milestones against our corporate journey this quarter. First, Nasdaq
completed the sale of our U.S. fixed income business to Tradeweb Markets at the end of the second
quarter. Second, we announced our strategic investment in Puro.earth, a leading carbon removal
marketplace. Along with the launch of our new ESG Data Hub, these solutions further expand the ways
that we can partner with our clients to support their unique sustainability efforts.

And third, we announced yesterday that we are starting an exciting next chapter for the Nasdaq Private
Market as part of a partnership with a group of leading banks in the private market space. It highlights
both the success of the private market platform we developed at Nasdaq and the growing interest
in developing a robust ecosystem for private company liquidity. All of these actions underscore our
commitment to our strategy and allow us to reprioritize elements of our unique business model to advance
our focus on the most impactful secular opportunities.

I will now turn to our financial results from the second quarter of 2021. Overall, Nasdaq delivered net
revenues of $846 million, an increase of $147 million or 21% from the prior year period, driven by 18%
organic revenue growth in our Solutions segments, and 10% organic growth in our Market Services
businesses.

We continue to execute against key secular growth opportunities as illustrated by strong momentum in
our institutional investor analytics and anti-financial crime solutions businesses well as the broad-based
growth in total company ARR of $1.8 billion. This equated to an increase of 22% compared to the prior
year period, reflecting both the acquisition of Verafin and a 12% increase in our existing ARR.

Turning now to specific segment highlights from the second quarter. I will begin with our foundational
marketplace and corporate businesses. Our Market Services segment saw net revenues of $312 million,
a 13% increase from the prior year period. Market Services transactional revenues, the sum of our cash
equity, equity derivatives and fixed income commodities trading businesses increased by 27% in total in
the second quarter of 2021 compared to the prior year period, with the largest contributor of this being
our equity derivatives revenues where we experienced strong increases in U.S. options industry volume.

Nasdaq's Options Markets specifically traded $782 million of multiply-listed options contracts, an increase
of 28% year-over-year. Driven by an active dynamic equities market, we have also seen increased levels
of activity from companies seeking to tap the public market to raise capital, which has resulted in a
13% increase in the overall number of operating companies listed on the U.S. on NASDAQ in the last 12
months.

Specifically, we have 352 more operating companies listed on Nasdaq in the U.S. than we did in June of
2020. The increase in our number of listed companies naturally contributes to higher industry volumes and
contributes to higher trading on Nasdaq in particular, since we have approximately 2x higher market share
in our own listed stocks than we have in stocks listed in other markets.

I would also like to highlight for a moment another record-breaking Nasdaq Closing Cross during the
annual Russell U.S. Indexes reconstitution, which occurred in late June. The Closing Cross successfully
executed 2.3 billion shares of Nasdaq-listed securities, representing approximately $81 billion in market
value and occurred in under 2 seconds. This Closing Cross was 760 million shares larger than our second
largest Closing Cross ever, which occurred in March of this year with the triple witch expiration. I'm
incredibly proud of our team as this milestone underscores our leadership in operating the industry's most
robust and resilient market infrastructure.

Next, our Corporate Platform segment delivered revenues of $154 million, a 22% increase year-over-
year. The business continues to thrive with elevated levels of new listings since the market recovery in the
second half of 2020. In our listings business, Nasdaq again led U.S. exchanges for IPOs during the period,
welcoming 135 IPOs that raised $31.7 billion, including 88 operating company IPOs and 47 SPAC IPOs.

The Nasdaq Stock Market led U.S. exchanges with a 78% total win rate on IPOs as well as executing
the largest direct listing ever, Coinbase. In addition to new listings, we also welcomed 10 switches from
the -- in the second quarter of 2021, representing a combined $183 billion in market value, including
Honeywell, a Dow 30 company. The total market value of all companies transferring to Nasdaq since 2016

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

now exceeds $1 trillion. Meanwhile, our Nordic listing platform hosted 62 IPOs in the second quarter,
bringing the total to 86 in the first half of 2021, contributing to an 11% year-over-year increase in the
Nordic-listed issuer base compared to the prior year quarter.

Nasdaq is proud to be the exchange partner supporting companies throughout their corporate life cycle
with our commitment to providing issuers with an industry-leading market model and a full suite of
investor relations, Board engagement and ESG solutions. Revenues in our IR and ESG services increased
$4 million or 8% to $56 million in the second quarter compared to the prior year period as we continue
to see strong demand for our investor relations and advisory and ESG product offerings. The economic
impacts of the pandemic, combined with the sudden and likely lasting landscape of virtual or hybrid
investor engagement, has increased corporates' focus on investor relationships and has accelerated their
professionalization of their ESG programs, both of which has intensified the demand for new data and
tools to power their programs.

Now let me take a minute to talk about the actions we've taken to advance the Nasdaq Private Market
going forward. This week, we announced an agreement to contribute Nasdaq Private Market into a joint
venture with Silicon Valley Bank, Citi, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley. This creates a new entity to
build upon NPM's success, becoming the leading marketplace platform for issuer-led private company
tender transactions. The partnership will enable increased investment in a broader set of capabilities to
designed to enhance NPM's position as the go-to marketplace for private company liquidity.

Nasdaq Private Market will continue to expand from its foundation of facilitating private company tender
programs to enhance and refine its buy-side book building, auctions, investor block trades and pre-direct
listing continuous trading programs. Additionally, the platform will provide end-to-end settlement, and
through the new ownership structure, will create a unique and powerful distribution network serving
private companies and institutional investors. Nasdaq's Market Technology business will be contracted to
supply NPM with this -- as technology platform on a go-forward basis.

Nasdaq Private Market's talented team has made strong progress in the 7 years since we established the
business as measured by the close relationships we've built with more than 250 leading private companies
worldwide and the more than $30 billion in transaction volume that they've executed for many of the
world's largest private companies. This new entity will expand upon that success going forward.

In the last 12 months ended June 30, revenues for Nasdaq Private Market increased $13 million or
approximately 200% over the prior year period. Going forward with our partners, we expect to unlock
significantly more value for our clients and shareholders by advancing the market for private company
shares with a high-integrity, advanced platform that facilitates liquidity in new ways and builds on
momentum that we've developed over the past several years.

Now let me turn to our Market Technology and Investment Intelligence segments. Our Market Technology
segment delivered $117 million in revenues, a 39% increase year-over-year, including a 5% organic
increase from our existing business and an additional $27 million contribution from Verafin. Revenues in
the second quarter of 2021 also included a temporary $10 million purchase price adjustment on deferred
revenue associated with the closing of the Verafin transaction. In our anti-financial crime technology
business, revenues increased $29 million or 88%, driven by the inclusion of revenues from Verafin as well
as the continued growth in surveillance solutions.

With Verafin as part of Nasdaq for its first full quarter, we continue to find great opportunities, working
collaboratively with the Verafin team to open doors to new clients and expand their footprint. Verafin
signed 36 new clients during the second quarter, and we remain extremely pleased with the business and
its growth potential as it achieves its mission of fighting financial crime.

In our Marketplace Infrastructure Technology business, revenues increased $4 million or 8% in the second
quarter of 2020 -- sorry, 2021, compared to the second quarter of 2020. New order intake for Market
Technology hit a 6-quarter high at $81 million, excluding Verafin.

Technology -- Market Technology ARR increased 9% year-over-year, also excluding the impact of Verafin.
If you include Verafin, Nasdaq Market Technologies ARR increased 61%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Turning to our Investment Intelligence segment. We delivered net revenues of $263 million, up $50 million
or 23% from the prior year period. Overall assets under management and ETPs benchmarked to Nasdaq's
indexes totaled $415 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of 53% from the prior year period.

We are pleased to expand our long-standing partnership with Invesco during the second quarter with the
launch of 2 new thematic technology ETFs tracking the Nasdaq Biotech Index and the PHLX Semiconductor
Sector Index. These 2 indexes are the longest-standing benchmarks for their respective sectors and in the
past year, have increased in relevance for investors given the recent pandemic-related events.

We also continue to see strong global interest in our index franchise with 12 of 15 new and licensed ETP
launches in the second quarter occurring outside of the U.S. We are committed to bringing investment
opportunities through our index partnerships and empower investors globally with access to diversified
investment opportunities.

For example, XP Inc., a technology-driven investment management platform in Brazil, launched one of the
first locally listed Nasdaq 100 ETF offerings in Latin America during the second quarter. While Hashdex,
also from Brazil, partnered with Nasdaq to launch the world's first ETF available in Brazil to investors
utilizing the Nasdaq Crypto Index.

During the quarter, 2 ETP sponsors, BlackRock and Vanguard, announced that they would be switching
and consolidating their relationships with some index providers. And as a consequence, certain of their
products would no longer be licensing Nasdaq indexes. While we're always disappointed to lose sponsors,
the loss had a minimal financial impact, which Ann will touch on in her comments. And the continued
expansion of our relationships with the broader sponsor universe as well as the continued innovation and
growth of the index product suite gives us great cause for optimism going forward.

Turning next to our Analytics business. We delivered revenues of $50 million, a 14% increase from the
prior year period due to growth in eVestment and Solovis revenues from higher new sales and increased
retention, driven in part by the success of the enterprise license contracting initiative, which spread
usage of eVestment's unique analytics to more users in more business areas of our client base. Lastly,
revenues in our Market Data business rose 5% as compared to the prior year period to $106 million,
driven primarily by expanding international demand for proprietary data products.

As our business, our clients and the broader markets begin to prepare to operate in a post-pandemic
environment, we are excited to carry forward the strong momentum from the first half of 2021 and into
the future. One increased area of focus for us is ESG, which we have seen growing interest from a range
of clients in both the U.S. and Europe. Nasdaq's position at the intersection of financial, corporate and
regulatory communities gives us a unique perspective on corporate sustainability.

From this vantage point, we're actively engaging with clients to help them successfully navigate the
complex and fast-maturing ESG landscape. We were thrilled to have the opportunity in the second quarter
to add Puro.earth's marketplace for carbon removal solutions to help our corporate clients meet their
emission reduction commitments.

At the same time, as a public company ourselves, we engage with our employees and our communities
to improve our own practices, performance and transparency on our own ESG journey. In that regard, I
encourage our stakeholders to review our recently published and expanded sustainability report, which is
available on our website.

As I wrap up, I want to highlight how each of our businesses has expanded the diversity and depth of
their client base in recent years, which underpins the strength and resiliency of the Nasdaq platform as
we move through each quarter. Our strong engine of talent and technology is allowing us to expand our
position in the capital markets in ways that can capitalize on the powerful secular tailwinds in a post-
pandemic period. We're leading Nasdaq into the second half of 2021 with incredible momentum, and I look
forward to updating all of you on our progress in the months to come.

And with that, I will turn it over to Ann to review our financial results in detail.

Ann M. Dennison

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Adena, and good morning, everyone. My commentary will primarily focus on our non-GAAP
results, and all comparisons will be to the prior year period, unless otherwise noted. Reconciliation of U.S.
GAAP to non-GAAP results can be found in our press release as well as in a file located in the Financials
section of our Investor Relations website at ir.nasdaq.com.

Before we review the financial comparisons and developments, I want to cover some reporting changes
going forward related specifically to some of the strategic developments within the business portfolio
that Adena mentioned previously. First, with regards to the Nasdaq Private Market or NPM, as recently
announced, we have contributed this business to a newly formed joint venture for which we will own a
minority interest. As a result, we will no longer consolidate the results and instead we'll be recognizing our
share of net income as a nonoperating item, consistent with how we treat other unconsolidated investees.

Second, with regards to both NPM and Nasdaq Fixed Income or NFI, beginning in the third quarter of
2021, we will reclassify the revenue and operating expenses of these 2 businesses out of the Corporate
Platforms, Market Services and Investment Intelligence segment results for all prior periods and move
them into corporate items so that the business results of each of these segments can be compared to
prior periods on a like-for-like basis. On Slide 12, we provide a table previewing the reclassified operating
segment results.

Now I will start by reviewing second quarter revenue performance. The 21% increase in reported net
revenue of $846 million is a result of organic growth of 15%, including 18% organic increase in the
Solutions segment, and a 10% organic increase in Market Services, a 4% positive impact from acquisitions
and a 2% positive impact from changes in FX rates.

I will now review the quarterly highlights within each of our reporting segments, as shown on Pages 5
through 8 of the slide presentation. I will start with Investment Intelligence revenue, which increased $50
million or 23%. Organic revenue growth totaled $47 million or 22% and there was a $3 million positive
impact from changes in FX rates.

Organic revenue growth during the period reflects very strong growth in our index business as well as
strong contributions from both the Analytics and Market Data businesses. Annualized recurring revenue, or
ARR, was $547 million, an increase of 11% compared to the prior year period. AUM and ETPs licensed to
Nasdaq indices rose 53% compared to the prior year period to $415 billion, including $47 billion from net
inflows and $113 billion net increase from market appreciation, partially offset by $17 billion in negative
net impact related to an ETP sponsor switching its index provider.

The Investment Intelligence segment operating margin of 65% increased 3 percentage points compared
to the prior year period. As Adena mentioned earlier, we will see an additional impact to AUM in the third
quarter of 2021 related to previously announced ETP sponsor index switches. The total revenue impact of
all of the 2021 switches announced to date is estimated to be approximately $3 million per quarter.

Market Technology revenue increased $33 million or 39%. The increase reflects organic revenue growth of
$4 million or 5%; $27 million from the acquisition of Verafin and a $2 million positive impact from changes
in FX rates. Excluding a temporary $10 million purchase price adjustment on deferred revenues associated
with the Verafin transaction, Verafin revenues would have been $37 million. The organic revenue increase,
which excludes revenue generated from Verafin during the first 12 months after the acquisition close, was
driven primarily by higher support and licensing revenues and higher SaaS-based surveillance solutions
revenues.

ARR for Market Technology was $432 million in the second quarter of 2021, an increase of 9% compared
to the prior period, excluding the impact of Verafin. Including Verafin, Market Technology ARR increased
61% in the period.

The Market Technology segment operating margin was 15% in the period. Market Technology expenses
include a partial reversal of the reserve recorded in the fourth quarter of 2020 of approximately $6 million
as we finalize client negotiations and updated our estimate of cost to service our client agreement.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Corporate Platforms revenues increased $28 million or 22%. Organic revenue growth totaled $25 million
or 20%, and there was a $3 million impact from changes in FX rates. The organic revenue increase was
primarily driven by higher U.S. listings revenues due to the expansion in our listed issuer base, together
with an increase in IR advisory services and ESG product offering. Corporate Platforms ARR was $509
million and increased 16% compared to the prior year period. The Corporate Platform segment operating
margin of 42% increased 3 percentage points compared to the prior year period and was driven by both
the continued increase in the listed issuer base and strong activity on the Nasdaq Private Market.

Market Services net revenues increased $36 million or 13%. The organic revenue increase was $28 million
or 10%, and there was an $8 million impact from changes in FX rates. The organic increase during the
period primarily reflects increases in equity derivatives and trade management services revenues. The
segment operating margin of 65% increased 1 percentage point from the prior year period, reflecting
strong operating leverage on trading revenues.

Turning to Pages 9 and 10 to review both expenses and 2021 guidance. Non-GAAP operating expenses
increased $65 million to $392 million. The increase reflects a $24 million or 7% organic increase, a $26
million increase from the impact of acquisitions as well as a $15 million increase from the impact of
changes in FX rates due to a weaker U.S. dollar.

The organic expense increase has 2 main drivers: first, higher variable performance-linked compensation
expense, reflecting our outstanding revenue growth; and second, increased costs related to what has
been a very active capital markets backdrop, including expenses related to increased trading capacity and
marketing commitments supporting our listing clients.

We are narrowing our 2021 non-GAAP operating expense guidance to a range of $1.59 billion to $1.62
billion to reflect that our strong and broad-based organic revenue growth in the first half of 2021 has
impacted variable expenses like performance-based compensation and marketing commitments. As
we look forward to the remainder of the year, if performance continues to be strong in relation to our
medium-term growth objectives, we would, as we said last quarter, expect to come in near the high end of
this updated expense guidance range.

Moving to operating profit and margins. Non-GAAP operating income increased $82 million in the second
quarter of 2021. Our non-GAAP operating margin of 54% increased 1 percentage point compared to the
prior year period. Net interest expense was $33 million in the second quarter of 2021, an increase of $8
million compared to the prior year period due to incremental interest expense related to the financing of
the Verafin acquisition.

The non-GAAP effective tax rate was 25% for the second quarter of 2021. For full year 2021, we still
expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate to be in the range of 25% to 27%. And barring any changes in the
corporate tax landscape, we expect to come in near the bottom end of the range for the year. Non-GAAP
net income attributable to Nasdaq for the second quarter of 2021 was $316 million or $1.90 per diluted
share compared to $256 million or $1.54 per diluted share in the prior year period.

Turning to Slide 11. Debt decreased by $189 million versus the first quarter of 2021, primarily due to a net
reduction of $214 million of commercial paper, partially offset by $24 million increase in eurobond book
values caused by a stronger euro. Our total debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA ratio ended the period at
3.2x, a decrease from 3.4x in the first quarter of 2021.

During the second quarter of 2021, the company paid common stock dividends in the aggregate of $88
million and repurchased common stock in the amount of $248 million. As of June 30, 2021, there was
$1.46 billion remaining under the share repurchase authorization. As previously communicated, upon the
consummation of the sale of our U.S. fixed income business, we issued approximately 6.2 million shares
to a third party. We intend to use the proceeds from the sale as well as available tax benefits, working and
clearing capital of this business and other sources to repurchase shares in order to offset the EPS dilution
from the sale.

This week, we plan to execute an accelerated share repurchase program for approximately $470 million.
Let me talk for a moment about share count expectations. Our average diluted shares outstanding for the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

second quarter were 166 million. Due to timing, this average reflected only a minimal impact of the $6.2
million NFI-related share issuance. At the end of the second quarter, however, diluted shares outstanding
were approximately 172 million. With our plan to execute the accelerated share repurchase program in
the third quarter of 2021, at the current share price, we would retire approximately 2 million shares in the
third quarter and roughly 0.5 million additional shares in the fourth quarter.

We plan to execute additional repurchases to offset the remaining NFI dilution in 2022 and 2023. We
continue to expect EPS dilution from the sale of NFI to be about 2% in the first 12 months following the
June 25 close, but to diminish to immaterial levels after that.
I'll wrap up by saying that these capital reallocation actions, both in terms of the sale of NFI and the
related capital return program, support Nasdaq's acceleration of our strategy and allow the company to
further concentrate our resources on strategic opportunities. Thank you for your time, and I'll turn it back
over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

First, congrats on the sort of the sale or spin off of the private markets. So I guess my question is, can
you give us a better feel for the minority interest and what the valuation was? And then a little bit on the
background of how it developed, because you do have some significant players. Some others aren't in it.
And I'm backing into, I guess, $20 million in revenue. Is that right for sort of what it would contribute fully
to last year?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Rich. So first of all, we are really, really excited about the partnership we've created. And
we basically -- we contributed the Nasdaq Private Market asset, the other firms contributed investment
dollars so that we can continue to build out the platform and grow and expand the footprint of Nasdaq
Private Market going forward. We have a large minority stake, so we are the largest shareholder, and we
will retain that.

In terms of the revenue for the last 12 months, you did the math right, so it's $20 million for -- on an
LTM basis. So -- but I would say that we are -- we do think that this is an opportunity for us to really
accelerate our progress in the private company share liquidity programs. And we're seeing a lot of
interesting and additional programs or interest from institutional investors, from other shareholders to
really use the Nasdaq Private Market for price discovery, maybe continuous trading programs and other
things like that.

And we think that with the partners that we have between the West Coast with Silicon Valley Bank and
their relationships with the venture community and early-stage private companies, the institutional
connections that Citi and Morgan Stanley and Goldman have, and then us as a marketplace operator
and our expertise and our relationships with later-stage private companies, it's kind of like this great
coming together of talent and network and distribution capabilities. That we think that we can really, really
accelerate the progress and create a lot of value for our shareholders even with a large minority interest
as opposed to 100% interest. So that is the thesis, and we're really excited to get going with them. And it
should actually close pretty quickly. We've gotten a lot of approvals, so we should be able to get this going
very quickly.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then the related follow up would be on Nasdaq Fixed Income. If I'm looking at Slide 12, that
means it was about $10 million in revenue or so. Can you talk about the profitability of Nasdaq Fixed
Income?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

So it's $10 million for Market Services, and then there's also revenue coming out of the Investment
Intelligence business, which is the data part of NFI. So it's those 2 together that make up the revenues
that are coming out. In terms of profitability, it was profitable. I mean it is profitable, but not to the same
degree as the rest of our business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe starting with Market Tech, there were some logistical challenges obviously with COVID. So maybe
you can give us an update how things are looking there. Very strong order intake numbers. So maybe you
can talk about that specifically. Where is that coming from? Is it very long-term contracts? Or how much of
that $100 million plus number should hit the income statement here pretty soon?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So first of all, yes, we are definitely seeing progress in terms of growth and demand from clients
in Market Tech. So if we talk specifically about the market infrastructure technology side of Market Tech,
we're definitely finding new clients to serve, which is exciting. We are continuing to grow the number of
crypto markets that we're providing technology to, digital asset markets we're providing technology to.
But also, our core clients are -- after a year of a lot of volatility and a lot of focus just on the here and
now, they're definitely now focused again on what does it mean for their infrastructure for the future, and
our next-gen system is kind of front and center in a lot of clients' minds.

So the order intake is reflecting, Alex, both some re-upping from existing clients as well as some new
clients that have come in. And so it's a really healthy mix. And the conversations that we're seeing around
the world are just much more longer-term driven and more focused on the future. So we're excited to see
that progressing.

And now the fact of the matter is, though, we're still not traveling, right? So we're still having to -- we've
adjusted, I think, pretty well to a remote environment in terms of delivering for clients, and that was a big
adjustment. And obviously, we had challenges associated with that. But we're still delivering in a remote
environment, and we're still selling in a remote environment. And so we still think that it will be kind of
improvements over time but not something where you're going to see kind of just this huge surge in one
period of time. I think that we expect it to be steady improvement in demand and our ability to deliver
over time.

But as I -- on the anti-fin crime side, I should mention on the anti-financial crime side, we're doing really
well in selling our market surveillance SaaS solution to new clients still. That was something we launched
beginning of 2020 and has had a really nice demand curve there. In terms of our trade surveillance
solution, we continue to find ways to expand our client relationships. And then, of course, on Verafin, we
mentioned the fact that they had 36 new customers come in, and that business is going really well.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just a very quick follow up. The equity revenue capture continues to surprise me.
I mean this quarter, again, I don't know if it's been as high in many years. So can you just talk about the
puts and takes and expectations there? I know it's very dynamic, but it would be helpful to understand the
trends and what's driving the strength there.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. I think the first thing to mention is events like the Russell and the triple witch in June, those
are 2 very large trading events that do contribute to capture. I think that -- but then in general, we are
basically calibrating capture and share. We might do some programs to try to make sure that we do kind
of -- drawing more order flow into the platforms going forward, so that will ebb and flow a bit.

But you're right, it's at a level that we're excited that we're able to provide such a great platform. We're
the go-to platform for clients and kind of the mix of the types of trading that are happening on the
platform resulting in that type of capture. But as I said, we're going to do what we do always in terms of
balancing kind of share and capture to make sure that we're doing the best thing for our clients, but also
managing the business really successfully. So that might ebb and flow a bit in the coming quarters.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My question is on Corporate Platforms. You highlight ESG as, for some time, as a huge growth area or a
large growth opportunity. I look at the IR and ESG kind of revenue contribution, they've been flat to down
the last couple of quarters. So could you let us know or kind of lay out the growth profile from here? And
how we should think about kind of a growth opportunity going forward?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, actually, our IR and ESG services revenues grew 8% in the quarter and year-to-date are up
7%. So I would actually say that we're -- I'm not quite -- maybe you could let us know what specifically
you're looking at in saying it's flat. But generally, we actually are seeing -- as you know, that business has
-- in the past years has been a relatively low grower.

But what we've been finding is that more demand for IR advisory services, more demand for our
governance advisory services and more demand for the tools, both in IR and ESG, just to manage their
ESG reporting capabilities as well as to understand changes in investors. So we actually have seen it
as being kind of a healthier environment for that business, but maybe there's something specific you're
looking at.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I'm just looking at Slide 7 where you've had $56 million in revenues this quarter, $57 million last and $56
million in the fourth quarter.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So I think that we tend to look at this kind of year-over-year, but there's certain -- one of the things
to note is that the -- it's a relatively cyclical business, so there are certain things that might come in, let's
say, in -- the end of the year for sure, tends to be a high quarter. But generally, on a year-over-year basis,
we look at it as the $52 million growing to $56 million.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Was hoping to get your thoughts on some of the market structure developments. Obviously, Chairman
Gensler laid out a fairly ambitious agenda recently with respect to specifically both payment for order flow
and the exchange rebates. Obviously, early days still, but curious to get your take on how this could be a
potential opportunity maybe in some ways for Nasdaq or some things that could be more problematic.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, I think the first thing is I believe that we seem to be relatively aligned, at least with the
overarching agenda of the SEC right now in terms of thinking about how do you maximize competition,
how do you maximize price transparency and how do you maximize market access, right? So -- and make
it sure it's fair across both institutional investors and individual investors.

And so if you kind of take that as kind of the principles that they're operating under and certainly the
principles we operate under, I think that as they look at all the various components of market structure,
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

our view is that we -- while our solutions may be slightly different or our ideas may be slightly different,
there's general alignment. In terms of that, that means things like tick size regimes. Also different
incentive programs that might exist are going to be examined.

I also would say, as we kind of we all know, the markets are working and operating relatively well. So to
the extent that we think that there can be constant improvement, that's absolutely the case. But our view
is it's better to try incremental iterative improvements than to try something big bang, because the law
of unintended consequences are so high. If you make changes to incentive programs, then you have to
understand what all the consequences might be from that in terms of retail investors getting access to
free trading and making sure at the same time that the quotes reflect the supply -- the actual supply and
demand in the market. So a lot of pushes and pulls.

So Alex, I think that it is still early days. We are certainly in active dialogue with the SEC staff. As they
come out with their papers, we'll be there to comment and be a part of that debate. But I -- our view is
that right now, at least, there's a general alignment of principles, which we think is -- we obviously have
some optimism around.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. And a quick follow up for Ann just around the expense guidance. Just want to make sure that the
guide that you guys updated today, it's pro forma for both the NFI sale and the JV transaction later in the
year.

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, it is.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just wanted to ask about Verafin. I was hoping you might be able to elaborate a bit on how the revenue
growth compared to that part of the business versus the underlying new customer growth. I heard you
mentioned about 36 new customers coming through on the Verafin side. Just hope you can elaborate a bit
on the rate -- growth rate there of new customers versus revenue. And if also you could just talk a little
bit about the sales strategy on the Verafin part of the business? How you see that evolving? What changes
have you made? And how is that getting integrated within the broader Nasdaq?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. I mean, I think that when it comes to the growth within Verafin, there's a really nice balance
between new logos or new clients and then re-upping and expanding relationships with existing clients.
So Verafin is an interesting model. They do weekly release cycles and they enter into these multiyear
agreements with clients, but they're literally enhancing the system every single week and bringing a lot of
new capabilities in under the existing contract. But when they renew the contract, they kind of point to all
these improvements and all the value they've created over the prior several years. And so when they do
renew, they tend to renew at a higher rate and often also a broader user base.

So when we look at the growth of revenue, they look at new bookings and then they look at existing client
renewals, because those also drive revenue growth. And it's actually been quite balanced. It always has
been and it continues to be quite balanced in both areas.

In terms of the sales strategy, they have an incredible kind of sales approach and sales discipline. They
are incredibly metrics-driven and KPI driven. It's amazing to see kind of how they're very disciplined in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

the way that they do it. They do most of their sales remotely. They always have. They always would like
to be able to have conferences and other ways to meet new clients, but they have the ability to do sales
successfully in a remote environment. And they've -- I think, luckily that muscle is quite mature. So they
haven't had to make a ton of change through the pandemic.

And in terms of our impact on that, where we've been focused is opening doors to larger clients or to --
maybe they're trying to nurture a new relationship, but they're already a listed customer on Nasdaq. So
therefore, we can leverage our relationship manager to open more doors and maybe accelerate the sale
process. Or they're very large banking relationships, and so we can kind of get them in front of higher-
level executives to pitch their services.

But their platform itself is a superior platform, so we feel very confident in bringing them to customers and
saying, we know that they can do better than whatever the client has existing in their systems. And we've
been -- that's the one area we've been collaborating on the most. We have a regular meeting where we go
through the pipeline. We examine where we have relationships, where we can stretch them to go to larger
clients. And then strategically, how are we going to move them up the value chain and then move them
over into Europe.

Operator

Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So you mentioned that eVestment and Solovis, previously, you mentioned that these 2 segments
were impacted by COVID. Given the rollout of vaccine and the strong equities market, do you see an
acceleration of the demand in this workflow solution and analytics compared to maybe the last quarter and
last year?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes, we actually have seen a really nice recovery of demand, Owen. So the reason why eVestment
and Solovis were impacted by COVID was, first of all, we bought Solovis right at the beginning of the
pandemic. So the integration took longer than we wanted it to just because we couldn't get together. And
getting to know people on Zoom is different than getting to know people in the room. So -- but then also
kind of thinking about the integrated platform and kind of what -- how do we demonstrate an integrated
solution to our clients, that took a little bit longer, too, because of, again, the integration took a little
longer.

But now in the fourth quarter of 2020 and into 2021, you're starting to see that demand pick up in terms
of asset owners really understanding the intersection between making an asset allocation decision and
then managing their portfolio once they make that decision. And we have solutions that provide and kind
of bridge that. So I think that we've definitely seen a nice acceleration of demand.

And you're seeing that in the growth numbers in the first quarter and second quarter. And we definitely
are -- I think that we feel like also investment managers and asset owners are definitely more willing to
put money to work to advance their own platforms. And I think that also took a little while for them to
realize that they had -- it's a very active capital markets backdrop. So bringing in these solutions can
make their lives a lot more efficient. And I think that, that demand has also come back.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful. Just a quick follow up, a quick one on NPM, the Nasdaq Private Market. Do you
expect to add more strategic partners and more banks to the platform? And also longer term, can you
expand this platform to maybe international companies? What are the regulations there?

Adena T. Friedman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Sure. Over time, we'll examine the idea of bringing in additional banks. I think that we are extremely
excited about the group that we have and what they can do and what they can bring, just kind of really
immediate value they can provide. But over time, certainly, we'll look at whether or not there's a value-
accretive way to do that.

In terms of international, there are regulations associated with that and -- but it is an area that we would
say that, over time, we should be able to globalize the platform. We do bring some foreign issuers into
the platform, but it's then they have to kind of go through -- it's a FINRA broker/dealer, so they have to
go through and make sure that all the institutional investors are accredited in a way and are registered
appropriately. So it definitely isn't completely open as a global platform at this point, but it's certainly
something we have on the agenda.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. Just first one on Verafin. Adena, if you can talk a little bit about the opportunity you see in
decentralized finance for demand for Verafin's services, especially in AML and other compliance functions.
Is -- are you seeing an opportunity for new business there incremental to when you initially did the deal?
And is that coming from -- are you seeing that from larger institutions that obviously you've been laying
out synergy expectations for?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's a great question. And yes, I think that the answer is that as we've seen a lot of change, both in
terms of the growth of fintech and the emergence of D5, we do see that those 2 parts of the sector as
being really interesting growth opportunities for Verafin. Verafin has been focused on banks. And -- but
the fact is some fintechs have been leveraging banks in order to manage their fraud and AML detection
programs.

And so what Verafin will do is they'll put the platform into the bank and then the bank will then kind of
become a subcontractor to the fintech. Well, over time, I think that Verafin understands that really they
could become, obviously, a direct provider to those fintechs, and then that would be the case, of course,
with the D5 providers as well. And some -- I think that they have really, truly a superior -- particularly
on fraud detection and AML detection as well. There's a network effect that they have because they have
2,000 banks in their network that allow for them to, frankly, just be better at eliminating false positives
and focusing in on real potential fraud issues.

So we do think that we have a chance to expand there, and they're very excited about that as a near-term
opportunity. And it may be that we choose to prioritize that a little bit more in the near term and take
a longer-term view towards some of the global expansion. But right now, we're frankly examining all of
those elements and making sure we're prioritizing their time and attention.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then maybe just a follow up on the market structure. Some have mentioned sub-penny pricing
would be one solution to bring more volume onto listed markets. Maybe just your thoughts on whether
you think that would be one good approach to at least solve for that problem.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Yes. I mean it certainly is an issue of not having a level playing field between us and dark pools and
internalizers. So we certainly think it gives us an opportunity to be able to draw in more flow. I think
though that when you look at the internalization, there are multiple factors that drive a retail broker to
a specific internalizer. And obviously, paying for flow is part of that. The ability for internalizers to make
good on broken trades is another area that they focus on. There are a range of services that internalizers
provide.

But if we could make it so that -- I mean, the fact is they really just can't put a lot of orders into our
platform because we don't have the ability to offer sub-penny pricing, and that is where they're getting
executed. So that is -- that will break down a barrier. But we have to look holistically at the range of things
that we do and what we can do to attract more retail flow in.

One point is in Europe. Actually, most retail orders actually come to the Nasdaq Nordic platform. It's -- we
have great relationships, direct relationships with the retail brokers, and they execute their trades. They
place their orders in our book, they're visible and so that they get more order interaction and they have
a great execution experience. So we do think that if you level the playing field, we can compete for that
order flow.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

So just a few questions on the ETP, the sponsor switches. First, just a clarification question regarding the
$3 million revenue impact per quarter. Is that solely the impact moving forward? Or was some of that
impact already felt in the 2Q index revenues?

And then as a follow up to that, historically, can you remind us if there's -- if you've seen many sponsor
switches historically? Or is this more of a one-off event? And then lastly, will these Vanguard and
BlackRock decisions at all impact broader pricing decisions or pricing strategy for the index business
moving forward?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

I'll have Ann answer the first question. Go ahead.

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So on the $3 million that I referenced at the start, we haven't seen any of that impact yet. The $17
billion in assets moved at the end of the second quarter, and so we'd expect to see some of the $3 million
impact. You could think about it as maybe roughly half in the third quarter and then the full run rate in the
fourth quarter.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

With regard to sponsor switches in the past, we do not -- it's not something that we've seen. It's really --
this is an unusual event, and it's something that we see as kind of a one-off type of situation. We've had a
lot of dialogue with all of the remaining clients that we have. And frankly, BlackRock and Vanguard remain
clients, just smaller ones. And so we feel very good about all of the partnerships we have with our clients.

I think that obviously, any time a sponsor switches, you do a self-reflection, and you want to make sure
that we're doing -- we're giving them absolutely the best service possible. And so we will continue to make
improvements across our business just to make sure that we're the ones they switch to, and we have
certainly been the ones -- the index provider that other sponsors have switched to in the past. So we feel

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

very good about our platform, but we can always improve. And -- but I would say this is not something
that's frequent.

The other thing is some of the sponsors have also made other switches. So it's not -- we're not the only
ones that they've made a decision around. They've made decisions around other providers as well.

In terms of pricing, we don't see this as a reason to examine pricing. It really has -- it has to do with -- we
feel very good about the way that we price our products. We do that based on the complexity of an index,
the uniqueness of the index, the types of investors we're trying to attract into the index and what's the
size and scope of the opportunity. So we will continue to do our pricing the way we always have.

Operator

Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.

Patrick Joseph O'Shaughnessy
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Curious if you can talk about some of the previous challenges that may have limited Nasdaq Private
Market's traction in the marketplace. And I guess along with that, how do you see the long-term
addressable market? How would you size that and the opportunity that you're trying to go after with this
joint venture?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Great. So challenges in the past have been -- there's a lot of them. So one is just the inefficiency that
exists in the system and as well as kind of the hesitancy in the past for private companies to offer liquidity
options. I think that's been, frankly, the biggest impediment in the past. Private companies, obviously,
when they bring in early-stage investors, they want them to be in there for a long time. When they issue
equity to their employees, they want their employees to be locked up for a long time.

However, today, it's a very, very vibrant environment, and private companies are staying private longer.
And over time, they realize that unlocking liquidity is actually can be value accretive, because number one,
their employees, over time, they want to buy houses and send their kids to school and be able to use their
equity in ways that help manage their lives.

And so offering a fair way and in a high-integrity way to offer that liquidity is really important. The second
-- and to attract talent, these days, to have some sort of liquidity program as part of talent acquisition
for private company is becoming more interesting and something that you're seeing. The second is that,
obviously, getting early-stage investors some returns and then bringing in later-stage investors who can
carry firms over time into the public market is highly, highly interesting.

And so there's just been this really steady increase in corporate interest in liquidity, and we've seen an
acceleration of that in the last couple of years. Private companies are really balancing, do we go public?
Do we stay private? If we stay private, how do we make sure that we have a nice liquidity capability within
the company? And then, of course, with direct listings, there's what we call continuous trading programs
that are being developed in advance of those companies tapping the public market.

So I think all of those things have accelerated the interest, and now it's a matter of us really bringing
together the institutional community, the venture community and the private company community to
-- and our -- obviously, our technology capabilities and our market know-how to say, okay, how do we
catalyze this into a really robust and efficient liquidity marketplace. So we see this as being just a huge
opportunity.

In terms of the total market opportunity, it's hard to measure something that doesn't exist. But when we
look at it and say, what do we think -- where do we think the liquidity could be and what kind of revenue
opportunity could there be, we actually sized it anywhere between kind of $500 million to $1.5 billion. So
it's a big opportunity that we're going after over the next 5 to 10 years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Patrick Joseph O'Shaughnessy
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Very helpful. And then my quick related follow up. Does the current expense guidance reflect
pushing the Nasdaq Private Market expenses into the JV?

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, it does.

Operator

And we have a question from Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

I wanted to follow up on the Verafin opportunity. I mean it's not gone unnoticed to me and others that the
growth this quarter was pretty astonishing. I think it was around 37% on a sort of organic basis, which --
and you've talked about in the past your ability to help accelerate the revenue growth there. So I'm kind
of interested in how you think about the expense side and the investment requirements. Should Verafin
continue to see this level of heightened growth over the next few years? And how you've accounted for
that in your sort of longer-term model? Just wondering if there's any considerations we need to think
about on the plus or minus side of that.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

So I would say that the growth has been -- it continues to be, I really should say, quite robust. And so
your math seems pretty accurate. I think that in terms of -- the way that we are approaching this business
is we see a very long-term, high-growth opportunity, right? So the overall anti-financial crime space is
growing at like 17% a year. It's a huge, huge opportunity, $6 billion to $8 billion TAM or SAM frankly, not
-- the TAM is much bigger, but the SAM is in that range.

And so if we invest in the platform, we are actively investing and we will continue actively to invest in
the platform to make sure we can continue the kind of growth that they're exhibiting today. And so
we've talked about this when -- we've actually been pretty clear as to the fact that we're not going to be
maximizing margin. Right now, we're going to be maximizing growth.

And the EBITDA when we talked about it upon acquisition, is in the range of 25%. And we expect that
we will try to kind of maintain that kind of margin while we're growing as fast as we can. But over time,
obviously, as the space matures, we have -- but there certainly are ways that we can scale it. But right
now, we're going to maintain that growth mode still be able to deliver a really nice bottom line in a high-
growth business to our shareholders.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

Okay. That's really useful. And just as a follow up, in terms of your capacity for deploying your capital for
other inorganic opportunities, could you talk about sort of where you feel you've got the most capacity,
both financially and also from a personnel perspective to digest and sort of execute on deals within your
business?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Well, in terms of -- yes. So I think that the way that we look at it from a disciplined perspective, a capital
disciplined perspective, as we've said, for -- we are an investment-grade company, and we generally seek
to maintain our investment-grade status. And at the same time, we want to make sure that we have the
opportunity to capture new growth and expansion opportunities with some areas of particular focus. One

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

is in the anti-financial crime space. The second is in the investment, Solovis kind of space in terms of asset
owner or asset management, workflow solutions, particularly focused on the private markets there. And
then the third is in ESG.

But we also do look at things that are in corporate services. Like Puro.earth is a marketplace that
really serves corporates for carbon removals. We continue to find ways that we want to serve our
corporate clients in our marketplace solutions. And so we will always -- we look holistically at acquisition
opportunities, but we have these 3 focus areas that I mentioned.

But I also would say this: We are incredibly focused on our organic growth. And I think we're delivering
really strong growth, and we want to continue to deliver really strong growth for our clients and our
shareholders through our organic means. But when we look at acquisitions, we have those focus areas
that I mentioned.

Okay. Well, I think that we're going to close it out. So thank you very much for your time today, and we're
really pleased to see that our business is delivering strong revenue growth for the quarter and for the
year. Guided by our strategic direction, we have a clear focus for the remainder of 2021 as we reimagine
markets to realize the potential of tomorrow. And I look forward to updating you all on our progress in the
months to come. So thank you, and have a great day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

