Nasdaq, Inc. NasdaqGS:NDAQ
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 22, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.45

Revenue  (mm)

692.43

1.50

701.00

3.45

1.24

1.36

5.54

5.72

657.45

2675.25

2736.65

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2020 1:30 AM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.20

1.21

1.27

1.45

1.22

1.27

1.29

1.50

1.67 %

4.96 %

1.57 %

3.45 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP Corporate Strategy &
CFO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Arinash Ghosh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research &
Trading, LLC, Research Division

Christopher Meo Harris
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kenneth William Hill
Rosenblatt Securities Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Nasdaq's First Quarter 2020
Results. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Ed Ditmire, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Nasdaq's first quarter 2020
financial results. On the line are Adena Friedman, our CEO; Michael Ptasznik, our CFO; John Zecca, our
Chief Legal and Regulatory Officer; and other members of the management team. After prepared remarks,
we'll open up to Q&A.

The press release and presentation are on our website. We intend to use the website as a means of
disclosing material nonpublic information and complying with disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation
FD. I'd like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during Q&A may relate to
future events and expectations and as such, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from these
projections. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from forward-looking
statements is contained in our press release and periodic reports filed with the SEC.

I will now turn the call over to Adena.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. My remarks today will focus on
3 areas. I will review Nasdaq's start to the year, in particular, how we are adapting to the challenges of
the COVID-19 pandemic and our results for the first quarter of 2020. I will discuss how we are seeing the
potential for our business in 2020 to be impacted by the pandemic, and I will discuss the secular trends
that have informed our long-term strategy and how we are -- see them developing through and after the
current pandemic crisis.

I would like to begin by acknowledging that we are all navigating through an unprecedented moment in
history as our global community fights the spread of COVID-19 and prepares for what will be a lasting
impact on our daily life. I speak for the entire Nasdaq family when I say our thoughts are with those who
are battling this virus, the families who have lost loved ones and those who are on the front lines of our
economy and our society, putting themselves at risk every day to care for us and our well-being. They
include the millions of people who are work -- who work extremely hard to make sure that we have food,
power and other necessities. They are the many who are keeping critical stores open and shipping goods
to our homes. They are the health care workers who are putting their health and their family's health at
risk to care for the sick and handle the heartbreaking loss of life.

There are not enough words that can express our deep gratitude to the millions around the world who
are enabling us to stay home and stay safe. The crisis has highlighted how the human spirit manifests
itself and it has been truly awe-inspiring. To provide immediate assistance to those in our communities
who are most at risk, we took action last month and committed $6 million in cash and in-kind donations
to the COVID-19 response and relief efforts. In addition, Nasdaq employees have been engaged in our
philanthropic response, including our double-matching program, which has raised more than $400,000 so
far for charitable organizations fighting the pandemic.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Turning to the Nasdaq community specifically. From the start of the pandemic, we have been committed
to the safety and well-being of the Nasdaq team as well as the broader needs of the Nasdaq client
community. As COVID-19 spread across the world, we moved quickly to transition our global workforce
to a remote operating environment through a combination of work from home and split teams for critical
on-site employees. At this time, 98% of our global team are working from home to support the various
country- or state-wide measures to flatten the curve. For those few staff around the world who are
performing critical on-site functions, we're deploying extra precautions to ensure their safety. We remain
deeply committed to serving our clients seamlessly while keeping our employees as safe as possible. I am
so proud and impressed with the entire Nasdaq team and their commitment to our mission. In fact, our
roles -- our role in the economy in which we serve as a critical market operator has never been in sharper
focus as it has been in the past 6 weeks.

Additionally, our clients across the world have turned to us for technology expertise as well as insights
and analytics to support their decision-making in this period of extreme challenge. We have invested and
prepared for many years to be ready for what has transpired around the globe in the past several weeks.
Across our markets in the U.S. and Europe, our teams across technology, operations, legal and client
service are collaborating extremely well to provide a high-quality trading experience for our broker-dealer
and investor clients during a period of unprecedented volatility and volume.

Our Market Technology team, who provides strategic technology solutions to other exchanges around the
world, has been supporting our exchange clients with our technology expertise to support their own spikes
in trading activity. Across Corporate Services, we are providing our corporate clients with critical insights
regarding the drastic changes in their investor base and what it means for their equity relationships going
forward. And in Information Services, we're providing institutional investors with key insights into their
fund's positioning in relation to their peers and now, with the addition of Solovis, with deeper insights into
their portfolios across private and public assets. These times of stress and uncertainty test us, and I'm
extremely grateful to the entire Nasdaq team for rising so successfully to the challenge while they also
balance their own personal situations throughout this period.

Turning next to our financial results. During the first quarter of this year, we set new quarterly highs of
$701 million in net revenues and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.50, up 11% and 23%, respectively,
compared to the first quarter of 2019. Our Market Services business rose 21% and our nontrading
segments grew 7% from the prior year period. On an organic basis, revenues in the nontrading segments
increased 8% year-over-year. We also continue to make certain investments to advance our business,
acquiring ESG workflow provider, OneReport, and investment analytics firm, Solovis, during the quarter.
These initiatives align with our disciplined strategy to maximize opportunities as a technology and
analytics provider while sustaining our leadership position of our core marketplace franchise.

Turning to specific highlights in the first quarter. I will start first with our foundational marketplace
businesses. Our Market Services segment saw net revenues of $281 million driven by higher cash
equity and Equity Derivatives revenue as the business was able to handle the historic surge in quoting
and execution volumes despite having to navigate the many business continuity challenges as the
health crises pose -- that the health crisis posed. While I believe, in aggregate, the exchange industry,
our broker-dealer intermediaries and our regulators have responded strongly and successfully to the
significant challenges that came with the enormous ramp in activity, I'm particularly proud of how
Nasdaq's marketplaces were able to fulfill their mission to the investment community, all while we took
proactive steps to protect the health and safety of our staff providing critical market functions.

Our Corporate Services segment delivered revenue of $128 million in the first quarter, a 6% increase,
boosted by year-over-year growth in our issuer base, particularly from larger-cap issuers and increased
demand for our Investor Relations Intelligence and governance offerings. Nasdaq was extremely busy in
the earlier portions of the first quarter. Nasdaq led U.S. exchanges for IPOs during the period, welcoming
27 IPOs, a 69% win rate. We listed 6 of the top 10 IPOs by dollars raised, including PPD, Inc., which
provides drug and development services to the biopharmaceutical industry, the largest U.S. IPO year-to-
date.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Our acquisition of OneReport during the period will broaden our strategic engagement and collaboration
with corporate clients who are seeking clarity and efficiency in their ESG reporting. We believe this solution
will further strengthen our value with the thousands of clients who already rely on our team for counsel on
a range of governance- and sustainability-related issues through solutions like our ESG advisory service
and our Board assessment and collaboration technology.

Now let me turn to our technology and analytics businesses. In the first quarter, our Market Technology
segment delivered $81 million in revenues and signed $80 million in new order intake. Our annualized
recurring revenue in the quarter was $257 million, a 9% increase year-over-year. I'm extremely impressed
with how the multitude of exchange and broker-dealer customers of Nasdaq's Market Technology business
successfully responded to the challenges of running their franchises in the midst of both market turbulence
and the human health crisis, and I am proud that our resilient marketplace technology was able to support
them meaningfully as they did so.

Turning to our Information Services segment. We delivered net revenues of $211 million in the
first quarter, up $18 million or 9% year-over-year. I would like to highlight that our Index revenues
saw double-digit growth as AUM and Nasdaq-licensed ETPs rose 5% year-over-year, meaningfully
outperforming the declines in a broader -- in the broad-market indices over the same period, and volumes
in Nasdaq-licensed equity index futures set new highs in the quarter. The AUM was bolstered by continued
inflows into our flagship Index products. For instance, despite the sharp declines from the market peak on
February 19 through the bottom experienced on March 20 for the NASDAQ 100, over that time, the largest
ETF globally that tracks the NASDAQ 100, which is the Invesco QQQ ETF, experienced $5.2 billion in net
inflows.

In fact, total ETF industry AUM for the 12-month period ending March 31 was down 0.5%, according to
research provider ETFGI, while Nasdaq's ETF AUM increased by 5%. We are pleased with the resilience
of our Index products in a period of record volatility and extreme downward pressure in the broader
market. I will also note that for the second quarter, the majority of Information Services revenue came
from index licensing and investment analytics products, the result of years of investment into expanding
our capabilities in these higher growth areas.

Now that we've covered the first quarter results, I would like to talk about the changing industry dynamics
we are observing. We are fortunate to have a particularly resilient operating and financial model at
Nasdaq. We deliver many essential and increasingly strategic products and services to a diverse ecosystem
of clients. The balance of a trading franchise that performs best during periods of maximum uncertainty
and a larger recurring revenue business across Information Services, Corporate Services and Market
Technology delivers relative stability in aggregate over a wide range of macroeconomic environments.

Focusing on our volume-driven businesses, as we look forward to the remainder of the year, it is very
difficult to predict the volume environment. We are currently focused on the following signals. First is the
continued volume strength in April with $12.7 billion in average daily share volume in U.S. equities, which
is a 92% increase over last April, and nearly $25 million -- I mean, sorry, $25 million in average daily
contract volume in U.S. equity options, a 51% increase over last April. Second is a myriad of economic
unknowns that the COVID-19 crisis -- virus carries with it as it continues its global spread. And third is
the upcoming U.S. election, which when coupled with the virus, provide ingredients for continued elevated
volumes for our markets in the months ahead.

The flip side impact of the volatility and economic uncertainty, however, is the effect on IPOs. In our
Corporate Services franchise, we entered 2020 with incredibly strong momentum, maintaining our U.S.
listings leadership through what had been a very busy period for IPOs. In addition, we steadily grew the
issuer base in Nasdaq's Nordic markets. And in our Corporate Solutions' subsegment, after many years
of investing, restructuring and reposition, we saw growth reemerge. All of these factors will continue
to benefit us. However, we are beginning to see the impacts of the pandemic influence corporate issuer
behavior in the near term. While a number of corporate clients are turning to our IR Intelligence team
for short-term mandates to understand the underlying activities in their stock and demand for our ESG
advisory offering continues to have momentum, the vast majority of IPO candidates are waiting to see if

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

market conditions stabilize. We are also seeing some companies delaying Corporate Solutions purchasing
decisions and in some cases, looking to reduce near-term discretionary spend.

In our Market Technology business, we're extremely fortunate to have a large, diverse and well-
established customer base across market infrastructure operators and banks and brokers with long-term
locked-in contracts as the underpinning of the business. Therefore, our revenue base is very solid and we
had a successful year in 2019 in signing up new clients and renewing some of our key existing clients.
However, our early observations of the impact of the virus in 2020 makes us more cautious about our
short-term growth prospects for the remainder of the year. Specifically, our clients are dealing with the
twin challenges of a surge in trading volumes and the logistical challenges of the health crisis with their
staff working remotely.

As a result, we're seeing clients take longer to make upgrades and new purchasing decisions. They are
also extending implementation schedules and instituting temporary code freezes that will delay the timing
of short-term change requests. Additionally, we continue to have great engagement with prospects in our
new markets initiative, and we believe that our sales pipeline remains strong. However, we expect that
purchase and market launch decisions will likely come under additional scrutiny and review while these
prospects observe the economic impacts of the virus.

In our Information Services business, the dynamics of the environment bring varied implications for
each of the subsegments. At eVestment, we have not yet felt substantial impact from the pandemic and
remain focused on expanding our capabilities in client end markets. But we could see short-term results
impacted by some of the following COVID-19-related factors. On the positive side, when asset owners see
more alpha opportunity in more volatile markets and become more interested in active and/or alternative
asset management, eVestment's evaluation data and analytics become especially important. We also
believe asset owners are more likely to demand the real-time portfolio analytics delivered by Solovis,
and those that have them are more likely to respond by adjusting their allocations. On the risks to our
near-term growth -- revenue growth, while we have not yet experienced a measurable change in our
clients' behaviors, we will be watching to see if the pandemic leads to heightened client attrition through
closures of small asset managers or consolidation as well as the potential for moderated spend per client
or delayed purchasing decisions by new client prospects.

Our Index franchise so far is demonstrating strong resilience and is bolstered by continued elevated
volumes in its futures products. However, it's hard to predict how the market performance of Index
products will develop as the economic impact of the virus continues to evolve. We're very pleased to see
that the investment inflows mute the downward pressure on the AUM from the drop in market values,
which we also experienced in Q4 2018 when the markets had a different valuation dislocation. However, it
is always difficult to predict future investor behavior.

Our Market Data business has demonstrated resilience across prior recessionary periods, but it is not
completely immune when economic downturns are more protracted. Additionally, in recent years, we have
successfully diversified our clients outside our traditional U.S. markets, but there could be some pullback
from these clients if they view real-time data to be discretionary in a time of economic pressure, as this
period may represent.

As you know, we do not issue short-term current year revenue growth guidance at Nasdaq. Our trading
businesses are subject to significant external factors, such as volatility, and therefore, we do not provide
any revenue outlook for our Market Services segment. For our nontrading businesses, with recurring
revenues as their foundation, we have issued ranges describing where we expect organic growth in those
segments to average over prospective rolling 3- to 5-year period, which we consider medium term.
Since early 2018, we have targeted an organic compound annual revenue growth rate across those
nontrading segments collectively of 5% to 7% over that medium-term 3- to 5-year period. We also said
that over short term -- shorter periods of time, we expect there to be data points above and below our
communicated range, especially during the most impactful peaks and troughs of the economic cycle.

Over each of the past 2 years, we have delivered organic growth from the nontrading segments at or
above the top of that 5% to 7% medium-term outlook range and we continue to believe that same range
is appropriate outlook looking forward over the next 3- to 5-year period. However, in the short term,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

taking into consideration all of the dynamics that I just described across our businesses, while we remain
confident in the strength and resiliency of our business overall, we see increasing risks to reaching the
lower end of that 5% to 7% range collectively across our nontrading segments for the full year of 2020.
We will continue to provide updates on our growth progress for 2020 in upcoming quarterly calls as we
gain more knowledge and experience in the current environment.

Overall, we are proud of the resilient and diversified nature of our business with a coupling of volume-
driven revenue and more stable recurring revenues serving as our foundation. With our diversity, we
benefit from certain segments bolstering our results when others face some short-term pressures.
That has been the story of Nasdaq for many years now. And overall, it provides for more stability and
predictability than many of our direct peers. As a result, while we remain a performance culture where
individual employment decisions are still made on the basis of each of their efforts and contributions,
we have made a commitment to our employees that we will not initiate any broad-based layoffs this
year. We are proud to support our employees and help them feel secure in their professional lives while
they address the challenges of COVID-19 and its implications that they have on the personal and family
situations.

While we actively address the particular challenges of the pandemic and related economic impacts in the
near term, we're also paying close attention to what the changing world tells us about the most important
long-term secular dynamics in our industry, the changes that are most impacting our clients and where
we have the largest opportunities to grow as we deliver against the opportunities they create. What we
are seeing overwhelmingly is that the pandemic is in many ways reinforcing these longer-term dynamics.
For example, we recognized during our strategic review in 2017 that the investment management industry
is going through a profound change, including an enlarging passive investing trend on one end of the
spectrum, a private market on the other end of the spectrum and an increasingly pressured traditional
active management industry in the middle.

During the pandemic-induced downturn, we're seeing continued positive flows into ETFs despite
the market pullback, while private equity firms are raising new capital that might be put to work, in
particularly distressed industries. Among our traditional asset management clients, it's an increasingly
competitive world with certain firms outperforming the market and drawing in new capital while others
face significant outflows. We believe that how we partner with asset managers to launch new innovative
ETFs that help them participate in this passive trend, how we assist private companies and private equity
funds with the liquidity events through the private market and how we help active managers and private
equity funds compete for flows with eVestment will continue to be increasingly important.

In Market Technology, with our next-generation trade life cycle technology platform, we see the benefits
of marketplace and surveillance solutions, leveraging the cloud to be scalable to any level of activity
and accessible by both users and operators from anywhere in the world. We view that to be even more
critical in a world that likely considers a much wider spectrum of business continuity scenarios than it
ever has before. And with our corporate issuers, who are faced with increasing challenges that they have
to meet to effectively navigate public ownership, we believe that the need for a technology-enabled and
highly specialized consultative partner to assist with activities such as managing buy-side interaction and
governance and sustainability matters will be even more essential.

Over the past 3 years, we have set a course for transformation of our business without sacrificing
the quality of service we provide to our clients and while remaining focused on value creation for our
stakeholders. The results we have delivered is a rewarding indication that this strategy is working. Yet we
recognize that to maintain our momentum against the business backdrop that is still digesting the shock
of the COVID pandemic, we must continue to challenge ourselves each and every day. As I wrap up, I will
summarize by saying our communities are adapting to the challenges of isolation and the uncertainty of
what lies ahead. These times of stress and uncertainty test us. And I am proud of what we have delivered
for our clients and stakeholders this past quarter. We are looking out for each other, and we are continuing
to get the job done for those who rely on us. We are also incredibly grateful for and inspired by the
collective compassion that has surfaced as a result of this crisis, particularly demonstrated by frontline
health care and other essential workers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Moving forward in 2020, we remain focused on advancing our strategic mission. As our teams have
adjusted to the remote nature of daily life, I'm reminded by one of Nasdaq's founding principles that
people do not need to be in the same physical place to be part of the same community. This founding
principle continues to drive us as we face the unexpected and I believe we are moving Nasdaq in the right
direction this year.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Michael to review the financial details.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP Corporate Strategy & CFO

Thank you, Adena, and good morning, everyone. My commentary will primarily focus on our non-GAAP
results and all comparisons will be to the prior year period unless otherwise noted. Reconciliations of U.S.
GAAP to non-GAAP results can be found in the attachments to our press release and in the presentation
that's available on our website at ir.nasdaq.com.

I will start by reviewing first quarter revenue performance, as shown on Page 3 of the presentation, and
organic revenue growth on Pages 4 and 14. The $67 million increase in reported net revenue of $701
million is the net result for organic growth of $81 million, including a 22% organic increase in Market
Services and an 8% organic growth in the nontrading segments, an $8 million net negative impact from
acquisitions and divestitures and a $6 million unfavorable impact from changes in foreign exchange rates.

I will now review the quarterly highlights within each of our reporting segments. I'll start with Information
Services revenues, which as reflected on Pages 5 and 14, increased $18 million or 9%. Organic revenue
growth during the period was also 9%, reflecting growth in the Index and Investment Data & Analytics
businesses. Included in Index revenues is a $5 million collection of previously unpaid license usage
fees. Market Technology revenue, as shown on Pages 6 and 14, increased $4 million or 5% with organic
growth of $5 million or 6%. The organic increase was partially offset by a negative $2 million impact from
unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates. Organic growth during the period primarily reflects an
increase in Software as a Service surveillance revenues and an increase in software delivery and support
projects. As Adena mentioned, annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, rose 9% compared to the prior year
period. This increase was net of an adverse impact from changes in foreign exchange rates which also
affected the comparison to the preceding fourth quarter of 2019. Without that impact, the year-over-year
growth in ARR was 11%.

Turning to Corporate Services on Pages 7 and 14. Revenues increased $7 million or 6%. Organic revenue
growth was also 6% or $7 million, reflecting an increase in the total number of listed companies and
annual renewal fees as well as higher governance solutions revenues and IR Intelligence revenues. Market
Services net revenues on Pages 8 and 14 saw a $48 million or 21% increase. Excluding the negative
$3 million impact from unfavorable changes in foreign exchange, the organic revenue increase was $51
million or 22%. The organic increase during the period primarily reflects an increase in Cash Equities and
equities derivatives net revenues due to the higher industry trading volumes.

Now turning to Pages 9 and 14 to review expenses. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased $14 million
to $336 million. The change reflects a $23 million or a 7% organic increase, most of which was due to the
impact of a high achievement with -- of higher achievement within our performance-based compensation
programs in relation to the higher organic growth. This was partially offset by a $5 million decrease from
the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures and a $4 million favorable impact from changes in foreign
exchange rates.

Turning to Slide 10. We are updating our 2020 non-GAAP operating expense guidance to a range of $1.32
billion to $1.37 billion. Adjusting largely for foreign exchange rates and the recent acquisitions of Solovis
and OneReport, the midpoint of the expense range represents an approximate 3% organic increase year-
over-year. This 3% organic increase is consistent with our medium-term 3% expectation and is unchanged
from the 3 months ago when we reported fourth quarter results.

Moving to operating profit and margins. Non-GAAP operating income increased $53 million in the first
quarter of 2020 and the non-GAAP operating margin was 52% compared with 49% in the prior year

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

period. The 300 basis point increase in the margin year-over-year reflects the strong operating leverage,
particularly in our Market Services business as well as multiyear efforts to enhance the company's
scalability, though we would expect some near-term reversion should market volumes moderate. Net
interest expense was $24 million in the first quarter of 2020, a decrease of $10 million, primarily due
to our debt refinancing in the first half of 2019. The non-GAAP effective tax rate was 26.5% for the first
quarter of 2020. For full year 2020, we expect the non-GAAP tax rate to be between 25.5% and 27.5%.
Non-GAAP net income attributable to Nasdaq for the first quarter of 2020 was $251 million or $1.50 per
diluted share compared to $204 million or $1.22 per diluted share in the prior year period. Excluding the
impact of Section 31 fees, which is a pass-through of fees collected on behalf of the SEC, free cash flow in
the first quarter of 2020 was $380 million.

Now let me turn to the balance sheet where we've taken actions to strengthen our liquidity and cash
position and address refinancing risks in response to the uncertainties posed by the COVID-19 and related
economic impacts. First, in February, we took advantage of relatively low rates in the eurobond market to
refinance the $600 million 2021 eurobond with a new 10-year $600 million 2030 eurobond, reducing our
borrowing costs from 3.875% to 0.875% annually. This also eliminated near-term bond maturities until
May of 2023.

Then starting in March, we observed conditions in the market for Tier 2 commercial paper issuers were
deteriorating, impacting both costs and actionable duration of CP issues. And so we borrowed under our
revolving credit line to eliminate funding uncertainties. Among Nasdaq's funding sources, our revolver
serves the principal purpose to provide liquidity and act as a backstop on our commercial paper program,
so that if we encountered a time when issuing commercial paper was unavailable or unattractive, we
would have the option of borrowing on the revolving credit line instead. We typically maintained around
$400 million to $500 million in commercial paper.

And given the uncertainty in the debt market during March, we decided to borrow approximately $800
million of our available liquidity on the revolver. The approximate $800 million provided the company
the ability to repay our commercial paper, including the remaining $350 million as it comes due over the
balance of Q2, plus create an additional cash cushion of approximately $300 million. Looking forward,
we expect to maintain this more conservative cash position in the near term. And as always, we'll weigh
funding alternatives, which include utilizing our borrowings under the revolver, returning to the commercial
paper markets if conditions are attractive or issuing long-term debt.

Now turning to Slide 11. The net of these actions is that as of the end of Q1 2020, debt increased by
$721 million versus Q4 of 2019 primarily due to the net borrowing of approximately $800 million on
the revolver. This was partially offset by a net reduction in other debt instruments. Our total debt-to-
EBITDA ratio ended the period at 3.0x, up 0.4x versus the fourth quarter of 2019, but our net debt-
to-EBITDA was 2.3x, unchanged from the fourth quarter of 2019. While adjusting our balance sheet
positioning to enhance our liquidity brings slightly higher interest expense, it has enabled us to have
uninterrupted ability to continue executing our capital deployment plan. For example, during the first
quarter of 2020, the company funded the 2 aforementioned tuck-in acquisitions, Solovis and OneReport,
as well as continued funding of our important R&D initiatives such as our work to expand the investment
solution set to serve private equity investors and the continued rollout of our SaaS Market Technology
model.

Also during the first quarter of 2020, the company paid a common dividend in the aggregate of $78
million and repurchased common stock in the amount of $122 million. With an additional $30 million of
repurchases completed thus far in Q2, we have largely offset the dilution from our equity programs for
2020. Today, the company also announced that our Board has approved a 4% increase in the quarterly
dividend to $0.49 per share, which takes into account our growth in income and cash flow over the
last year, but also the heightened uncertainties around the magnitude and duration of the COVID-19
pandemic's future macroeconomic impacts.

Looking forward, we plan to continue with our stated capital deployment priorities of working to identify
investment opportunities that meet our strategic and financial objectives, of maintaining our dividend
policy with the intention to provide stockholders with regular and growing dividends over the long-term

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

as earnings and cash flow grow, of executing our buyback program to target a stable share count, and to
manage balance sheet leverage to maintain an investment-grade credit profile.
With that, I thank you for your time. And I'll turn it back over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

And Adena, thanks for the review of the business' segments and I guess the sensitivities to this, I guess,
changing and challenging environment.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Thank you.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

The one -- and it helped very much. The one question I'm getting from investors and sort of jumped out
at me, too, was the new order intake in Market Technology. So it came down from the elevated levels from
4Q, but the ARR didn't materially change quarter-over-quarter. So I'm just trying to see that big number
that you put up in 4Q, could you review again how that could flow through and how you could see benefits
in the market tech segment?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure, yes. Thanks, Rich. So we did have a high level of order intake in the fourth quarter, and that,
obviously, then had some impact on the amount of order intake we took in, in the first quarter. But the
-- as a reminder, the order intake can come in 3 different groups. So one is renewing and in some cases,
expanding existing client contracts so that that's both extending out of the contract term and in some
cases, expanding on the services we offer. The second is new client acquisitions for trading solutions and
what I would call marketplace solutions. And the third is the more SaaS-oriented revenue that's more
immediately SaaS in our surveillance business.

And what we're finding is the order intake that took place in Q4, the way that it flows through ARR is, in
the SaaS, this kind of a surveillance business that's currently SaaS and any new markets that are truly
SaaS, that can come in pretty quickly into the ARR in the following quarter. But then vast majority of
the order intake either is an expanding out of contract so that it will then start to flow into ARR as our
contracts are extended or with new clients where we have to develop the solution and then deploy it, the
ARR will not -- it won't show up in ARR until we've deployed the solution because we don't count the build
on costs and the build revenue or into revenue as ARR. So in the vast majority of the cases for the fourth
quarter order intake, it is requiring us to build out the solutions first before that will show up in ARR. So
there is a delay.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And just a question again on market tech. Thinking about some of the forward-looking implications
you highlighted, the 1Q results were slightly below what we were looking for. So curious if you started
to already see that play out in March and in the 1Q revenues or if there are other things that may be
impacted that kind of potential first quarter result in terms of the slowdown. And then also, last quarter,
you mentioned margins improving on a year-over-year basis in that segment going forward. Given the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

forward look for revenues, I assume that's maybe not as doable. But maybe can you talk about the margin
profile for that segment, given the changes you've been implementing for a while in the transition to SaaS
and those things and how that might still play out from a margin perspective.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Great. So with regard to the 1Q results and looking at how they are developing as we go through
the year, I think that we -- I would say that we didn't see a lot of impact of the COVID-19 situation on our
1Q results, but some because remember, a lot of our clients are in Asia, and so they were early -- they
were hit much earlier by the virus than the rest of the world and so some of the work that we were doing
in that region got delayed. So I would say that there was some impact in Q1.

I think that now that it's become more of a global situation, we wanted to make sure we did give you a
view into what we are seeing so that you can understand where there might be delays in work that we're
working on. We are still, for instance, doing design studies. But if they're doing -- if we're doing design
study remotely, it just takes longer to get the design studies done. And so -- and we are still doing them.
It's actually been really great to work with our clients that way. But it does take longer to get through the
design work when you're having to log in on Zoom together.

And then in terms of some of the new enhancements that we are working on for our clients or, frankly,
upgrades of their trading systems or other systems, they've asked for some short-term delays while
they're managing through a remote working environment. And so those are the types of things that we're
starting to see. We're not seeing general underlying weakness in our clients or client relationships. It's
really meant -- it's really just showing that there are other diversions of their attention right now, and that
will have some short-term impact on how we can recognize revenue against project-related work, short-
term change requests as well as new deliveries that we're working on.

In terms of the margin, we are as focused as you guys are on managing the margin in the business. And
so the way that we're looking at that balance is we want to be able to continue to develop and deploy our
next-gen technology stack. And there's work that we're doing to really fill out our SaaS capabilities against
that technology. And we will -- our goal is to continue to do that work. We also are -- have to make sure
we're managing to our client expectations in terms of managing workload we do have. But we also have
the ability to look at that in terms of making sure that we're making the right decisions around building up
the teams and managing the teams so that we can try to manage to the shorter-term margin issues. So
we are still working towards showing an expansion of margin there. But as you said, it will be harder with
lower growth this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Thanks very much for your comments, also, Adena. Very helpful across the businesses. Maybe just to
circle back on that in terms of that like -- it sounds like it's mostly from -- within the market tech segment
in terms of the COVID-19-related slowdown. But maybe if you can just sort of characterize what you think
the base revenue run rate is on a quarterly basis, that would be -- that, that is guaranteed effectively
through this period. And then also if you can just comment on the Index data that looked like it was very
strong related -- in relation to the actual metrics. So just wondering how that -- the Index data might play
out in the second quarter given where the markets have been -- have turned.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So we don't communicate kind of that base revenue that you're looking for. We try to provide
enough context for you to understand that we have a very broad and secure base of clients, both -- across
all of our businesses. So whether it's Market Technology, Corporate Solutions, Information Services and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

our markets business. We have active and engaged conversations, and we have a very broad base of
clients. So we have that -- the benefit of diversity. And when I gave my comments, I wanted you to see
either what we're starting to see or what we could see as we understand this pandemic and its potential
impact on our clients. But we don't provide a specific kind of revenue base number that you're looking for.
We're just trying to make sure you understand how our growth could be impacted going forward through
the year.

In terms of our Index business, the Index business was impacted by 3 things. First, as Michael mentioned,
we did have a collection of unpaid invoices that we were able to secure in the quarter, and that had
a positive impact of $5 million. But even without that, we did have double-digit growth in the Index
business, and that was driven by the fact that our AUM is up, so that's one, and that volumes in the future
of our business, as you know, we have an agreement with CME on the futures volumes in the Nasdaq 100
Index futures, and that those volumes were very, very high during the quarter, which, obviously, helped
supplement the growth in the business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Sorry to jump back into the Index business real quick. But can you actually be a little bit more specific and
maybe this is for Michael then, on the pieces on the quarter-to-quarter basis? Because I feel like there's
still something missing. So AUM, I think, average AUM was up 5% quarter-over-quarter in ETPs. And I
think the volumes you mentioned on CME, I think, were up 109% quarter-over-quarter. So maybe just
in terms of dollars, where -- what the contributions were, and then also maybe on the subscription side,
if there was a big increase there. It just seems like there's a -- you're either doing a lot better than we
thought or is something else going on? So just curious if you can flesh out the pieces a little bit better.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So I think that -- a couple of things, and I'll also send it over to Michael to see if I miss anything.
So the first thing is recognizing that the AUM is the 5% growth in AUM, but then also depends on where
the AUM is coming from. And in this particular case, we saw strong -- pretty strong reflection of AUM in
our benchmark indices that tend to carry a slightly higher fee rate. So that's one to consider. And then the
second thing is on the futures volumes. When I looked at last year, I looked at like all of last year and the
futures volume revenue contributed about 12% of the overall revenue, 12.5% of the overall revenue in
the Index business, whereas in the first quarter, it was 19%. So hopefully, that will give you a sense of the
scale of the change in the futures revenue. But I don't know, Michael, if you have anything else.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP Corporate Strategy & CFO

No, I just -- I think it's primarily within that futures revenue. As you know, we do have a new contract
with CME. And so when you look at it on a year-over-year basis and the additional volumes plus the E-mini
micros that they have, when you take that all into account with the mix, et cetera, it adds up towards --
in the results that we're seeing, plus in addition to that $5 million that Adena mentioned earlier and that I
mentioned in my remarks.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Compass Point.

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division

I guess I just wanted to ask quickly just on the taking down the revolver and maintaining the cash buffer.
I get that you have to repay the CP in the second quarter if the CP markets do not improve. I'm just

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

wondering why you think it's necessary to maintain a -- that level of cash buffer right now, just given the
cash-generation capabilities of your businesses and just where you are from a kind of leverage standpoint
at present.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP Corporate Strategy & CFO

Yes, thanks, Chris. I think the simple answer is it's really belts and suspenders as we're going through an
unprecedented time, something that comes along once every 100 years. And you're in a situation when
we were in March with the markets were very volatile. The short-term funding markets, obviously, had --
have tightened up substantially. And honestly, in a position like this, it's just a matter of having liquidity
is a very good thing to have, and it just allows us to sleep well at night. So there was no immediate need
for that additional buffer. It honestly was just putting some additional cash on the balance sheet so that
we had some protection for unforeseen circumstances again, given just the uncertainty around the events.
And as things settle down and things -- now with the government stimulus and the markets returning to
normal, we will take a look to see whether we need to maintain that additional $300 million or so and we'll
pay down the revolver when we feel comfortable. But it was really just, like I said, a belts and suspenders
approach.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Question is around the organic growth. And Adena, thanks for all the updates. I think that was helpful
to be cautious this year. But when you think about the low end of the range, like in terms of determining
that, is it like kind of the depth of the recession and the impact of the pandemic? Or is it more the
duration, meaning if it lasts a long time? And then, Michael, just on the expenses related to the
nontransaction or the nontrading part of the business, like how flexible is that? And Adena, I think you
mentioned on the organic growth, the longer term, but a lot of time, you go through like issues like
this and a lot of customers kind of rethink businesses, so are there any parts of the business that you
think you can actually see more demand for outsourcing in some of the services that you provide to your
customers?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thanks a lot. So I'll start with the organic growth range. I think that when -- we've been really
evaluating 2020 and we also have been looking at it long term, as I mentioned. So it's kind of like what's
the immediate impact and how should we make sure that we're communicating at least what we're
seeing and what we know about a great unknown right now. And then also looking longer term, are
we still playing into the right trends? Are we seeing those trends either develop as they have been or
even accelerate? So taking both in order. On 2020, I think that it's -- we are trying to make sure that we
recognize that if things kind of are able to return to a "new normal," I'm going to call it that, relatively in
a sustainable way as we get through the first half of this year and into the second half of the year, then I
think that we'll find that IPOs come back in, albeit slower than what we had experienced last year in the
first quarter.

We will also expect that we will continue to have great ability to provide intelligence solutions to our
investment management clients and our corporate clients and then we also have a lot of projects and a
lot of opportunities within market tech that we would expect that our clients will want to hop right back
to it and get those going as they see their own worlds normalize to a degree. We do think there will be
a new normal, though. We don't expect all of our employees to come back to the office right away. We
don't expect the clients' employees to come back to the office right away. And so it will be, hopefully, a
steady improvement in the environment as we get better testing, as we hopefully implement some contact
tracing and we can be better at managing and equipping our employees to work safely.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

So I think, Mike, that that's a new normal, that's something that we'd like to see, and I think that gives
us -- that make -- it plays right into what we're good at and what we can do. But we also recognize that
that's not necessarily the outcome. So we wanted to give you a sense of where are there the risks. And
those risks, to the extent they continue to manifest, will make it harder for us to reach the low end of the
range this year, and we wanted to make sure that you were aware of that. But when we look longer term,
we continue to be really optimistic about where we're investing and why what we're doing is important.

And I actually completely agree with your comment, which is that as people look forward and they say,
"Okay. What do I need to do myself? And where can I find a partner who can do it for me? Or what do I
need to do on-site? And what can I put into a cloud environment to make it so I'm not as dependent on
my data center and the people there?" I think that we have a lot of opportunity to partner with our clients
on tech. I mean I really do. I think that they will be looking for more and more solutions that can scale
up, that can be operated remotely, managed remotely, that make it so that they can operate in a more of
a BCP environment. And I believe that what we're building and what we're doing, will play into that quite
nicely.

In terms of the expenses, I'm going to send that over to Michael because I forgot what the question was.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP Corporate Strategy & CFO

Yes, so thanks, Adena. And the answer on the expenses and whether it's the trading or the nontrading
expenses, I think Nasdaq has historically shown that it's very, very efficiency-focused organization. And we
do look at our expenses on a very detailed basis across our different segments. And depending on what's
happening with respect to the nature of the business, we do have some levers that we can affect. We,
obviously, have some discretionary spend with -- across our different programs, number one, we'll take
a look at those, and that includes things like marketing and travel and entertainment and other types of
opportunities. In addition to that, we do have our initiatives.

And there's the initiatives that Adena referred to earlier in our R&D program, but there's also a number of
other underlying initiatives that, as an organization, you have the opportunity to either do faster or slow
down depending on the nature of the environment that we're facing. And then you can always continue
to look at other elements within the cost base. We now have much more flexibility with respect to our
working environment. And so we'll take those things into account. So I think we'll be very cost-conscious,
and we will, obviously, observe the environment and adjust our expenses accordingly.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ari Ghosh with Credit Suisse.

Arinash Ghosh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Assuming -- this one for Adena, appreciate all the color that you provided and apologies again, but back
to your comments around the potential risk of hitting that 5% to 7% range in 2020. Just based on your
early assessment, and I know you've hit on this a little bit, but again, apologies if I missed it. Could you
just talk about specific areas and segments that might be driving that? Because if I think about the trends
that you saw early this quarter, info services, there were solid trends there. And then just overall in the
business, whether it's analytics, surveillance, tech infrastructure, those are sort of more essential and I
imagine would be a little more sticky in the near-term as well. So maybe can you just drill down by maybe
high-level business and then specific either client segments or regions that you see right now that could
potentially drive some of this weakness in the near term. That could just help maybe sort of ring-fence
this and triangulate -- for us to think about sort of how long this could last in terms of whether it's more a
near-term concern with the particular subclient segment or maybe longer-term nature?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Sure. Okay. So I'll try to be brief, but it's a big question. So the first thing I would say is you are correct
that we have a sticky client base. And I think that we should recognize that. And hopefully, I conveyed
that in my prepared remarks, that we have -- we do provide critical services, critical technologies, critical
information that allow our clients to navigate the capital markets or operate capital markets successfully.
So you are very correct that we have a sticky client base. And so that gives us great confidence in the
overall base and foundation of our business.

But when we look at growth, it's driven by, obviously, in upgrading or even increasing the relationships
we have with certain customers or finding new customers, right, or making changes in pricing. And I think
we've made our normal-course changes in prices this year, and they're already being reflected through the
results, but when we look at the other 2, I think that when it comes to our current client base, whether
it's corporate clients, investment management clients, broker-dealer clients or exchanges, they're very
busy right now. So they will look for us -- to us for immediate needs and we will be able to provide them
to them like we help them through the surge in traffic and volumes through their systems. We've helped
corporate clients really try to understand and do some new targeting work to help them understand
how to attract new investors into their names. We certainly have done a lot of work with our investment
management clients and we're doing a lot of analysis now on business continuity planning and other
things that help our investment management clients. So we have a lot of really interesting short-term
work and I think some of that was well reflected in the quarter but also will continue to benefit us.

I think where we just want to make sure we recognize is that when -- with our existing clients, they are
quite busy and so decisions get slowed down. And they are also dealing with their own uncertainties. And
so they want to make sure they kind of understand where the world might sit, certainly before they make
big decisions, but also even with some of the smaller ones, it just takes longer to get things through the
process. I think that the other thing is with new customers, we've had -- we have a very good pipeline,
frankly, and we continue to have a good pipeline across our business. But those clients also are thinking
through their own kind of how quickly can they get it to market, how quickly can they get their new
customers to test the system, for instance, how quickly do they want to switch over to a new service when
everyone's working from home. So to me, those are delays in decisions.

But generally speaking, in our recurring revenue segments, we do find that we have a strong base, but
we have some clients who are either lengthening their decisions or deferring them. And then -- or they
might. They haven't yet, but they might. So we want to make sure that you're aware of that. And then
I would say that in certain places, and I did mention this in my comments, where we have, particularly
in corporate clients, where we have a range of clients across multiple segments, they are going through
different phases. So some of the segments are quite secure, like health care and technology, and other
segments are managing through significant disruptions. And those that can make -- then make different
decisions around any sort of what they would consider discretionary spend. Again, we haven't seen a lot of
that yet, but that's a risk that we recognize in our business, particularly if this situation continues over a
longer period of time. So that's all within our nontrading businesses that I mentioned.

Within our trading businesses, as I mentioned also, we don't try to predict volume. We tried to long
ago. But we don't -- it's not an easy thing to predict. So we try to make sure we maintain our business
and manage our business through cycles and we benefit our shareholders when we have a cycle of high
volumes. But we definitely try to make sure that we don't take it -- we don't commit ourselves to thinking
that there's going to be a high-volume environment forever. We just are looking at the signals that we're
seeing right now and seeing a healthy volume environment right now. So that was what I was basically
trying to convey to you. I hope that helps.

Operator

And our next question comes from Ken Hill with Rosenblatt.

Kenneth William Hill
Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division

I wanted to ask, yesterday, you guys announced the launch of Nasdaq Cloud Data Services. I was hoping
you could provide a little bit more detail on kind of what the enhanced flexibility does there. I mean

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

obviously, it seems like it allows you to kind of update the product more often, have a more tailored
data set. But is there anything tangible we should be thinking about from maybe an expense footprint
perspective or the ability on the revenue side maybe to tap into new customers or new clients who
might not have used the legacy products in the past? So just kind of wondering how to think about that
handedly.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

So you nailed it. So we are looking at that cloud data service. First of all, it's not for the ultra-low latency
clients. But it is from the broader investor base out there in the world and for clients who tailor to
investors around the world. And because it's delivered in a micro -- in a millisecond environment, so
it is truly real-time. And that's pretty excited -- exciting to be able to deliver that out through a cloud
infrastructure, and that's some engineering work we did with our cloud partner. The second thing is that
it's a really light touch in terms of what the client needs to do to take it. It's a very easy API for them to
ingest and to build up front-end capabilities against. So it's got this -- it's a very modern language. It's
very simple, and it makes it so that they can ingest it and develop front end very quickly against it. So it's
like a light -- think of it as like a light development kit that allows them to take in the data a lot faster and
have a lot less cost associated with managing the data.

And recognizing that since it is in a cloud infrastructure, they're not having to take the data into -- and
ingest it into their data centers. They can just ping it through and then it will flow through into their
systems from the cloud and they can store it and they can manage it in the cloud. So our view is that
it's a much lighter infrastructure as well. And I would say that we are expecting to be able to see new
customers. That's kind of one of the main reasons we're doing it, is to continue to expand our client base.
But we also are working with customers that we've had who might take it as a new feed, like maybe they
took our basic feed before and now they want to take our depth because it's a lot easier to take in. So for
all those reasons, we're excited, but it's new. So we just launched it yesterday, and we have a lot of work
to do to make sure we build up that pipeline and make it a reality for us.

Operator

And we have a question from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.

Christopher Meo Harris
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

How does COVID change how you guys are thinking about acquisitions? Do you want to potentially be a bit
more opportunistic because I presume valuations have come down? Or do you want to be more cautious
because we just don't know what the revenue outlook is going to look like?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

A great question. So the first thing I would say is I think it's a little early for companies to necessarily
admit to themselves that their valuations have come down. So while I do think we are in -- we have a
resilient business, we have a strong cash orientation to our business. We have a lot of opportunities to
grow and continue to manage our growth organically and in the context of what I've been discussing
this morning. And so were there to be a really great opportunity out there that we really think is a great
strategic fit and delivers a really good financial result, and we have line of sight into the future of that
business because that's the big thing that everyone's trying to grapple with, then we may choose to
continue to take that opportunistic approach. But I think that we'll be more cautious in a couple of areas.

One is certainly making sure we're thinking about it in the context of our own balance sheet and making
sure we continue to have a very strong position there. And two is we really need to be able to model it
successfully. And so these businesses, we have to be able to see through the cycle and know what's on
the other end and know that they're also growing into or managing into a trend that we believe in. And
so for that reason, I think you're going to find that it's -- I would say we're being more cautious, but
we -- it certainly is something that we have -- we'll continue to evaluate. I think, as we've said before,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

the vast majority of our time and attention is focused on organic growth. We have the engines going.
And while some of them may have a little bit of a slower role this year, I think we still feel highly excited
about everything that we have going on organically. So we don't spend every minute thinking about that
question, but we -- that is something that we'll consider if the opportunity is right.

Operator

And our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Just on the investment data business, the slowdown in organic growth there to 5% year-over-year. Just
wondering if you could comment on what that was related to specifically. Or was that with any type
of early impact? Or should we be expecting some rebound from that growth rate? And then also just
regarding the investment data business, it was good to hear that you haven't seen much change in client
behavior yet and you kind of won over the stickiness across a number of your nontransaction businesses.
But very specifically related to eVestment, market you can frame mission-critical that really is for SME and
other users [ can make your ] significant revenue pressure into 2021?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Great. I didn't quite catch the end of that question. Would you mind -- just I heard you want me to
talk about eVestment, but I didn't quite catch the whole question. Do you mind asking it again?

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Yes, sorry. Just wondering if ...

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Okay. How about this? I'll answer your first question. And then -- okay. I'll try to give you just color into
eVestment. So in terms of the growth rate Investment Data & Analytics, it's comprised of a few things.
So we've got eVestment, which is definitely the largest revenue driver there. We also have Quandl and
the Nasdaq Fund Network included in there. So just want to make sure everyone knows that it's not just
eVestment. But when we look at the growth rate of eVestment, what we chose to do going into 2020 and
coming through 2019 is actually try to focus on deepening our relationships with our clients, which frankly,
is, I think, paying dividends right now.

So we actually made a change in the way that we price eVestment to remove the per-user charge and
make it more of an enterprise charge per client, which has made it so that we've actually significantly
increased usage of eVestment within the clients, but it also means that we don't have as many kind of
smaller increases in per-user revenues that would come in, in any given period. But it does also mean
that it gives us more of an opportunity to scale eVestment across the clients to create more even more
stickiness with our customers and really work with them on developing and delivering new capabilities
as this technology and the data is more propagated within our customers, meaning, it's not just in the
marketing group, it's in the senior management office, it's in the fund management office now. And so it
gives us more of a chance to grow through new capabilities.

And so on the back of that, that did moderate some of the growth that -- the near-term growth that we
saw in the revenues this quarter, but it also gives us a lot of stickiness and a great foundation for us to
continue to grow. And then I think that in general, we are doing a lot of investing in eVestment in the
private market space. So we've built out a really great capability to be able to do the same thing for
private investors as we can do for public market investors. And that has been an area of growth, but that,
I think, will start to show up as we get through 2020 and into 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

And so those areas, I think those are all the things that I think will drive us in continuing to have very
sticky and successful relationships with our customers, expand into private markets, continue the global
expansion of the business. But it did result in some -- a slower growth as we transitioned our clients to a
new pricing scheme.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Great. So back to the outlook for nontransaction business growth. So slower growth dynamics in current
environment, obviously, make a lot of sense. But I was hoping you could talk a little bit about areas where
we could see actual cost rationalization from some of your clients. So I think you talked about Corporate
Solutions as one of the areas in earlier responses. You just talked about eVestments, but any others that
we need to be mindful of as, obviously, clients potentially might have to respond to their own revenue
challenges. And if you get hit on the kind of typical contract structure for those relationships, are these
annual renewals? Could there be more near-term terminations? Just to kind of help us think about the
path over the next couple of quarters.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So if I take it by group. So in Corporate Services business, as I mentioned, to the extent that some
of our corporate clients are facing more near-term expense challenges, they may come to us and work
with the -- and try to work with us to change some of the fees that we charge or they might have to make
a decision not to take our service. But those are -- I mean, we have thousands of customers who take
our services. So it's still not going to be a large swath of our client base. And in those cases, what we
have been able to do to the few that we've been working with so far is really just focusing on what are the
services they really need. And so we've actually been able to retune the conversation towards, well, let's
actually work on something that meets your more immediate needs and then we'll get back to, let's say, a
perception study later. So that they maintain their relationship with us, we do a different kind of work for
them that's more relevant to the time that they're dealing with, but keeps them as a customer.

And that's been highly successful so far. So -- but those contracts are anywhere from 1 to 3 years
generally, and they generally roll, auto roll, so -- but it does give them an opportunity to have a
conversation with us every 1 or 2 or 3 years.

In terms of the data and Index business, well, as you know, Index is a little different, so I'm going to
put that to the side. When it comes to our Investment Data & Analytics and some of the groups there in
our data business, they tend to be either 1-year or multiyear contracts with an eVestment, but our data
business is just you take it, you pay a monthly fee. So we don't tend to contractually obligate our clients
over periods of time there. And that's worked quite well for us, frankly, and it is a highly resilient business
across cycles and we've been very pleased that our clients actually are coming to us and saying, "Well,
how can I use your data to save money?"

So I'm just letting you know, we have had various good conversations with clients who are looking to take
some of the proprietary data and need to consolidate it to make it so that they can actually save money
against some of the other data providers that they might have. This new cloud service also gives them the
flexibility to take the data directly from us as opposed to through a vendor, which then also adds a layer
of cost. So there are ways that we can work with them on that. But we have not -- as I mentioned, other
than some of the new clients, particularly outside of the United States that have taken our data, to the
extent they see it as a discretionary spend, they may choose not

[Audio Gap]

later. But generally, we have a very resilient business there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

In terms of market tech, as you all know, those contracts are longer-term in nature. A surveillance
agreement can be anywhere from 3 to 5 years. A market tech, a transaction or an execution system or a
trade life cycle system contract can be anywhere from 5 to 10 years. So they're very secured contracts.
Our exchange clients are looking a lot like us. They're very resilient businesses. They're very stable
businesses. And so our conversations with them have been more around how can we support them
through the short term, how do we make sure that we continue to work with them on upgrading and
enhancing their technologies for the long term. And so those conversations have remained very, very
productive. So I hope that helps.

Operator

And we have a question from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I have a question related to the Skytra trading venue and then more broadly, how does the conversation
change with other nonfinancial industries which may see the need to hedge revenue risk. So for Skytra,
it may be a little bit hard to gauge, but how effective the Skytra exchange could have spread the risk
from the travel industry to capital markets? And then more broadly, do you have more discussions about
developing similar trading venue with other nonfinancial industries to hedge revenue risk?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. So I don't have any special knowledge of Skytra beyond the work that we're doing with them
to develop their trading and clearing solutions. I think that they've actually made statements around
that. So I would -- I will -- I can work with that to see if that's something that we can get more clarity
on from them. I think that they are excited about being able to launch this, and they want to be able to
provide that hedging capability. So I -- and I think that they continue to target this year for their launch.
So I would say that they continue to see this as being highly relevant, but I think that they would have to
answer your specific question there.

In terms of the broader new markets landscape, it definitely has opened our minds to working with clients
on that kind of hedging type of capability, that the key to Skytra's success, and I think or what they
expect to have as great success is the data. So of course, it's our trading solution, too. But the data they
have is very comprehensive. They are getting data from an industry source that allows them to see into
the vast majority of tickets sold in the industry. And that then gives them a very strong foundation for an
index that then can serve as the foundation for the futures instrument. If you think about other industries,
other parts of our economy, where there is this kind of vast amount of data that allows you to aggregate
selling and buying behaviors and understanding the pricing of certain goods and services being sold in a
very large percentage of them being sold, then I think you could argue that this is a relevant strategy for a
lot of industries, and that's something that we've been thinking about a lot.

We did a fun internal program where we asked our internal teams to come up with new markets ideas,
and then we had judges come and judge the different ideas, and some of them were based specifically on
what you just said as to how we think about leveraging our technology to help other industries. So that's
work that was ongoing. And obviously, I agree that there's opportunities to take that model and apply it
elsewhere.

Operator

And there's no other questions in the queue. I'd like to turn it back to CEO, Adena Friedman, for closing
remarks.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

All right. Well, thank you very much. I just want to say that it's -- we are really fortunate to have a
particularly resilient operating and financial model at Nasdaq, and that provides essential technology,
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

information and services across a diverse set of clients across the global capital markets. We also
greatly benefit from our trading franchise, which provides an increased revenue opportunities in times
of uncertainty while the balance of our nontrading segments prepares us well to manage our business
successfully over a range of macroeconomic environments.

And we remain fully committed to our new long-term strategy. If anything, recent events have bolstered
our belief that continuing our journey as a leading technology and information services provider that
operates world-leading marketplaces is the best way to serve our clients and deliver returns to our
shareholders over the long term. So I look forward to continuing our discussions throughout the year on
our progress and what we continue to see as the situation evolves. And with that, I want to thank you
very much for your time today. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

