Newmont Corporation NYSE:NEM
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.83

0.86

3.61

0.96

2.51

4.61

Revenue  (mm)

3243.52

3170.00

(2.27 %)

3437.55

12189.90

14277.02

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 1:08 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.48

0.42

0.31

0.83

0.50

0.40

0.32

0.86

4.17 %

(4.76 %)

3.23 %

3.61 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jessica Largent
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Fahad Tariq
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Greg Barnes
TD Securities Equity Research

Michael Jalonen
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Tyler J. Langton
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Newmont's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]
Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jessica Largent,
Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Jessica Largent
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Newmont Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference
Call. Joining us on the call today are Tom Palmer, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Atkinson,
Chief Operating Officer; and Nancy Buese, Chief Financial Officer.

They will be available to answer questions at the end of the call along with other members of our
executive team.

Turning to Slide 2. Please take a moment to review the cautionary statements shown here and refer to our
SEC filings, which can be found on our website at newmont.com.

And now I'll turn it over to Tom on Slide 3.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jessica, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Before I start, I want to take this
opportunity to thank Jessica Largent, who will be leaving Newmont at the end of the year after more than
5 years with us, which included 3 years as Head of our Investor Relations group.

For those of you who have not yet had the chance to meet him, I'd also like to introduce Eric Colby, our
Vice President of Strategic Communications. Eric was appointed to lead the strategic communications
function earlier this year, and he combines both Investor Relations and Communications.

Eric has been with Newmont since 2007, including 3 years working at Yanacocha in Peru. And since 2013,
Eric has led multiple transactions as part of our corporate development team, playing a key role in the
divestiture of Batu Hijau, the acquisition of Goldcorp and the formation of the Nevada Goldmines joint
venture.

I'd like to thank Jess for her many contributions to Newmont, the support that she has provided me and
my team and wish her the very best of luck as she embarks on her next adventure.

Turning back to results. I'm very excited to share with you our record third quarter performance as we
continue to deliver on our purpose to create value and improve lives through responsible and sustainable
mining.

Turning to our quarterly highlights on Slide 4. Newmont has the industry's most diverse balanced portfolio
of world-class assets that provide stable production with significant leverage to rising gold prices.

We have continued to manage through the COVID pandemic from a position of strength, with a proven
leadership team, operating model and highly capable workforce, we are building on our track record of
superior value creation.

I am incredibly proud of how our teams across the world have responded to this pandemic and the
sacrifices people have made and continue to make to support Newmont and the communities in which we
live and work.

They have set a standard for leadership in our industry. All of our products are now operational, and we
delivered record financial results. We produced 1.5 million ounces of gold and 273,000 gold equivalent

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

ounces from copper, silver, lead and zinc, putting us well on track to achieve our full year guidance this
year.

We generated significant operating cash flow of $1.6 billion and free cash flow of $1.3 billion, the most in
any quarter in Newmont's 100 year history. We have continued to safely advance project work at Tanami,
Subika Underground and Musselwhite.

We also announced the sale of a royalty portfolio to Maverix Metals, which closed yesterday and
exploration joint ventures with Agnico Eagle in Colombia and Kirkland Lake in Canada.

Our solid operating performance further improved our financial strength and flexibility. We ended the
quarter with $4.8 billion of consolidated cash and reduced our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio to 0.4x.

And yesterday, we further demonstrated our confidence in the strength of our business and continued
commitment to leading shareholder returns, with a 60% increase to our quarterly dividend, which is
now $0.40 per share or $1.60 per share annualized. This is the second increase to our dividend this year
and reflects the strength of Newmont portfolio to pay a higher dividend, while we continue to advance
profitable projects and maintain financial strength and flexibility.

Newmont will remain disciplined in everything we do, including being prudent in our approach to capital
allocation, given the uncertainty in the world today.

However, we will have an opportunity to evaluate even further returns to shareholders as we continue to
build excess cash. And last but certainly not least, we are the first and only mining company to achieve
gender parity amongst our nonexecutive directors, setting an example at the very top of the organization
that is fundamental for sustained cultural change.

Turning to Slide 5 for more detail on our commitment to improving lives. At Newmont, we have a
fundamental belief that a commitment to leading environmental, social and governance practices are
essential to delivering sustainable long-term value for all of our stakeholders. This starts with our
commitment to our people and the work we are doing to sustainably improve health and safety, and
create a more inclusive culture across our global business.

We continue to perform well against our public sustainability targets to source from local suppliers, hire
within the communities near operations, respond to community complaints in a timely manner, reduce our
water consumption and complete planned reclamation activities.

We are on track to meet a 7-year target to reduce our carbon emissions by 16.5% by the end of this year
and are also working to develop longer-term science-based targets for emissions, which we plan to release
next month.

We are committed to fully implementing the global industry standard from talent management that will
help us improve how we manage these type of facilities. We are the second most transparent company in
the S&P 500 and placed 12 out of more than 200 companies on the Corporate Human Rights Benchmark.

These achievements are the result of relentless hard work from generations of leaders, lessons learned
and improvements made that form the very DNA of Newmont.

Turning to Slide 6. As a mining industry, we must continue to improve our health and safety performance.
At Newmont, we have a relentless focus on ensuring that everyone who works in our business can return
safely home to their families.

As leaders, it is up to us to create a culture in which fatality risks are clearly understood and sustainably
managed at all times through visible self-leadership, and the systems we put in place to manage risk
consistently across our global business, we are working to significantly improve our safety performance.

In response to eliminating fatalities and supporting an injury-free workplace, Newmont made a symbolic
change this year, stepping away from our industry's additional use of a lagging personal injury rate in our
bonus programs, to measures that are focused on managing the critical controls that must be in place at
all times to prevent fatalities.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

This year, we have completed over 40,000 critical control focused conversations in the field, conversations
that have proactively identified and eliminated potential risks that could lead to a fatality.

And we've recently begun using digital tools, introducing an app across the organization to facilitate these
conversations and capture more robust data that can quickly be analyzed and shared across our business
globally. On the back of this work, we have reduced our significant potential events by 2/3 compared to
2019, and achieved a 6-fold improvement from when I joined Newmont in 2014 and started us on this
journey.

And despite the significant leadership distraction due to managing COVID this year, we are on track to
achieve the lowest personal injury rates in our company's history, with a total recordable injury frequency
rate of 0.28 per 200,000 hours worked. It is no coincidence that visible self-leadership focused on fatality
prevention is driving a significant improvement in all of our safety metrics.

Moving now to the industry's best portfolio on Slide 7. Among our 12 operating mines and 2 joint
ventures, we have 8 world-class assets, each of which delivers more than 500,000 gold equivalent ounces
per year, at all-in sustaining costs of less than $900 per ounce and with a mine life that exceeds 10 years.

Importantly, all 8 are located in top-tier jurisdictions that we define as countries classified in the A and B
ranking ranges by each of Moody's, S&P and Fitch.

We firmly believe that we have the right-sized portfolio to generate sustainable returns from our world-
class responsibly managed assets located in the best gold mine jurisdictions.

Underpinning our asset base are the largest gold reserves in the world with nearly 96 million ounces.
We also offer substantial future upside through our gold resource base, with nearly 75 million ounces of
measured and indicated resources.

In addition to this, we have 63 million gold equivalent ounces in our reserves, which includes 15 billion
pounds of copper. Importantly, 90% of our reserves are in the Americas and Australia.

Exploration always has been and will continue to be a core competency at Newmont. Our disciplined
exploration program lays the groundwork for growing our reserve and resource base to sustain stable,
steady production and cash flows for decades to come.

Turning to Slide 8. Our portfolio will generate more than 6 million ounces of gold per year through 2029.
This stable production profile is underpinned by our 8 world-class assets, our industry-leading exploration
program and our next 3 development projects. Tanami Expansion 2, which is in execution; and then Ahafo
North and Yanacocha Sulfides, both of which are in the late stages of definitive feasibility.

As you can see here, our portfolio provides steady production over the next decade, balanced across each
of our 4 regions. This profile is further enhanced by more than 1 million gold equivalent ounces from silver,
lead and zinc at Peñasquito and copper at Boddington and Yanacocha.

Combined, we will deliver more than 7 million gold equivalent ounces per year for the next decade, for
most of any company in our industry.

Turning to our unrivaled project pipeline on Slide 9. Our project pipeline is unmatched in the gold industry
and is one of the best in the mining industry. There is significant value to unlock as we optimize and
advance our longer-term projects and lay the pathway for steady production and cash flow well into the
2040.

Our near-term projects include Ahafo North, which is the best-unmined gold deposit in West Africa and for
which we expect to reach a full funds decision early in the New Year and Yanacocha Sulfides, which is also
progressing towards the full funds decision next year and has the potential to extend the Yanacocha's life
well into the 2030s.

Looking at the earlier stage projects in our pipeline, you will see 2 new projects with improved visibility
with Pamour at Porcupine, which is formerly the Century project and Oberon at Tanami.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

The Pamour project is a layback to the existing Pamour open pit and it's smaller in scope than the prior
Century project, which requires a relocation of the existing processing facilities in order to access the
Dome orebody.

Developing Pamour is expected to extend mine life by another decade, providing us more time to explore
the Borden, Hoyle Pond, and Dome orebodies to find the next probable extension of the Porcupine mine.

Pamour is a great example of Newmont's disciplined investment system, which focuses on value creation
and phased investment decisions to maintain our current production profile instead of progressing highly
complex capital-intensive projects.

At Oberon, we are very excited that our near-mine exploration efforts continue to identify highly
prospective deposits with the potential to further extend life and improve costs at the world-class Tanami
asset. Rob will cover some more details on Oberon shortly. At Coffee, we completed our exploration
mapping exercise and are closing the camp ahead of the winter season. We remain excited about the
potential of Coffee to fully optimize the orebody and improve value.

In addition to our highly prospective gold projects, we had significant organic exposure to gold, copper
porphyries, including Norte Abierto, Nueva Unión, and Galore Creek.

In fact, if you assume that 1 of these 3 mega projects comes into our production profile at the back end
of this decade, Newmont's total production would be around 15% to 20% copper, providing us a natural
exposure to a metal of growing importance for reducing carbon emissions and facilitating the ongoing
transition to a new energy economy.

It's also worth noting that since 2016, I have led the delivery of 10 projects on time and budget, achieving
an average internal rate of return of over 30%. Going forward, we will build on this track record by
continuing to apply our disciplined and rigorous approach to projects and ensuring Newmont is well
positioned to generate superior value throughout the product cycle.

Turning to our free cash flow generation potential on Slide 10. Our balanced portfolio, combined with
our disciplined and operating model, provide significant leverage to high gold prices from the largest
production and reserve base in the world. For every $100 increase in gold prices above our base
assumption, Newmont delivers approximately $400 million of incremental, attributable free cash flow for
the year.

Using our conservative $1,200 gold price assumption our base free cash flow would still total more than $5
billion over the next 5 years. And at current gold prices, our portfolio will generate more than $19 billion of
free cash flow over that same time frame.

To be clear, this is free cash flow that is entirely attributable to Newmont's account, enabling us to provide
industry-leading returns. With that, I'll hand it over to Rob to discuss our operational performance on Slide
11.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Tom. Before jumping into the regions, I'll start with a general COVID update. Across our portfolio,
we have continued our wide-ranging controls and safety protocols to place the health, safety and well-
being of our teams and our communities above all else. While we've had employees and contractors test
positive for the virus, our effective testing, contact tracing and quarantine procedures have proven to be
effective in mitigating the spread to other employees and local communities.

In the second quarter, with 5 sites in care maintenance and all 5 sites were operational in the third
quarter. Peñasquito ramped up quickly and was achieving pre-COVID levels in the plant by mid June,
Éléonore and Musselwhite ramped up early in the third quarter, and Yanacocha has returned to near full
capacity.

Cerro Negro is currently operating at about 60% of normal capacity as the site continues to be impacted
by ongoing travel restrictions in Argentina due to the virus. We are working closely with the local

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

authorities and unions, and are mitigating the efficiency impact of reduced staffing levels by consolidating
our mining and processing efforts in the near term.

I'm incredibly proud of the commitment of all of our teams during these difficult times, and the efforts that
they have demonstrated day in, day out to work and produce safely.

Turning to Slide 12 for an update on Australia's performance. At Boddington, we delivered solid third
quarter production on the back of higher grades, which partially offset the wet weather that impacted
mining productivity. As the stripping campaign winds down, we expect to benefit from higher grades
through 2022.

Boddington is expected to finish the year strongly with higher production and lower operational costs in
the fourth quarter. The autonomous haulage system is progressing well and remains on track to be fully
operational in the first half of 2021, which will further enhance Boddington's safety and productivity, while
also extending mine life.

The team continues to work very closely with Cat as they prepare to become the world's first open pit
gold mine with an autonomous haul truck fleet. The Cat MineStar system has been installed, and we are
expediting the delivery of the AHS trucks with 14 of the 29 arriving before year-end ahead of schedule.

Tanami delivered another strong quarter with higher grades, which helped offset COVID-related travel
restriction and quarantine protocols that impact productivity. The team remains focused on improving
productivity through optimized shift, roster and flight schedules.

And despite the challenges over the course of 2020, Tanami remains on track to produce 500,000 ounces
this year. Tanami Expansion 2 is progressing well, with around 40% of engineering work complete and
close to 20% of the overall project complete.

Earlier this month, we achieved a significant milestone, completing the pilot hole, which provides us the
ability and guidance we need to be able to develop the new 5.4-meter wide shaft from both the top and
the bottom.

Construction for the camp is well underway with around 75% of the new surface buildings in place. We
continue to review the schedule and capital for this project to understand the full impact of potential
delays due to the ongoing impact of COVID.

Looking further ahead, we have significant near-mine exploration upside with extensions to existing
deposits and at Oberon, which has the potential to grow beyond 2 million ounces.

Oberon is an open pit deposit located only 28 kilometers to the north of the Tanami underground mine and
has the potential to grow production for the operation beyond the current 500,000 ounces per year.

As Tom mentioned, Oberon is in prefeasibility, and we've been remotely progressing our study work by
evaluating mine planning scenarios and resource model updates.

Recently, we resumed fieldwork after working in close collaboration with traditional owners to access the
area and safely remobilize our hydro geological drilling efforts. Exploration drilling is planned to resume
after the upcoming wet season.

Turning to Africa on Slide 13. At Akyem, we delivered a solid third quarter performance with higher
throughput and recoveries, and we expect to reach higher grades in the fourth quarter, which will continue
through 2021.

At Ahafo, our investment in this world-class asset continues to deliver value. Our transition to a more
productive underground mining method at Subika Underground is progressing very well with development
rates ahead of schedule.

During the quarter, we ramped up to mining 4 to 5 stopes concurrently in various locations of the mine,
reducing congestion and increasing tonnages. Higher grades from the underground will help offset the
stripping campaigns in the Awonsu and Subika open pits through next year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

And at Ahafo North, we continue to advance the permitting process with the Ghana EPA, and the team is
focused on engineering and design work as well as construction, procurement and community planning.

As Tom mentioned, we remain firmly on track for a full funds decision in 2021. When approved, our plans
include building a stand-alone mill to produce approximately 250,000 ounces per year over a 13-year
mine life for an investment of approximately $700 million to $800 million.

And Ahafo North functional and technical resources will be supported from our current Ahafo operation,
leveraging our proven operating model to reduce duplication in the region.

Turning to our South America operations on Slide 14. Merian delivered solid third quarter performance as
we processed stockpiles to help offset lower tons mined, and we expect higher grades in the fourth quarter
as we advance into the harder ore.

Yanacocha ramped up from 80% capacity in July to near full capacity in September. In the third quarter,
we processed higher leach tons and returned to more normal levels of throughput in the mill.

And as expected, the inability to place leach ounces in the second quarter will impact Yanacocha through
2020, but the team is working very hard to improve leach cycle times.

At Cerro Negro, we're focused on operating as efficiently as possible to help mitigate the ongoing impacts
of the travel restrictions caused by the virus.

As a result, we are currently running the mill in campaigns, and the team continues to demonstrate
resiliency despite facing inclement weather in the third quarter and complexities of managing varying
workforce availabilities and shift changes.

Mining is focused on development in the Marianas Complex, but we are forecasting a slower ramp-up
delaying access to higher grade stopes into 2021, while we work with the authorities on a longer-term
plan to return to normal operations by the end of the year.

It is worth noting that Cerro Negro is only approximately 4% in Newmont's full year production. So as Tom
previously mentioned, we are well on track to deliver our 2020 guidance.

Looking ahead, we remain very excited about Cerro Negro, which has the potential to become the largest
gold producer in South America. We have more than doubled our land position and the mine and its
surrounding areas are highly prospective and under-explored.

Our exploration team has identified significant district scale potential with more than 100 known prospects
and rank Cerro Negro as one of the most prospective land packages in our entire global portfolio.

We are also very excited about Yanacocha Sulfides progressing to a full funds decision in 2021, and we will
continue to share additional details as our definitive feasibility study progresses.

So wrapping up with North America on Slide 15. Peñasquito delivered solid third quarter performance
as we safely and efficiently ramped up from care and maintenance. While the site continues to manage
through COVID-related workforce challenges, we've been able to maintain our record levels through the
plant and we also successfully completed a 2-week mill maintenance shutdown in September, setting the
operation up for a strong fourth quarter.

Our full potential program continues to drive value from this world-class asset and we are currently
focused on improving fragmentation through our blasting process, and we continue to make
enhancements to the front end of the mill to further improve throughput.

In addition, we fully ratified the sustainable agreement with the Cedros Community in August, which also
helps us to explore our large land package that is currently only 20% explored.

At Musselwhite, we successfully ramped up from care and maintenance in the third quarter and restarted
stockpile processing, and I'm delighted to say that we achieved mechanical completion of the conveyor
system yesterday and have started the important process of wet commissioning.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Over the coming weeks, the conveyors will be tested to ensure all components of the conveyor belts are
safe and fully operational as expected. And I very much look forward to completing the full commissioning
and reaching nameplate capacity of the belts in December.

Also, just last week, this project completed over 100,000 hours without a lost time injury. Again, I'm very
proud of the great work of our sites and project teams, along with our contractor segmentation to ensure
that we keep the health and the safety of every teammate in the forefront of every shift.

Development rates at Musselwhite are exceeding plan, and commissioning of the materials handling
project has begun and is expected to be fully completed in November.

We have also officially kicked off our full potential program at Musselwhite, building on the virtual efforts
over the last several months. Overall, Musselwhite is very well positioned to be fully up and running as we
enter 2021 and will be back stronger than ever before.

At Éléonore, our third quarter performance improved as the site ramped up from care and maintenance.
Ongoing COVID-related restrictions continue to impact staffing levels but development rates ramped up in
September, and we are back to operating at normal capacity.

Our site leadership team remains focused on improving efficiency and productivity and is driving
fundamental changes to how we operate at approximately 250,000 ounces of annual gold production with
a sustainably lower cost base.

We have made significant progress restructuring and reducing the overall number of site personnel, yet
morale has improved, and production levels are on the rise, which speaks to the cultural change taking
place at Éléonore.

Through our full potential program, we've delivered $24 million of value year-to-date and expect to
continue to deliver meaningful cost improvements in 2021 and beyond. Earlier this year, we commissioned
a lower mine materials handling project safely and under budget, which will significantly streamline the
transportation of ore to surface as we transition to higher production rates from the lower levels of the
mine in the years ahead.

Our exploration drills at Éléonore are returning very encouraging results, both laterally and at depth and
we are improving our understanding and interpretation of the geological model.

We have also advanced our understanding of the districts geological framework, which will inform our
2021 drill program and targets less than 20% of the property drill tested to date.

Porcupine delivered solid third quarter results and the site is improving underground development rates
with several new initiatives underway that will increase tons mined and processed in 2021.

And CC&V also delivered strong results from an increase in tons mined and reaching higher grades at the
bottom of the Cresson pit. And with that, I'll turn it over to Nancy to discuss our financial results on Slide
16.

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Rob. Turning to Slide 17 for the financial highlights. We delivered our strongest ever quarterly
performance across several financial metrics, including record free cash flow of $1.3 billion of which 97%
is attributable to Newmont.

Year-to-date, we have generated $2.3 billion in free cash flow, of which 96% is attributable to Newmont.
Other notable third quarter results include revenue of nearly $3.2 billion, adjusted net income of $697
million or $0.86 per diluted share.

Adjusted EBITDA of more than $1.6 billion, an increase of 54% from the prior year quarter and cash from
continuing operations of $1.6 billion ending the quarter with a strong cash position of $4.8 billion.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

We ended the quarter with liquidity of nearly $8 billion, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio improved to
0.4x. Earlier this month, S&P moved Newmont's outlook from stable to positive on strong free cash flow
prospects and reconfirmed our BBB credit rating.

As a reminder, our financial results proportionately consolidate the company's ownership interest in
Nevada Goldmines that do not include the contributions from the company's investment in Pueblo Viejo,
which accrues in equity income versus in our operating results. For the third quarter, our 40% of PV
reported 87,000 ounces of production and would have added an additional $115 million of EBITDA.

Turning to Slide 19 for a review of our earnings per share in more detail. Third quarter GAAP net income
from continuing operations was $611 million or $0.76 per share. Adjustments included $0.07 related to
the change in fair value of our equity investments, $0.03 related to incremental COVID-specific costs,
such as the additional screening protocols, transportation costs and community fund disbursement; $0.10
related to pension settlement changes related to the Nevada Goldmines transaction; $0.03 related to tax
adjustments and valuation allowance; and $0.07 of other charges.

Taking these adjustments into account, we reported third quarter adjusted net income of $0.86 per diluted
share. While the adjusted EBITDA for approximately $32 million of nonrecurring incremental COVID-
specific costs from our third quarter net income, we did not adjust out approximately $35 million of care
and maintenance costs due to Yanacocha, Cerro Negro and Musselwhite ramping up in the third quarter.

With that, I'll hand it over to Tom on Slide 19.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Nancy.

Turning now to Slide 20. Our capital allocation philosophy remains unchanged, and continues to balance
the following 3 priorities: reinvesting in our business through disciplined investments in exploration and
organic growth projects, maintaining financial strength and flexibility to sustain the business across price
cycles and returning cash to shareholders.

Newmont continues to set new standards as the clear industry leader in shareholder returns. We see
further differentiated with a 60% increase in our quarterly dividend that we announced yesterday, bringing
our quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share and our annualized dividend rate to $1.60 per share, this
was our second substantial dividend increase this year, demonstrating the strength and stability of our
business.

Turning to Slide 21 for more details. During 2019 and '20, we will have returned more than $2.5 billion to
shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, an amount that is more than the total of our next 8
competitors combined.

Our $0.40 per share third quarter dividend represents a 186% increase from the third quarter dividend in
2019 and highlights the strength of our financial position and our ability to continue paying an industry-
leading dividend whilst we simultaneously invest in and develop our most profitable projects.

Our most recent dividend increase was set within our newly established dividend framework. This
framework provides our shareholders with the stability of a base annualized dividend of $1 per share,
calibrated at $1,200 gold price assumption and the potential to receive 40% to 60% of the incremental
free cash flow generated at gold prices above $1,200 per ounce.

Our third quarter dividend was calibrated at a conservative and stable $1,500 gold price assumption.

As we have disclosed previously, Newmont generates incremental free cash flow of approximately $400
million for every $100 change in the gold price above $1,200. So at an assumed $1,500 gold price, we
would generate approximately $1.2 billion of incremental free cash flow annually.

Our third quarter dividend increase was calibrated to share 40% of that incremental $1.2 billion free cash
flow that Newmont will generate at an assumed $1,500 gold price.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

That 40% is approximately $419 million. This equates to $0.60 per share annualized. An increase of
$0.60 per share annualized over our base $1 per share dividend. As a result, we are pleased to offer our
shareholders an annualized dividend of $1.60 per share.

We chose a conservative $1,500 assumed gold price for the calibration of our third quarter dividend, to
maintain financial discipline and prudence as well as to instill stability and predictability into our dividend
increase framework.

We will typically reassess the gold price semiannually and recommend incremental dividend increases
when we believe gold prices have rebased at levels of at least $300 per ounce higher that we apply to
establish our prior dividend increase.

While the dividend will be assessed quarterly by our Board, the framework aims to ensure stability and
predictability, and we will evaluate the additional dividend in gold price increments of approximately $300
per ounce.

In addition to this framework, we have a number of tools available to deploy excess cash based upon
the circumstances at the time, these include further strengthening the balance sheet through debt
repayments, opportunistic share buybacks and additional dividends.

Our commitment to industry-leading shareholder return is evidenced by our track record. And we are
confident our operational delivery and discipline will enable us to continue to enhance that record of
performance.

With that, I'll wrap it up on Slide 22. Over the last 18 months, Newmont has assembled the gold industry-
leading portfolio of world-class operations and projects in top-tier jurisdictions and will deliver more than 7
million gold equivalent ounces per year for the next decade and beyond.

Our ability to generate substantial free cash flow across the price cycle is unmatched and our significant
leverage to higher gold prices was demonstrated by our record third quarter free cash flow of $1.3 billion.

As we continue in our 100-year, Newmont is leading the gold mining industry with a foundation that is
stronger than ever and a proven strategy to deliver long-term value while improving lives.

I'm very excited about what the future holds at Newmont, and I look forward to keeping you updated on
our performance.
With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Fahad Tariq with Crédit Suisse.

Fahad Tariq
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just 1 question for me. I didn't see in the presentation anything on synergy targets? And what -- maybe if
that's changed or not, but in any case, can you provide some color on, is the cash flow synergy target still
$500 million for next year?

How is that progressing? And anything else you could tell us on that front would be great.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

I'll kick off and pass to Rob to give you some stories of where we're delivering that value. But yes, we're
on track to deliver the synergy targets as we've committed. The $500 million next year is still very much
our commitment. That's incorporated in our long-term guidance. We'll update our long-term guidance in
December at our guidance webcast. We've been meeting with our Board to review our plan, which forms
the basis for that guidance. But I remain very confident we will deliver at least that $500 million of free
cash flow next year. And as I say, it is built already to our long-term guidance. Rob, do you want to give a
few stories?

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Tom. Thanks for the question, Fahad, that by far and away, the engine of our predominant
synergy is at Peñasquito and that team continues to do particularly well and have over exceeded this year.

And as a reminder, the key areas that we're focused on are primarily the front end of the process plant to
allow more ore to flow through the mill. And we've successfully done that in speeds.

In terms of the mining initiatives, it is about improving the fragmentation to enable more dirt to go
through the plant, but also just bringing greater and greater discipline into how we blast, how we
demarcate, how the shovels dig, et cetera.

But beyond that, we've also moved into the total cost of ownership in the supply chain side of things. So
the procurement of non-OEM HME parts, just to name but a few. But we've got 45 initiatives on the go
down there, all delivering good value. So very, very pleased with how things are going.

Operator

Our Next question comes from Tyler Langton with JPMorgan.

Tyler J. Langton
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just first question, I guess, with the sort of COVID cases rising. I guess is there -- do you see any
increased risk of the shutdowns at the mines, especially, I guess, the mines, that were previously
impacted.

And then just with Cerro Negro, I guess, it's operating at 65%. Is it really TO get back to 100%? Is it
really just based on having travel restrictions eased? Or I guess, are there other sort of alternatives you
can look at?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

There's absolutely nothing wrong with the Cerro Negro operation. The constraints are all around the
COVID restrictions that everyone in Argentina will be managing to keep people safe and healthy.

We continue to apply our COVID protocols with discipline across every 1 of our 12 managed operations,
no matter where they are in the world. So in Australia, where there is no spread, there is no community
virus in either Western Australia or the Northern territory with Boddington and Tanami, respectively, we
still maintain all of our protocols at those operations to ensure that we manage the risk of this nasty virus
spreading.

We still have some 10,000 people who are either not on operating side or an office environment, working
virtually, again, to protect their health and safety and the safety of the communities in which we live and
work.

I might ask Rob to do is, give you a story of around Peñasquito, the work that's being done which would
be mirrored across every 1 of our operations to ensure that we keep people healthy and safety. There is a
-- it's a good story that really demonstrates the extra effort that people are going through, the resilience
in our business, and why I'm so incredibly proud of our Newmont workforce.

Rob?

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Tom. And really, just to build on that is it also highlights how Newmont is living and managing the
current situation with the virus. But Peñasquito to give everybody on the line a sense that when we talk
about COVID testing, it's easy to think, oh yes, that's fairly simple.

But in Mexico, we've got 18 testing centers. We've got 7 at various airports throughout Mexico. We've got
7 at various major bus stations throughout Mexico, and we've got 4 testing stations on site.

Now that also has required to staff those up with nurses, and we've got 56 nurses and personnel,
operating those 18 centers. And as you can imagine, since COVID started, we have performed tens and
tens of thousands of tests to make sure that people our safe to go to the site.

And also we're testing before people leave the site, so they can go back to the communities safely and
with the full knowledge that they're clear of the virus.

But I think that story from Peñasquito really highlights just as Tom said, the effort and the commitment
that our teams have to make sure that we operate throughout this virus very, very safely.

Tyler J. Langton
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's helpful. And then just with the 2 projects for next year for Yanacocha and Ahafo North. Do you
make us a sense when next you might make a decision? And is there any risk just from COVID sort of
pushing those decisions out?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Tyler. I'll kick off. Rob might want to chip in. Ahafo North will come first. It will be early in the New
Year, its lock and loaded, and we're just working through with the EPA on the final permits. It's absolutely
down the middle of our wheelhouse. The blue prints are the same as the original Ahafo, Akyem, and
Merian, very straightforward mine to build an open pit mine mill 20 -- 30 kilometers from our existing
Ahafo operation and a lot of the work, particularly in the first 12 months is a relocation of the road and the
clearing of top soil and starting the initial spud work, all of which is done with local Ghanaian workforce.
And we build off a project team that's still in place at Ahafo having just recently finished the Ahafo mill
expansion and Subika Underground. So very well positioned with Ahafo North and as is said locked and
loaded ready for those final I's to be dotted and T's to be crossed.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Yanacocha Sulfides is second half of next year. Still doing the final engineering work around that definitive
feasibility study. And again, pretty straightforward in terms of bringing that project on once it is approved.
Sulfides is a layback of the existing Yanacocha Verde open pit. So we're mining today at the Yanacocha.

So it's deploying equipment to that layback and it's the Chaquicocha underground, which we have already
developed quite extensively. So both sources of ore all advanced. The key work is around the construction
of a concentrator and the autoclaves on the existing footprint.

And again, as you approve that project and do your early works, a lot of that is civil works to prepare the
foundations for quite a substantial processing plant. So not see any COVID-related restrictions to being
able to bring that project on as we reach full funds.

Operator

Our next question comes from Greg Barnes with TD Securities.

Greg Barnes
TD Securities Equity Research

Tom, just rehashing your commentary on the dividend framework.

Did I understand that you will reassess the dividend every 6 months now going forward based on the gold
price?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Our Board will look at it every quarter, Greg. But they'll look back at a semi-annual gold price period. So if
you look at the discussion we went through with the Board this week to approve that dividend, we looked
back at the semi-annual period, we looked back on in the first half of this year. Gold was averaging around
$1,550 for the first half of the year, and we took a conservative view to lower that to $1,500 and apply the
40%, so the lower end of our range to that $1,500.

So we'll look every quarter as a Board, but then look back over that semiannual period.

Greg Barnes
TD Securities Equity Research

Okay. So in Q1, if you look back over the second half of 2020 let's say, we averaged $1,900, which it looks
like we will. You do something like $1,800 as the basis of dividend?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

I think as you use our framework and make -- do those calculations, and I think I saw that in your report
this morning that is absolutely the discussion that our Board will be going through.

So you could do that calculation, say, the 40% to 60% could be somewhere between $2.20 to $2.40
so that would be subject to the Board looking at not just that gold price, but all of -- a number of other
factors, but that's a sort of discussion that we'll be having. That framework allows us to have that
discussion and allows you and the investment community to make those determinations.

Greg Barnes
TD Securities Equity Research

And just I was interested in your comments on copper and the projects in your portfolio. Is that an
expression of increasing interest in copper or just a factoid out there that those projects have copper
exposure and it's an interesting angle.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

It's just purely a factoid that we don't need to do anything other than develop our organic project pipeline,
and we have got a natural exposure to copper at a time it will be an important metal in the global
community.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

A couple of questions from me. First one, on the cash balance now at $4.8 billion. Just thinking about
the mechanics of that. Looking back, I guess, the last couple of years. You have had it down to about
$2 billion or so, I think. But generally, it's a reasonably high cash balance. But as you think about going
forward, as that cash builds, you pay some of it into dividends, and then you should on our numbers
become net cash relatively quickly, how do you think about the actual cash balance. So what you'll do with
that? Is that going to be used to pay debt? Or what physical work will you do with the actual cash?

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Absolutely. I'll take that one. You got it just right. We have indicated publicly that we would like to
keep cash balances somewhere in the $2 billion to $3 billion range. And I think in the time of COVID
uncertainty that remains prudent. We've also indicated that we will continue to use that cash for things
like paying down our '21 through '23 debt. Things like the share buyback that we've initiated last year, and
certainly, contributions to the dividend as well as reinvesting in our business.

All of those things combined will give us that financial flexibility and optionality. But yes, in today's world, I
think holding a bit more cash on the balance sheet is certainly something we will continue to do.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then just in terms of the project pipeline on Slide 9. You talked about Ahafo North and
Yanacocha Sulfides. $750 million I think you said for the Ahafo North CapEx and Yanacocha Sulfides,
second half next year decision. Can you just remind us the time period and the rough capital that, that
would be spent over?

I think it's a pretty elongated project, but I just wanted to get an update.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Chris. It's -- round number is $2 billion. We're at 51.35% interest in Yanacocha. So it's roughly $1
billion to Newmont's account. And it's a 3-year development. So if you look at the 3 big capital projects,
and if you look at our -- if you want to sort of model our development capital going out on the back of
those, $750 million to Tanami, $750 for Ahafo North and $1 billion for Yanacocha Sulfides over the next
may 4 maybe a little bit into 5 years. That's about roughly our spend on development capital, pretty
steady. And that's another important factor behind our dividend framework is we've got a steady $1
billion in sustaining capital, steady $400 million combined between advanced projects and exploration and
roughly a steady $800 million to $1 billion in development capital that we want to maintain.

Our framework that allows us to share excess cash to shareholders.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. That makes sense. So next year, those 2 main updates and then looking at Slide 9, any of the other
sort of prefeasibility type projects that would move to the next gate?

Thomas Ronald Palmer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think the ones to keep in mind in our project pipeline is what we don't show, and that is, we're
thinking a shaft at Turquoise Ridge. We own 38.5% of that. Pueblo Viejo expansion, which we own 40%
of that. It's getting close to full fund. So there are a couple of other very important catalysts within the
Newmont portfolio.

And then we will be continuing to optimize the 3 big mega projects Galore Creek, Norte Abierto, Nueva
Unión. Only have to do 1 of those at 1 time, very end of this decade, early in the next. So Pamour and
Oberon, the second underground in the Ahafo, Peñasquito moving underground after we finish the layback
to Achim, all of those will push through to execution. And then Coffee, we're just buttoning up our drilling
program as we go into winter. And Coffee would be another potential Ahafo North type project that we
could be bringing through to follow-on to get Panama 2, Ahafo North. So Coffee is sort of a potential
follow-on from there. So plenty of activity happening in that prefeasibility study phase.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. That's clear. And the last one for me. With the automation at Boddington due, I think you said early
next year, what's the latest thoughts on how long you'd assess that for before you maybe look at other
sites and rolling that out on other operations?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

We don't need to do much of testing of autonomous, it is already proven. I mean I implemented the first
autonomous mine in the Pilbara almost 10 years ago. So it's proven technology. There's no piloting or
assessing. It's changing our fleet over, and it's got a business case. So what you'll work through with the
existing operations and it's going to have enough life in front of you and value proposition to change out a
fleet.

Boddington presented that business case. So there has to be a business case. And then there's a very
important part of our purpose statement is improving lives and when we think about those communities
in which we live and work and whether autonomous haulage is part of that equation when you think about
some of the locations that we're in.

So we'll continue to assess whether there's opportunities for autonomous surface haulage, there's plenty
of opportunities for underground autonomous operation, and we're doing quite a bit of that already. So I
expect you'll see more underground autonomous before another open pit.

The real opportunity for us is to improve the value proposition around those mega projects set at
prefeasibility.

When you have within your portfolio an autonomous operation, you can train a new workforce up in that
operation and underpin a base case for those projects. Due to the risk we'll be doing it first, the first
radio with our autonomous haulage with a brand new project. So that's one of those strategic elements of
Boddington.

Operator

Our next question comes from Anita Soni with CIBC World Markets.

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I would want to delve a little bit further into Slide 9 and Slide 10, which was the capital and the projects.
Tom I think you just mentioned that Coffee, you're talking about them in the context of Tanami and Ahafo
North. So do I understand that the capital would be in the range of about $700 million to $800 million. Is
that what you're trying to drive back there?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Not quite, Anita. I think it will be a lower number, but I'd categorize it, 2 broad categories I have for
projects are major and mega.

A major project means anything -- it is in the hundreds of millions of dollars. It could be anything from
$300 million up to $1 billion.

And then the mega project is anything greater than $1 billion and it's actually -- it's a different way, from
my experience at projects, it's a different way to implement those 2 types of projects.

So Coffee is a similar size to Ahafo North or a Tanami in terms of the complexity of the work.

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So it's more along the range of like 250,000 ounces, 300,000 ounces rather than...?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes, yes.

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. All right. Second question, just to try to understand this free cash flow profile that you have a little
bit further. Not included in there is the Ahafo North and Yanacocha Sulfides and obviously, all the other
projects that we've talked about, but what is included is Tanami, which is an execution, right?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

That's correct, Anita. So once those projects move into full fund, then those projects will take some of
the free cash flow that we're showing there. However, that's only showing free cash flow from gold. It's
not showing the free cash flow from the other metals. So that chart needs to be read from both of those
perspectives.

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

All right. But it does include the gold, all that kicks in for those, but I think those only kick in around 2024
or 2025, anyway, right?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Those projects are in backend of about 5 years. But they are very important projects. I'm excited to be
able to bring them forward and show you what those projects do for both our production profile and our
cost.

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And then with respect to exploration, that's something that I'm just interested in, looking at the
exploration budget going forward next year. Do you guys have an idea of whether or not they'll stay the
same, increase? Or what are you looking at this stage?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

It's the same year-on-year. So that $250 million in exploration, Anita, and 80% of that spend is near
mine. It's in around conversions and extending life.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Jalonen with Bank of America.

Michael Jalonen
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just you've intrigued me on the MR open pit that Century project have gone pretty quiet since the merger.
So it's coming back to life. What's changed from what the prior owner was saying about Century versus a
smaller pit. You're not moving any buildings, just curious what kind of fluctuate could it be.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Really pleased getting the question from you, got a question from you each quarter.

I'll pass it across to Rob to give you some color on Pamour.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Mike, it really is the simplicity of it and the lack of complexity, to be honest. But obviously, it's an existing
mine that just needs to be dewatered. We've got a good geological model there. We can use the current
plant infrastructure.

And it also provides us with that kind of 10, 11, 12 years of mine life that allows us to further explore
Borden, Hoyle Pond, and Dome orebodies. So it really was just a fairly simple value equation, and we just
thought that was the simplest route, but also the most value-accretive route.

Michael Jalonen
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Where do you go from here with this project? As you can see I'm trying to get some numbers or some
time line.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Well, we are just doing the studies at the moment. And as that slide indicated is that we are still at the
early stages. So I would expect we'll be able to give you more of a time line in next year once we've
progressed it a bit more.

But just kind of rule of thumb that we're expecting it's going to be a 3-4 year kind of planning, preparation
stage, and then we're expecting around about the 12 year, 13-year kind of life at between 150,000 to
200,000 ounce kind of thing. So that's broad brush.

But certainly, Mike, it's early days. And the team is working hard on it at the moment to come up with
suitable mine designs and dewatering schedules. And certainly, in the New Year, we'll be able to provide
more color.

Michael Jalonen
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And I guess just turning to Oberon, I can't remember if that was discussed when we were at Tanami
there in November a couple of years ago. Maybe just remind me, where that is, and it just seems pretty
exciting.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Yes, Mike, it's -- again, I wasn't on that tour, which is -- I think, Mike, we might have touched on it in
terms of the geological overview that Chris Robinson did, but we've done a power of drilling since you're
up there, sorry Rob.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

No problem, but it literally is just a stone's throw away. It's less than 30 kilometers from the underground.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Rob has a strong arm.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

And certainly, there's a huge amount of synergies that we can get there. It is an open pit. But it's also got
underground potential as well. So in terms of proximity, it's very, very close, which allows us to potentially
use the existing infrastructure.

And that's certainly one that the team is focused very hard on. As I mentioned that the drilling program,
we've struggled this year because of COVID, not being allowed to drill on that bridge or land. But we've
got those approvals and post the wet season we'll get straight back to it again.

Michael Jalonen
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. I look forward to the next trip to Tanami, maybe November we'll see. Thanks.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

That would be fantastic. There's a lot to show off.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research Partners.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just maybe Tom you mentioned briefly about ESG in your prepared remarks, et cetera. Thinking about
from the energy standpoint, when you're looking at your development projects, obviously, you're
probably relooking -- probably always looked them from the best environmental and social efforts from a
development standpoint.

But any opportunities or thoughts on decarbonizing them from that standpoint? Or are you looking into
investments that you haven't talked about and some of the development work that may lead towards
some -- require investments to improve that metric from a carbon-free standpoint?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

We're really right at the moment through our 2030 target. So we're resetting our mission targets both
tons and intensity, so do design space. And we're also devoting an aspirational target for 2050. And
because we've got a long life portfolio, we can actually set up to that far and start to talk about how we
support the global community in terms of how we develop our projects and our operations.

We have -- our portfolio has a natural move to underground mining. So as we move to more underground
than open pit, we reduce both our emissions on the intensity and tons basis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

We look at where our power sources are coming from, but what we can do to convert power and where
the pulling power off the grid, what the suppliers are doing, and how we can encourage suppliers to
improve their commissions intensity.

For instance, in Ghana, we've supported a installation of solar power cells going to the grid as part of that
process.

And then if we are serious, then we need to be thinking about what we're doing with our investments to
ensure that we're reducing our emission intensity. So that is the move to more electric equipment.

The move to autonomous haulage at Boddington allows us to dieselfired trucks. You are more efficient
because the automation doesn't have the human element in terms of how those engines are operated. We
need to look at different fuel sources. We already apply carbon price to some of our key investments.

So $20 a ton and $40 a ton to assess what we do. Our full potential program, our continuous improvement
program, a key element of that is improving energy efficiency, which brings improved cost, improved
productivity and reduced emissions.

And we need to think about -- and our industry needs to be part of the discussion around where are we
putting our money where our mouth is with these targets and with our aspirations and starting to develop
technologies that can ultimately lead to a carbon-neutral world.

And that is a debate we're having right now. I think if you want to be a leader in this industry, then you
have to be demonstrating through your actions, ESG leadership. So we're having those debates and stay
tuned. We're going to talk about our new targets next month and then continue to talk about how we
deliver those in the weeks and months beyond that.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

And Tom, if I could just add, but just to build on that, Michael, that Dean Gehring, who leads our technical
service is also employing some key specialists in this domain, and we've got power and electricity
specialists, which will really help us in terms of not only managing the current power that we're pulling
from that, whether it's the stranded power or whether it's on the grid, but also working with the suppliers,
as Tom said, about the future, whether it's gas plants, solar plants, other type of electricity plants. So
again, it isn't just about the targets, we're actually building the teams that we need to do that work.

Operator

That concludes our question-and-answer session, and I would like to turn the call back over to Tom Palmer
for any closing remarks.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and please you and your families stay
safe and well, thank you.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

